After reviewing a large number of comments on this film, science has two types of science fiction. Well, there are those who are extremely knowledgeable and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, know what they can do in the hands of a talented writer. For many years science fiction has taken place in the basement of literature. My most critically acclaimed is that it is less than the history of the drug guns and the story of aliens. Today, the well-educated fan knows this date well and knows great composers Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison. By doing so, they created thoughtful, intelligent stories that extend the boundaries and redefine the human condition. This well-educated fan criticizes what Hollywood thinks of them. They are not important to them, but they are skeptical of every proposal. (Hollywood records should be less than evolution). For those fans, the story should be at a high level. They can not be tempted by cunning computer graphics and non-stop action sequences. When the Emperor does not have clothes, they cry out loudly. <br /> <br /> The second kind of science fiction has little information about the genre's written aspect. (See one of the comments above, "I have not read any book or anything in this book ...) The overall effect of their science-fiction has been taken from movies or from the Scifi channel, if large garbage holes, weak places, and subtle story lines are given, one dose wiz bang movement and awesome special effects, in fact, for their film critical thinking skills (or possibly never!), I think Robot is based on the short stories of Asimov and I have named one of his novels, (robots will create and I'll get, I'm pretty much robots - this movie is not based on that story!) <br /> <br /> The film has plenty of field holes, some of which are reliability borders dar stretch. They will celebrate the qidalandırmayın you. You have to make sense to apply your skills and discover it for yourself. Asimovun taken on behalf of a number of symbols that are different from the characters in his stories do not have the critical intelligence. Everything moves against everything that the author stands for in his movement. It is important to understand the future vision of humanity, believing it is capable of solving problems by using the minds of humanity. In short, there is little to say about Isaac, except for the name of the film. "The fact that this movie is not like a book, movies sometimes require changes." But what is the situation that does not try to stay close to the book (or book) before the movie? What is the title of each of their written job? This question asks: Why do you make a big job by slapping your head because you have wrapped an important piece? Do not buy money and protect your money. The title is something else. Do not use character names. Believe me, no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, what is the name of the unwritten cinema that accepts everything you throw at it? However, those who want to read, think, will only disturb those who do not want to give them a nice light show. <br /> <br /> I, the Robot, will resemble the genre of Hollywood, and will return scientific works to the basement where they lived. Hollywood could not do it alone. Such uncircumcible researchers admit that a similar person is found.
