The 1996 film Jane Eyre was the first to watch and I did it, and I applauded it. Most of the novel was outside, and I think that William Hurt should be terribly worse than Rochester. Since then, I've watched the other remarkable adaptations of the novel, three short versions of '44, '70 and 97 and the 73, '83 and 2006 mini-series, and I've seen that the worse adaptation <br /> <br /> , undoubtedly the most sophisticated Jane Eyre adaptation in terms of cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli is looking for a story and bringing the characters to life, looking at the unique Rochester and Janein windows on a rocky, long-wearing belly of the winter sky. Additionally, its scripts simply scratch the surface of the novel leaving many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and, unfortunately, does not include the humor side of their charm. There are many short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each one is staged beautifully, but it is not enough to show that the exchanges are involved. We know they are forced to fall in love, but we do not see what actually happened. Rochester's injured Mason is completely disappeared after leaving the house, and the screw scene, the most important scene - the second - Rochester's Jane's desire to find a dilemma. Zerifferelli is not mistaken for other bet writers not to replace poor articles for Bronte's superior lines, nor to be completely changed and rewritten, but it is less attacked, but ultimately it is a big mistake to release many important scenes. <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> Killed in the Caucasus, lolita lolita lonely a little girl, longing for love. Ever-trusted Joan Plowright is a very unpleasant, but very scary lady, Fairfaix, and can not feel that a Billie Whitelaw should play a plain-looking, hard-working Grace Poole instead of the village witch. Charlotte Gainsbourgh, as an adult hero, is a perfect choice for physically playing Jane Eyre. Looking at every occasional, delicate, fragile, unusual, powerful feature, Jane is closer to my inner view than any other actress in this role. In the first 15 minutes of the screen, I was playing with his performance. Gainsbourgh allows viewers to guess about the intrinsic fire and the strong will that is hidden behind the stoic mask. But, unfortunately, the scenario will never allow Janein to expand the passionate and lively side of her character. As a result of Gainsbourg's not reflecting Jane's description and ultimately unsatisfactory, many scenes were removed and many of the dialogues were shortened. However, although Gainsbourgh was still trying to play Jane, with a better post, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been a good Jane like Zelah Clarke. There is no trace of Rochester in the character described by William Hurt. Having proved to be a very good actor in films, Hurt also knew that his novel was not trying to play Rochester as he had written physically and typically. His Rochester, besides being yellow and blue eyes, is a soft, spoken, kind, noble, shy and calm, a little strange and eccentric, but mostly good-natured and gentle. The lines that refer to these traits of his character are completely laughable. In addition, in many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression is a curiosity that he is fighting against acute attacks of sleep disorders. Especially as a general in the field of anesthesia is afraid of a patient, and it is not difficult to keep his eyes open. If you compare Rochester with the powerful will of the novel and the charming hero, it's not surprising that many viewers are disappointed in Hurt's performance, if you're just exposed to energy and mystery. He still insults me less than Rochesters in versions '70, '97, and 2006, and in general, this Jane Eyre would be able to rank it higher than these three others. No doubt, the ideas knew that the novel could not be Rochester and therefore did not try to do so, while George C. Scott, Ciarain Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they were thinking, look no further than Rochester, more than a badly played Rochester. I do not want to watch Jane Eyre, who has long been a novel of the novel, but does not create anything new from a version that uses contemporary contemporary dialogues that can speak with a pair of present-day cafés at Starbucks. Undoubtedly, this is a failure of Jane Eire, but at least it is harmless to say the least about the '97 and 2006 adaptations. That's why I will not be watching this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a good movie.
