... and you can look at this expression differently. Above all, there is some confusion because of all terrible and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imaginations are not close to some of the scenes that you can clearly see here. All parts of this film are just plain, disgusting, insulting, and cruel and they bring you closer to pucking your insights. Now I love horror movies and I'm very 'violent against violence' but I think I should take it somewhere! Do you have many questions? Fear cradle is a series of completely ill and twisted ideas. "Film" consists of four chapters related to a story of a palace. It leads to the infinite display of torture, crime, and illness, but only to find out if the victims are a common thing. If you ask me, it's not very informative. And yet - must say - the main area is undoubtedly HAS potential. About a hawkish hypnotist, who takes vengeance on the devil himself and deals with suffering and death for everyone involved in the trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting subject, so they should pay less attention instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie. <br /> Secondly, the whole production of this film was a mess. They did not have much of the budget, and they spent all this on fake blood and intestines ... Tones! Imagining speeches are a joke and some of the worst I have ever seen. Any other special effects, such as makeup, appear to be very amateur (such as real car crash). <br /> <br /> Do not be afraid to miss the cradle and at least say it is an opportunity. With the death-metal symbol Danni Filth (from the group's link "The Cradle of Pollution"), this film is intended for the eyes of twisted young people who are trying to be clearly controversial. Girls and children who are happy to look after their parents in a similar way. People complain about the suicides and the rights of minors ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie may cause a lot of damage when you are easily exposed or when you have an unstable mind. This film is an insult to every self-respecting fearist.
