While telling people how to review movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is, "What do you think of such a movie?" Here are some problems. First, I have not seen it and therefore has the potential to destroy my reputation. Secondly, I can only shoot the movie without realizing that the movie really is their favorite. Finally, DVDs could be watched so I could control my mind. So when I was settled in "The Convent" before, I could not choose my choice, but it was a movie I could not escape from. Unfortunately, this is a terrifying "horror" as a kitten box. <br /> <br /> Following the recent obsolete clichés, The Convent is visiting a group of American high school students on a mission abandoned on a mission to have fun, laid, and gentle entertainment. But what will happen after that? A classic horror movie tradition comes from a group of wild devil nuns who continue to divide the children. Will any of them survive and more importantly, there are no good things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that protects The Convent from being a total loss of time is that no one realizes that this is a strict finger, except that the hero, like Coolio's strange community, is a hyperactive policeman. For no reason, chipmunk's noise, the zombie shouting, who works on the day-to-day gloat painting, when he is a zombie - but really kills him like a horror, you can instantly understand. someone goes out to get out and kill the messile. But, even though they work, I doubt they will work - the make-up type of the make-up you see in the Buffy The Vampire Slayer TV show is not really scary. The most terrible thing about this film is that more than 10% of voters have that maximum account. That is, I know it's funny, but I complicate my side. To be honest, a dentist will have more fun. <br /> <br /> The Convent is not actually a fiction film. It's more than a comedy like "Scary Movie" or "Dead Of Shaun", but instead you laugh at it. I can not honestly recommend Cast and crew to anyone except the family, but I think I'll be very happy later. I do not like the genre "good", and I personally feel that if filmmakers can not be anxious to rescue Turkey, I think I should not bow to the gut to watch it. Yes, it's a bad movie, and yes, you really need to go home and do something more constructive. Rubik's cube for example. The DVD box has two price tags - £ 4.99 for one and a low price of £ 3. But this is sold at £ 1 and it's worth saying everything about poxy, cheap, awesomely bad flick. If you're sorry, only "The Convent" is actually a non-idolatrous bundle.
