I'm a student of the film and it's been a couple of years. And the concept of a cyber, kung fu, satirical chimpanzee wondered, "Is this movie going to break this pattern?" Nevertheless, America has never been released by any movie theater that has no sympathy. Following the great classics like "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", the best ideas have already been accepted. But then comes the "Funky Monkey". I laughed, cried, thought of suicide. <br /> Now I've read about the devil's keeping in the Bible, but it does not reveal that one of the bad things has been created yet. First, a chimpanzee with at least one piece of intelligence was really a monkey, not a monkey. But I was convinced that filmmakers would bring this problem closer to the film. They were not. Complete this work of me: Z.T. Chimpanzees decided to train as a soldier. Why? I think they mention something about soldiers working for the bananas, but when it comes to spending about $ 13 million to grow a chimpanzee, it does not seem to be costless. Anyway, Z.I.T. Clemens (The Chimp) brings a CIA expert (Matthew Modine). Clemens everything Z.I.T. hoped. She seems to have gained training skills at a local shopping mall and can still take turns guiding her guards to remind us that we're watching a baby movie. It turned out that Modi's intentions could be bad (Gasp!) And Clemens decided to leave. A CIA agent and all of them know that Modine is the best way to get rid of himself, to rent a living room, to regularly exit the television while fighting, and to use checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds Modin's whereabouts and sends two best ways to get it. These guards were probably the biggest comedy group after Martin and Lewis, or Turner and Hooch? It does not matter at all, but in the end, a good guys are winning to end a twist heck! Summer! Hooray for prediction! A nerdy who learns to be a hobby will be able to play songs that are even black by a single mother in need of a date and Radio Disney, and at the Funky Monkey. Leap to the movie? Football game! Thugs, bumblers, chimp and nerd boy played. <br /> <br /> There is no such change in the content of a delicate football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never allows! This is on the edge of the armchair entertainment. Some may even say "American beauty" of the features full of apes. After finishing this epic, he recalled that a metal rod heard a story about a railroad worker who lost his brain functions when his temporal lobe was pierced. Funky Monkey is a metal stick between films.
