And again, do not see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This is the record for the worst, most powerful comedy. At least in most of these comedy days, most crazy comedies are crazy and straightforward, but writers and directors make at least a bit of fun and make them funny. I'm not tired of not repeating one of my favorite motives: Everyone thinks they can do a comedy, only 10% of them are right. Comedy is difficult! This is a genre you can play with any fool. Filmmakers compare this trash piece with Kentucky Fried Movie. Basically, these tambours are comparing their comic talents with bright Jim Abrahams and Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies ten times funnier from The Underground Comedy Movie. Here is an example of a comedy for those who want to see this movie: A sketch covers a super hero dressed as a penis named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he spoils his sperm and defeats his enemies. This is so. That's all joke. Amazing! Wow. This is enough to carry Carrot Top's eyes. Another sketch contains a man who has sex with a dead man in a porn movie. In another sketch, there is a bag of lady beauty contest where we have been exposed to horrific images of middle-aged women wearing bikini dresses and beer shrink marks. In addition, homeless people are not very funny. It is a step away from mocking disabled people. The entire movie should be a satire. I think film artists are the key element of the sale ... it's the truth! Indeed, for anyone who enjoys this twist, tell me the truth about these gags! Some of the sketches could be laughable on paper, but anyone with a screen capture knows that they are laughing at a glimpse of embarrassing paper, and it will probably not be funny on the screen. If I talk about a big, black, muscular gay brother who saved himself to the right person, she probably laughs. However, drag the premises on the screen for approximately 10 minutes. People hate the criticism of a low-eyed comedy because they are not funny; they are considered as closed squares. I just saw "White Chicks". This is another low eyebrow, a politically wrong comedy, but laughed at me. The most sensitive thing about the movie "The Underground Comedy Movie" is that funny! What the writers and directors do not understand is just being dirty and tasteless. There is more! Imagine only the famous scene "There is Something about Mary" (with iran, quite a bit of Bozo directors put Farrellys on the list of special thanks). The joke about sperm is not only courageous, it is because of the body's fluids. There was a dial. Ben Stiller was jerking in the bathroom to make sure he did not date with a "loaded gun." Then he looked at the place where all the straw had gone after his release. The knot stops at the door and needs to respond. Her history, Mary, was at the door and the straw appeared to beneath Benin's ear. In this film, there are many gags that bump the bones of the characters without squashes. Jay Leno always says, "Is not this comedy work so easy?" Taking this into account, Vince's proposal, 'was not cut off for this genre! The only reason people can laugh in this confusion is their desire to feel hip. Let's face it, it's now politically wrong to laugh at something hip. I know the comedy is objective ... but this movie should not be funny, except for the filmmakers themselves. One side note was that the film should have been made before Michael Clarke Duncan's film "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There is no other reason that her caliber actor would volunteer to become part of this amateurs show. All those cast are non-actors, actresses or B-movie stars. Karen Black has made a good impression on the "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think he has done something worthwhile since then. Slash is likely to be druged in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the biggest star in the film (Duncan was not popular right now) and for a good reason he still has a ton of people who have not heard about him. In general, I would support low budgets, but it is worthy of a sudden departure. I hope this is not a religious classic! Is there no law against such an analogy?
