Once again I saw a film prepared by people who did not know anything. I just met Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and bought it. <br /> <br /> This film is trashy. I do not know that everyone can compare a classic like Bonnie and Clyde in their right mind. This movie is far from classic. Someone called him brilliant. It's almost terrible. This movie can not get a solid fact and I have the worst cast I've ever seen. I do not know Warren Oates's homeless idea like John Dillinger. First of all, he does not look like something like that. Second, when John Dillinger was killed, he was 31. Oates did it when he was 45! You even say that it's just bigger than Dillinger. <br /> <br /> If they die Baby Face Nelson, then Homer Van Meter, and finally John Dillinger, she was too old, but Ben Johnson was like Melvin Purvis. John Dillinger was killed in front of both. The last child died was Baby Face Nelson. When the writers died, they did not know, nor did they know how. Baby Face Nelson was killed after fleeing from a small bohemian dress. Homer Van Meter was killed by farmers with a pistol. Homer Van Meter escaped from the corner by St Paul's police and was shot with machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger gang, Harry Pierpont, will be shot by the police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was arrested and sentenced to death on the electrical chair. Baby Face Nelson into my Baby Face Nelson view, so I'm not going to come here again. And I should add that the description of Richard Dreyfuss's Baby Face Nelson is very miserable. There is an attacking attack on Dillinger, and then it becomes a bad sting. When Dillinger beat him, he cried like a baby and cried: "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger have never fought. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's banking methods, but he had never fought. Nelson did not cry like a little girl when he was beaten. Call her Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known by his name in his life. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and changed his name to George Nelson. Her boyfriend, Herbert Youngblood, was blacklisted by Dillinger, but he was known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius does not know anything. Where did John Milius know the hell? Perhaps I can make a better movie than that. <br /> <br /> Finally, John Dillinger's death is treacherous and unfounded. The film shows Dillinger's Red Lady and his girlfriend Billie Frechette from Biograph. By the way, Billie Frechette was not there at night. But Polly was a girl named Hamilton. Melvin Purvis yells, 'Johnny!' Dillinger takes his weapon and thrown into hell. Dillinger proved that he was not a gun at that night. The FBI did not give her a chance to surrender and removed her eyes before she could see them. It did not even hit him. They were so close that they burned the dust on their faces. It's a crime. The man who killed that night is not John Dillinger. Can you imagine that the FBI's report killed another innocent unarmed man after killing thousands of civilians in the small Bohemian events? As Dillinger said, the weapon he produced was not produced after Dillinger's death. The man they were going to kill was not John Dillinger, but I'm going to stop here. <br /> <br /> If you want to see the Dillinger version with Lawrence Tierney, do not waste time with this inaccurate trash film.
