To prove what Hollywood conventions are. The true dialogue, less sophisticated and straight characters, and a forgiving scene line is just one part of these gangster classic wannabe problems. An attempt to be courageous and different, but this is a clash attempt to recreate the magic of Arthur Penn's Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and George Roy Hill's Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). filmmakers and films - but not falling under the bar. Problems with storytelling need to be heard to explain the problem sections that explain it. Editing appears to try to replicate previous classics, but sometimes technically negatively and creates more problems for me. Unnecessary shots were thrown out to justify their shooting, but they were sitting in the cutting room and serving better. Black and white montage and period music are sometimes trying to cover scenes that can not be or can not be transmitted or replace scenes that are not just working, and sometimes reminiscent of Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Very dramatic postures, environmental drawings, unfinished players and top-level players, and unnecessary drawbacks to support actors reminiscent of the backyard camera directors of the 1980s - I wondered if it was responsible. He pointed to a weak musical score when he played at two shooting and rapprochement, and then suddenly stopped in a large shooting. The majority of the film was gunfire, door, footprint and dialogue (a style used by new managers in the mid-1970s), but no background noise caused by artificial invisibility, especially laughs on tire lanes . The biggest problem in my honest opinion was that there were no "gratifying" symbols to direct all audiences and we see them as the main heroes of the story. Gangsters and legitimate people did not want to see the victory, and that no story had to work for me. We know from films from Penn and Hill's "Heroes". Although they are criminals, we love them and want to kidnap them. In this movie I think who is small on the screen. John Milius was impressed by the fact that John Dillenger was trying to give a non-definitive reset of events from July 1933 to July 1934 (death) in 1934. <br /> <br /> To be fair it is the moments of writing a good solid story, which is a bright glow from the dark and dead body of this movie. John Milius does not try to 'copy' the film in the future movies, even more sadly. Dillinger (1973), a large number of stars and famous characters who had been defeated by this director were engaged in "big budget" debate, but do not wait for the rent on the classic movie channel.
