<br /> <br /> The main problem with the documentary "Czech Dream" is not to say what the truth is. Courageous - I avoid using the word "inspiration" - the street theater act was a great corporate betrayal to serve as a foundation for two film directors of the Czech Republic, Vit Klusac and Phillip Remunda: they deliberately fake "hypermarket" (costco or Wal Mart Super Store is an equivalent to Eastern Europe) has created an advertising campaign around - billboards, radio and television spots, an official logo, an attractive theme and photos of counterfeit goods - on the "dop" opening day . <br /> <br /> Let's also note, "Why is there such a thing?" You can ask. Yes, this is a very good question, but the answer to the film does not answer. In fact, we say that the purpose of the stunt was to show that people believe something - even something that is not right - easily manipulated by the power of advertising. And filmmakers are morally covering the legend as "real" (ie higher) to convince the Czech people not to fall for all advertising that encourages entry into the European Union. What's right is fair - what actually works and does not work with the actual advertisers, the "scientist", who agree with bringing evidence against the unethical nature of lying to customers. In short, by allowing them to be captured in the camera to make these comments, this advertiser is men and women who are poorly suspected of being the target of the poor, like the filmmakers. However, in many ways, the satiric arrow is not only the target, but also moves around the filmmakers who started it. They are extremely foolish, good-natured, and trustworthy people, like those who are stupid and uneducated here, because they are foolish people who are perfectly worthy people, some of them older and disabled, and have to travel for a long time. How much did this prove? Are these people "unprepared" because they are opening a new supermarket looking for Monday? Or they think they are foolish and stubborn, since they have been declared an advertisement and have no doubts that they can not be an actual market. <br /> <br /> No, I'm scared that this clever, split, bad, little "stunt" is just about full and the movie makers are really preparing to feel the goodness of the people. And, indeed, many of them, when I find the trick they have played in, react with a benevolence and good humor I'm not sure I was in my position to find myself <br /> <br /> I do not want to say that the movie was not shot - witnessing a major traffic accident There is something for you - but when the dust is over and all disappointing customers are red-faced and empty, we can safely declare their homes that they should be ashamed of themselves.
