When I saw this film, I heard all the deeds and people said that Denzel along with the Golden Globe was worthy of Oscar, and we did not do a great job when Kevin Spacey thought it was excellent. I was wrong. People are not the Americans themselves, they are not to upset the African American society. I have never heard complaints from African-Americans about how they would be nominated and how they won. Whoppi Goldberg won the best actress for color purple and the movie should have won the best picture because sometimes it's right (not so far). The only reason for this film to be raised in such a way is that people are watching a film about a troublesome African American at a very racist age and automatically label it as a masterpiece. Denzel Washington is a prominent actor, but its role in this film does not affect me. I squeezed him in the film with him and his actor was pretty much resembled in Malcolm X, but not good. The audience asks him to believe in this man, Rubin Carter, is sacred. <br /> <br /> This film has left this man, the characters who worshiped this hero, and went and took his book and enriched this hero's hero. <br /> <br /> This film is in prison for the crimes that are largely unsuitable for life. Of course, his crimes (mainly theft) were his only survival, there was nothing else. Though drug dealers and thieves were more than justifiable for the same reasons, people were saddened by the fact that they looked at the society. Everything in this movie tries to describe this man as a dragon (except for the apparent blasphemy he or she faces with his spouse and the other man's aggression when faced with his wife), but why not? point of view I do not like "genuine" stories based on stories (especially Hollywood interpretations) because they usually distort the "truth" parts to something else, because nothing happens. This was part of Hollywood's vision, but everyone did not believe in this truth with suspicion. Yes, before I made any assumptions, I was a little scared of the past and had a terrible person. Not just that he has a chance to kill those people. If you do not believe me, search the internet and read articles written by some people. The boxing match, which claims to have won so easily, has really won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are tapes to prove it. In addition, this film has many twisted and delusional facts. <br /> <br /> This film is another unfortunate fact in the Hollywood version. <br /> <br /> Still, the story will be explained in the truth. Denzel's player is outdated and the player supporting Mickey Mouse is frustrating. The film starts with very slow pace and is boring.
