I do not know why, but first I saw this movie. Maybe it was a name, perhaps looked at the poster, maybe I do not know. Anyway, at first it was very encouraging. And there were even some bright moments along the whole feature. Perhaps I'm not a big fan of horrors, and I do not watch them much, but it really is sometimes fresh. But the rest is not good. She laughed over time. The movie is slow, sometimes you will be bored as you forget what the story is about. Characters are also not great. All of them. Butcher is OK, creepy and horrible. Despite the fact that I could not get the things that looked at him in this chest (as the whole scene was only fake and invisible) and why he was collecting at home in banks? The main road is straight. His character is hard to believe and does not develop much. But similar scenarios are wrong. Why did she cried when she painted her girlfriend? Side casting is very bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when will the women in the horror movie have their brains? Its ridiculous. The girl learns that a boy's lover takes his camera and that the police are trying to succeed, and then he thinks the best. Why not just go and get it? I know the place where the maniac lives! Yup! Hurry up! And look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? Then, go through the room and look at a bag that you did not have before, and just look at one eye. Maybe you have a camera? Not there. But loads of interesting things. Bright. Mmmm. The carrying case indicates that the butcher is very difficult for a smaller brain. Of course, the never-ending "fledgling" trick, because of the fact that it's really bad. Then, at the end of the film, to hang his last nail, he shouted as his "Noooo", hanging his corpses, wiping his Gucci purse and wagging his wagons, and then going to the wagon. .. Jeez. Come on. Nobody thinks it is fair, good, foolish? Just horrible. If his character is not so bad, maybe the movie will get another star or two from me. And I would even forgive the MMT characters that may have hit with a metal hammer (on the train, which killed the conductor), weirdly and cheaper-looking monsters finally guard butcher vests (I did not read Clive Barkers novel, so I had no idea when it came to monsters) , no one was in the city, no one was in the hundreds (not to judge on skeletons in prison). He died when he broke his tongue (but realized that I understood it). Oh, and the expected end. Damn, I knew half of the latter, only disappointment. The only reason I still give credit to producers is that the movie looks much better than most of the horrors I've seen in the last few months. The visual style was beautiful, some shots were really nice, and it was a good CGI showing that the murders were really brutal. (though the blood was not looking at anything). Some people will love it, and some will hate it if there is nothing else to watch.
