I've heard and read some of the most praiseworthy things about Midnight Meat Train, which is based on a short story from Clive Barker and adapted from the original "Hellraiser" by which she is guided. I can only express a mixed idea of ​​my viewing experience. The most appropriate word to sum up the whole movie is just stingy! Violence is loyal and excessive, undoubtedly, fanatic attracts young fear enthusiasts, but this is a type and operaist who can not imagine. Generally I use violence, but at least I should serve one purpose. Cut off? The only shock described in the Midnight Meat Train is intended to weaken the audience with poor nervous systems and ease with pelvic inflammation and even not fully effective due to the use of digital computing effects. There are many flaws, some of them are bigger than a trivial body, but first of all, I have to pay attention to good elements. The basic concept is definitely promising and many sequences (such as a chase in a freezer room) are literally leaked by a burning clamor and dark atmosphere. Unfortunately, pacing is very inadequate and the potential fantasy structure is unnecessary. A short story to a long-term movie scenario is likely to be responsible for pacing violations, but honestly, they have done more with the experiment, along with the character played by Vinnie Jones. Leon, a photographer who landed in New York, landed his agent in search of a really dangerous face of the city with bad pictures. Leon was always nervous, waiting for his train at midnight, and dropped off with the butcher's behavior. The coffee maker comes out to be a ruthless serial killer destroying a huge hammer, but the motive and behavior of the killer show that there is something more important than the rails at night. Midnight Meat Train takes place in places that are not naturally disturbed as night subway stations and animal abattoirs, and the film also features a good truck performance and terribly disturbing loads of cargo (like cigar in the towel and wicker sheets) but director Ryühei Kitamura "Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take full advantage of these. The latter leaves many questions unanswered, and I think that Clive Barker is worthy of such a finer finale, even though this is what he is. "Midnight Meat Train" is a bit spectacular and definitely haunting film, but indispensable. This is not intended for an easily offended audience, but those who are consistent in the sequence and the clarity should leave it alone.
