"Mayerling" is a daily story of the royal people in Austria in the late nineteenth century. One of Europe's apparent steady internal confusions, Emperor Franz Joseph (Mrs Oma Sharif), Emperor (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police, spies, exaggerated popins, gypsies, dancers, women, soldiers, trailers, horses etc. Franz Josephin's strange inbred webpage of the European royalist era during the Austro-Hungarian Empire: The film shot by former film posters called "Riyakar Riot", which is nothing but a superficial but intellectual challenge to the "Princess of the Student" like James Mason, who uses a very small white color, reminiscent of remembering his all - purpose mittel - european emphasis, and I am a great admirer and I ask that the award is a hope made with the horror he feels for his character. Mr. Omar Sharif has looked at the camera with a great brown eyes and built a sincere career, giving his stupefyingly monotonous performance as his son Taqoud Prince. He puts at least a cut at a fraction of the Austrian aristocracy, as a film, completely unconvincing as a man. With its well-twisted locks, it definitely replaces it and places it in a more difficult form. A rebel speaks, but he does not go from his heart, and marries his sixth knob, regardless of his determination, as he touches one of his tunics. Fortunately, she is in love with a partner. "Forbidden Love" comes from one of the films. She pushes the envelope there in the weakest of Miss Catherine Deneuve, the most unusual. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for and we see, in particular, a lot of sequences in the ballet. Now I like the ballet as the next man, but if this sequence spends a lot of time, a more frustrated critic would consider it to be "padding." Rudolf's mother is played by Miss Ava Gardner in the Empire. He gives a good old American oooomph to some, looking at him as a little "Auntie Mame," but he does it indefinitely.Rudolf, of course, will not put anything stronger than his mother's favorite. The only performance involved is just like Sir Lancelot Spratt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. I'm glad to see that it's not a great idea about everything going around. An immortal question from Rudolf: "When is the bleeding?" I am not able to argue with the historic accuracy of Mayerling, but in my opinion everything is fine. Ruritanian Opera Buffa will not let you go home in the theater.
