One of the most potent environmental expenditure in many mining operations is the pollution of low flow streams, sediments and toxins, rivers and lakes. One of the most serious examples of river sediments in the United States in the 19th century was the hydraulic drilling from the high hills of the Sacramento valley at the beginning of the 1850s and early 1880s. This process has led to the high pressure water being directed to the hillside, where the material is crushed and crushed. The sediment was then collected in a trench or stream and found most of the way to the Sacramento River or its bushes. The sediment in the river bed has increased the likelihood of flooding in the agricultural areas and cities below, and in some areas permanent marshes have been created. Some of the sediments were poured into agricultural areas where they could cover a permanent crop, or would cover the most desirable land or difficult landfall. Thus, the conflicting interests of hydraulic mining and other companies that are negatively impacted by these operations are the subject of a nearly forgotten 1938 color film by Warner. <br /> <br /> Firstly, Warner decided to shoot this film in Technicolor, a very rare treat in 1938. A story about wheat farmers and gold miners did not justify the cost and difficulty of colorful shooting. The answer appears with the colorful dresses and decorations during the featured movie, which is shown in the film. Later, he was chosen as the lead man and last hero to associate colorful George Brent with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needed a charismatic leader to carry it. Even smaller, even colorful, Gabby Hayes was unusually fastened. Unfortunately, I fell asleep without the dramatic final part of the film. The pieces I have seen have spent a lot of time building a complex relationship between many people, who describe the condition of the selected wheat baron and perhaps the surrounding towns and their attempts to deal with flood and sedimentation problems. It should have been more like a Good Place, a year earlier. Maybe it was only a charismatic leader like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is a subject of disobedience. Undoubtedly, Warner might have come up with a charming or more fitting name. "Gold or Grain" is short and point. By the way, I know that "thar hills" are still plenty of gold, and I'm waiting for the extraction of hydraulic mines by other means.
