Zeppelins on Sky Captain have enough metaphor to explain that this movie is really terrible. First, let's get out of half, and I'm skeptical that Paramount will not make any money from this movie. It can lead to religiosity, but it is very remarkable because of failure. Now we can see the studio square. "Use the computer animation to dominate any scene, combining the German Expressionism of the 1920s and the 1940s globetrotting adventure! Wow, that's not going to be a success!" Skycaptain spins the audience very well. There are many fraudulent explosions, many unconvincing dogfight scenes and symbols, but there are very few realistic moments that are painfully two-dimensional. Why do not you be shocked and scared by a floating airplane when you are three, five or a hundred? Moreover, it could be a groundbreaking film, a computer-generated picture and human actors combined in a stylized and interesting month, using a CGI, which would not be the most important requirement of any flick, but instead would be a flop without any part. Very simply, the graphics are incredibly weak. As the car moves toward the plane of the aircraft, everything looks less than anything else. Here I am nit-picky in any way. A baby can notice that a car will not slide along a path like a maglev train (unless it is a Mercedes S500). And let me tell you to say, "This is a stylized film, not like reality," to raise your voices in protest for those of you. The Lord of the Rings set a standard for the integration of real-life actors with CGI, Starship Troopers set a standard for ironic science fiction films, Rocketeer reintroducing 10 years of Hollywood movie portfolio of the 1920s and Tim Burton's Batman, which is still unrecognizable in New York City / Gotham Unique created a picture. Sky Captain is less than all these films, it is difficult to give them the same sentence. Moreover, the player is very weak and gives me a positive illness. That's why. I spent $ 9 on this movie and you are reviewing it. I hope all of you will avoid my mistake.
