This very poor Australian excuse for a movie is a kind of Pavlov Dog Experience among horror films. Remember this popular "Conditioned Reflex" exam on your school books, right? The Russian scientist Pavlov proves that dogs are not coming to the mouths of foods and trying to put them down before routine routines that stimulate the reflexes of the animal. Pavlov made several calls before moving to the dog, and after a while he was excited and excited and began to hear his rich voice. What is all this dull explanation in general with the silent and low-budget Aussie slasher flick? Well, the modus opera of "Nightmares" manicak killer is a complete option in Pavlov's experience. Each murder sequence occurs prematurely by the sound and image of the killer who violates a window, because it is persistent in using a sharp glass to cut a victim. So after a short time, intolerant and bored followers can instantly endure and simply look back at the sound of the smashed glass. So do not miss out on something special yet! <br /> <br /> As for the quality of the movie Nightmares, I can be very short. This is a cheap, unobtrusive and largely imbecilic Aussie's earnings in the contemporary popular trend of American slasher films. At the beginning of the 1960's, four-year-old witnesses testify that his mother was murdered. Because the throat is badly injured in a car accident. Twenty years later the same girl? Helen Selleck ?? a successful scene actress, but still has severe mental issues and is regularly suffering from terrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. He plays a role and takes part in the death of the elections that play a role in the role of black comedy. Shortly after the big premiere, everyone who is away from production is cut off. Although this movie tries to defend the mystery of murder and identity, it can be understood even after the first murderer than the most infantile viewer. I do not think it's a more clear form than Nightmares, and creators simply have to show their faces and be saved from shame. Murders are open and bloody, and there is a large amount of unlawful nonsense to "enjoy". However, production values ​​are weak and therefore the film is never shocked or provocative. A few clips from the real game appear to be the worst possible scene played. The only positive elements in the film are the character of the filmmaker and the gay newspaper critics, as well as the rest of our loved ones, and it makes them happy. The "nightmare" is a terrifying part of the exploit of horror film, but at least I gave you a golden tip to make it even more efficient.
