There are two groups who love both Fellini films and those who love normal people. I admit that I really enjoyed some of my films, and I'm honest, I can say that I'm not standing in some of them. In my opinion, this is not just a knee reactions - I've seen most of Fellini films and have seen a lot of movies from the world's most famous directors. Given this, I feel the most overrated and annoying directors can be Allahard and Fellini. Both of them are delighted to be strangely and often disappeared, and on the average they never get any of their films, they have received praise from researchers and "intellectuals". Heck, even a person who loves international cinema, will often be in the cold when he sees some of these films. It is not surprising that only a few clicks are really watching their films and they are forced to see the directors as geniuses, and that is often surprised by the movies - it's like religiousness! If you do not believe me, think about many of Godard movies like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE ... or about FELLINI SATYRICON or Souls JULIET? These films are filled with boredom, stupidity and misunderstanding. Now I'm not saying that the movie can not be strange (after all, I love KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER'S HAPPINESS), but it must be awaiting! <br /> <br /> Now this movie. Anyway, Fellini was able to write a story about a totally boring and sexually compulsive man. This is not a small issue - it has done a lot to make it unwatchable. Instead of cheap sexual excitements, Casanova's character, Donald Sutherland, is buried under many makeup and prosthesis that appear to be a ghoul, while sex acts are a ridiculous and boring way. In some cases it should be Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be absolutely bored with this sterile performance - especially the Sutherland's lines are dubbed in Italy weakly, so it's invisible and sounds like it! Unfortunately, there is nothing to watch until the film is twisted in this boring jogging. <br /> <br /> An interesting fact about the first sexual conquest in this loud film is that the actress seems strange as a smaller version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. However, given that Fellini played Masina in the past decade as a prostitute and a shameless woman, she really hated her and worked on the screen. I read a bit about them and their fierce relationships, and that's what they do. This is about the only aspect of this film that is of interest to me. Do not say I did not warn you!
