This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. You should not see this movie, but if you insist on losing your time, here's SPOILERS. Gray Matters on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brothers and sisters; everyone lives in the eyes of men and spouse. Everything else is not a sex. In the early days, the film begins with its subject: "The most absurd moment is the most absurd thing, and you've guessed the most absurd reactions." Gray and Sam decided to check the dog park with the lender. Instead, bury his brother to tear him to the first woman she sees, she also does, and responds to very sordid questions. When they signal the arrival of their brother, they start a three-way history. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan), all the right things, and so on. Sam pushed his last head and finished a story with a pair of marriage proposal! Charlie accepts! Within a week will be Charlie, Gray and Sam Vegas. In the coming weeks, Charlie and Gray go shopping for a wedding dress (apparently Charlie has a off-the-rack figure). Gray is sliding an icy latte when she thinks that Charlie is working on some dresses and has chosen her $ 10,000 frock for her. While Charlie continues to slurp Gray Latte (although it's like a bag of bags), while the "low-pay-on-a-home" dress makes her sipping. What can happen, but only "woops!" Latte all over. He never tells Bloomingdale that he came out of the bride hall with a $ 10,000 mocha dress. Will You Return to the Truth? Caesar's Palace is Las Vegas. They have a "high roller-room" (Sam is not a surgeon and Charlie intern is not a zoologist? Did you get all these money?) Gray Samny took out a room from the lounge and she was Charlie's Bachelorette Drink-a-Thon, you guessed it - kisses . Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers. Gray takes hiccups if they have any objection to the union of these two lovebirds, when they reach the wedding chapel and the Reverend's own line. The sky represents excuses, for some reason the Reverend must repeat the last line and return to the "hiccups" again. Gray is back in NY and faces everyone, as though. And, of course, you guess it again! Gay. Another jerk, and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) called Gordy. It is gray, but the senses are not returned. They become great friends. This is good, because it's clean about kissing Sam. He blows and goes out of his house. When Sam came to his senses he went to his office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is poured in the middle of the dark red zone. There are cameras and microphones in all conference rooms that are broadcast to all computer monitors. Sam takes Gray in one of the conference halls for an individual conversation and takes him to the whole office. There is a doubt that this squad is a gay man or a lesbian: Gordy comes to rescue her and persuades her to go to a lesbian bar. 'Sorry, no one' he says. So Gray and Gordy go back with dragged Gordy. Bad drag He was a sleeveless black satin blouse, a pearl pearl and a grandmother's church hat. No pleasure would be 'this garment would not mix' this woman as a queen who was driven by fewer women. The bar was also a flat man fantasy of a lesbian bar: Victoria's full of hidden models. Everything goes peach? She goes home with her client's client. Gray kisses a woman's account and finally kisses more. For some reason, nobody tells Charlie anything, and he does not look gray with the whole film of that kiss, but later on.
