I have to get out of this movie in fifteen minutes ... through the cruise scene and turned into a clean boredom. What really terrifies me is that I am concerned about the people who are looking at this reasonable move, "welcome" or "to see." <br /> <br /> It was a great regret for those who had a spouse, that most of the positive comments about this neat and humorous travesty were written by industrial plants. <br /> This is nothing to indulge and clarify. It's resolutely unfunny, bad scripted and cold, canned rice pudding has all the speed and energy. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer I can say that it was a missed opportunity, and before looking at it, I expected something more difficult to read the synopsis. Sibling brotherhood and fraternity, unexpected awakening of the "brotherhood" sex and the potential for the comic potential of the couple in the fraternity competition (the same for the girl's influence) were open to the refreshing comedy intelligence. Along with this, the audience faces a series of ridiculous speeches and obviously drawn and impeccably arranged in a battle that fights for clichéal characteristics and belief. it needs a more intense direction. The absence of control over the director seems striking; On the other hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek perform many pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon are particularly embarrassed - often paying compensation. For this, the director could be guilty - maybe Sue Kramer will make a bigger smile than the audience when most actors act. But still, the cast was a veteran; <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer should really care what movies he wants and for whom he wants. Taking into consideration future issues, Gray welcomes the issues and, in the context of comedy, should consider writing dramas, given its inability or reluctance to investigate them completely. Especially when women hope to reach a larger audience than women, I know that it will never be easy to shoot films about women and women, but in whatever direction, gray and ugly characters will not be harmed.
