When watching a movie like a "Wizard", do you need to go back, relax, and change your intellectual skills to such a state? in this case, in one case, left a state sufficient to withstand the inadequacy of the brain's inactivity for the comedy. With a short 88-minute work-length, this movie has fallen under a group of long-drawn and recurring jokes? The jokes that come from a minority and, in the first place, were not even funny. The key material of Hot Rod is superficial and unfounded, as it did in Napoleon Dynamite in 2004. In fact, the obvious surprise that the film will not be compared to Napoleon Dynamite is disappointing and offensive and put me down just to worry about it. <br /> <br /> It is a film that throws fifteen buses (more of which has been thrown by Evel Knievel, we were told by Rod) and would like to increase the $ 50,000 to him, a stingman Rod Kimble, the story creates the child's expected life-saving heart surgery; He was reinstated and respected once to fight his offspring. because to win respect, you need to fight them first. Huh? No matter what. Each character is not as exciting as the bead bull and the jokes of the film are not more interesting than the ridiculous results, and each scene is played as an unusual and very rigid SNL skate. <br /> <br /> Andy Samberk, the star of the film, showed an extremely effective way to influence the screen: "Adding an extra 85 minutes is actually a drop of comedy capabilities." Unfortunately, really humiliating his exhausted joke, including a five-year-old man's innocent raw poop and pee-pee gags, and if it's frustrating, grab a café, hide your face, and make yourself amuse yourself to the real blow: In order to get rid of their killing, I would not miss the roles of Samberk's co-star and the second part of The Lonely Island, directed by Akiva Shafer as director, or a comedian, mainly a comedy-comedy comedy Maybe he can do something to cancel Everything is perfectly illustrated here, and it looks like the movie is so fun, do you even have a laugh on it, or have you fooled yourself in another movie? ANY other films.
