Orca begins as the Irish captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew is trying to catch a big white shark, and, unfortunately, shark was killed by a Killer Whale when Ken was attacked by a marine biologist called Robert Carradine , which enhances Nolan's interest in the Killer Whales and has determined that he wants to capture it instead. However, while trying to do so, a pregnant woman puts her fetus on the deck, and insults her husband, Nolan, tells her to return to the sea to know what the honey is. Male Killer is dissatisfied with the whale at least and kills one of Nola's crew before reaching Canada's Newfoundland land, once Killer Balina is attacking the city and wanting to punish Nola <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Michael Anderson, this terrible Armenianism is terrible thought, sorry, but I thought it was just ridiculous and totally boring 90 minutes in a modest minute. Written by Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati, the producer, I can not take it seriously, and if I need to listen to Charlotte Rampling, how cleverly Killer Balina will just scream. I'm sorry, but I do not believe that a Killer Whale is clever enough to know who owns any particular ship, if I knew there was no way on the earth if I did not believe that a Killer Whale could cause a big explosion, including burning a lubricant inside a wall, but do not believe that a Killer whale can set up someone else's house, I know there is someone there, and then I'm aiming, I do not believe a Killer Whale can move a refrigerator around the boat to catch a ship, and I can physically recognize the Killer Whales and I do not believe in this revenge instinct, or at least do not believe anyone who favors this terrifying movie. Maybe a little tough, there's only one movie, but it's a movie that's trying to be serious, and there's only one thing I want Killer Balina to write a letter to Nolan: her plan and hands (or should be fin ), seemingly smart enough to do something else. They wanted to come up with a cold cold treat! Seriously, something more than anything in this film is a comment. I found the film with a very boring, totally boring and terrible character that did not appear on the screen. <br /> <br /> Guardian Anderson Spielberg says this dirty film has absolutely no stability, fears, tension, or atmosphere. All attack scenes are swollen and dull enough to be completely forgotten; they are not packed and Orcâ € ™ s not eating a single person actually has no payment. Then it seems to me that there are scenes that make me laugh, Killer Balina's shots to cry for pure comedy, and when I try to show "loving" and "caring" pair, I have two Killer Whales's opening scenes, but I think we are the closest man We will not go to Killer Whale porno, sad stuff. The images of Killer Whales are similar to the ones that fulfill their imagination and increase their scenes around it, and are not boring, just as a horrible wildlife documentary that has little to do with anything else. Do you give me the impression that you do not like this movie? Well, good. Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, there is nothing surprising about Orca, I think, but it's flat, soft and completely unforgettable. Cinematography is very nice though. <br /> <br /> Orca is a nude Jaws rip-off, which is totally ignored or confused by everything that made Spielberg's movie very good. everywhere for bad movie lovers. Jaws is not as bad as it is, though it is definitely recommended: The Revenge (1987).
