This is an interesting movie - especially for old movies and historians (second). In the first half of the 20th century, unfortunately, Black Americans were not included in the White Theater. As a result, Black Theater servers wanted to show films showing black experiences and black actors. In many cases, films mostly fit the Hollywood standard, but with more, lower budget and overall heart rate. You really do not blame movie artists - they just did not have money and resources for a medium-motion movie company. As a result, they were forced to give a little less - reassuring to stock actors, rebounds, and FAST needed for re-drawing scenes! This film worked hard to become a Black Edition of Gene Autry, instead of Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a lightweight man from a mixed ancestor and played a role in several similar cowboys. Each reads a little, fights a bit (though very bad) and loves it a bit - everything in a cowboy. Do not believe Jeffries can not live at age 96. <br /> <br /> The overall imagination was impossible from an Autry picture - from the West to anachronistic items like the phone! The problem shines through a low budget despite its similarity. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) drew a few lines, but just left it, the battle scenes were totally unchoreographed and the movie was among the worst, there were some single field holes, the background music was strangely quiet, and the player was terrible. <br /> <br /> Now, this does not mean that this movie is not worth it - it just keeps it at a higher level with technical problems. A reviewer, in a strange way, shot this movie down to 10! How can this be all the problems? However, despite the many problems, I can understand the person who loves the film. The solution is generally pretty good, I like the characters, the musical numbers are good, and you know that people who make the film work so hard, and that's a very important part of American history. But 10! <br /> <br /> Probably a bit of a cast, too long, lean and nearly whitewashed Jefferies is a short, dumpy and pretty brother of the dark Mantan Moreland! Also, Spencer Williams can get acquainted with you. Andy played in Andy at Amos TV.
