I almost saw it in an actual cinema (an art house theater, at least!), But could not make it there for a week of playing, but yesterday I finally saw it on the cable and ... well ... I'm not disappointed, I'm sure! Madonna did it again: A BOMB! When will this woman learn? When will studios learn? (Probably, this film was largely destroyed and fatal rumor). Hopefully, she hoped to achieve the leadership of her talented husband, who created some interesting and / or very entertaining work. Madonna showed the same quality at "Susan Susan Susan"; Unfortunately, not just does he mean that he is in the worst condition: his impetuousness of his own greatness, his leanness in every frame, and his dragged mistake were not further resolved with English accents. the only voice spoken is that quality is not good and is not particularly pleasant, it emphasizes the truth. This is unnecessary, cruel, but LINKI can be addressed to woman and watch LOOK in her films over the past decade: Bette Davis, like the last day, has a clear brittleness of her face and body, not just the stone but also the hot photography but only saving grace), it does not give any good. For his credit, he is so misbegotten that he is a great miracle that the world's biggest actress can do with this confusion on the best day of all work. No one runs sadly: Bruce Greenwood really looks painful on the screen, though, poor Jeanne Tripplehorn, in fact, cares for me for a while, as if in a really good thing, "Denial is not just a tea, Egypt!" Italian star Adriano Giannini, the son of Giancarlo Giannini, is quite attractive and not as bad as his predecessor (although he won the Razzie nomination for "the worst actor"), but almost everything about this production goes back to Madonna, responsibility is felt. Why her? Why her husband Guy Ritchie? In your opinion, who was behind this remake? What would not the actress want to be centralized about every film shot? Oh sure, Ritchie deserves some sins: no doubt he or someone - everyone! - should have a shoulder and should be on the edge of his shoulder and insist on something on the border of ACTUAL FEELING with his linear readings (his performance was so wooden that the rest of the driver was surprised) a view of the heat ... but he's a cinematic black hole It seems to be continuous to make things happen. Moreover, and beyond anything, this is definitely a space project for his star, and this is the result of it. Such a movie should be a "pair of pairs" of classes, war, light and entertaining, sensitive to each other, even romantic, sparkling in dialogue, different people are closed, really? Honestly, I do not think everyone is fully aware of their voice; what comedy (I do not invite once to laugh) or as romanticism (Madonna's ice-prince regime prevents any chemistry). It is not a bad thing for us to enjoy our extreme cinema lovers. The real shame ...
