Over the years, Madonna has tried to show her public opinion, not her self. <br /> <br /> If she is not the star of any movie, it may look better: if you wait for her followers to tell SUSAN (1985) or their LEGACY (1992), she comes off really well looking. As the story turns into other actors, the weight of expectation is usually removed from the shoulder. <br /> <br /> It is desirable to be the star of the film regardless of the unhappy film. Whether it is at the center of an area that needs to be visualized, good, mediocre or horrendous, it must behave in a similar manner to actual movie performance, unlike video performance. This is an important difference between Madonna and Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The latter is an addendum to the film's being a complete bomb, even though the movie is unsuccessful (because it does not affect us because of the visual story, or because the script is dropped or the actress does not fall). Both Davis and Streep received their shares: Bette, with BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989), who had a longer career than Streep; Streep at SHE-DEVIL (1989). In addition, Madonna, at least, of course, is a talented actress, especially if she has forgotten the uniqueness of the film and disrupted her performance. he keeps himself in someone else, like Woody Allen, like VIDEO ALLENI on his screen, even once in an unwanted classic, with his spell on his ability to deliver another person, spending more and more <br /> <br /> So here he is again trying again he is trying to prove what he can do, but it is a bit stiff, perhaps even frustrating. actually a two character film. Guy Ritchie, well-known for early-action filmmaking, describes a story close to one of Michaelangelo Antonioni's or Ingmar Bergman's favorite, who can easily tell a fairy tale of two people. And in the 89th minute, when the events take place in the last half an hour, and when the story enters a dramatic turn, it is not sincere. Ever since Fay Dunaway discovered Laura's love for Tommy Lee Jones suddenly in Laura MARS (1978) EYES, this should be at the highest level of 180 degrees, since it is an absolute witch with no irreversible values, all at once. In the middle of the film, Adriano Giannini's wrong turn is equally unsatisfactory - there is no humor and when it really feels psychopathy and gives Madonna love, it's too early to believe. Moving to the visual assembly of slow music and lovers and beautiful decorations could have been a story from this transformation to a story of love and a story that they discovered each other. /> <br /> We are trying to bring an unpleasant end to the film - it just drags it out, it's drowning, and it's time to film when it's hoping for Madonna's hopes for a close-up. very hard work. Many actresses did very well to do very little. <br /> <br /> Hers is a performance that stands in the late 20s and early 30s. <br /> <br /> Can the movie be the better? Of course. There are numerous ways in which the viewer can make a movie that feels that these people can hope to see at least one another - for example, OVERBOARD (1987). Although two different people should trust each other, it would have been an inheritance incarnation that would not necessarily change (to provide moral tone). Many dialogues and unnecessary erotic scenes, like PERSONA (1966), could have been preserved for more "silent" movie appearances. Giannini's character could have been even a tension that ensured that Billy Zane had a sequence, as in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it was done as a sex fraud, it would work better for Madonna, moreover, uber-controlled strangely enough to earn her income. However, it is hidden behind the vegetation with a soft side of it, with at least one appearance, and is really similar to that of a sex fight without Giannini's own character.
