Why I wonder why I do not love Peggy Sue, when I first came out in 1986, I got married with all my consciousness. Fortunately, I did not extinguish the character of Nic Cage. Do not go away. The territory seemed unreasonable. Then came the question of the end of the loans: what was this movie? What was not it? Unfortunately, there was nothing to answer. I really do not think that this movie is not intended to make a statement; if life is your life, no matter what happens, it is necessary to correct the same mistakes as you do not look at bread, pit. " It is not a very deep statement, and I'm sorry, this film is not deeply prepared. The writing is simply not good. The target can not be leveled and can happen at a strange time. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, it was just something worthwhile in the film, and in spite of inaccuracies, unexplained, he did something miraculous. <br /> <br /> He finally cleared my mystery for the main reason I did not use this movie anymore. He says that in his biography, Cage's uncle called "his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) at every step of the way to Coppola, and called it "foolish." His voice was trembling, corrosive and unnatural. and his character was indifferent and excessive as a young man.I understand what he thinks: the young man who builds his own karma for his future failure is not as warm as he thinks, but he is on the boat, his path is abrasive, effective but instead of listening to his uncle, instead of "fighting with the man," we had a more pleasing film, Cage slips a little with sounds in the movie, and sometimes it is a real person, and these scenes can expect more from others, but if I did not exactly watch the movie , myself, in the scenes that are more influenced by someone in LA INI wanted to pour water on the line. <br /> <br /> The film, does not target to make a statement, not a point, Cage, while the impression of a demented Elvis (but silent) is great to look at, and with the exception of the compound and a waste of time. Given all this, Kathleen Turner is an Oscar in this darkness of the film. Unless I like Turner and want to pick up all his scenes from a distance, I will not spend two hours on anyone watching it. Believe that you will not miss the stage by jumping from other scenes and it will be so meaningful. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner receives criticisms from Cage's interpretations of many excuses, and this proves that he is strong enough to be honest and that he is hell with other people's comments. Go, Turner! I'm not particularly a fan of this actress or actress, but his happiness is refreshing. Cage's player can be good to get bored and does not work here. At least we know why this movie is now.
