NIGHT EVELYN GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy, 1971). <br /> <br /> The awesome DVD-Video (poorly-rendered) video footage of Alpha Video, but as I have seen, no Shame is not quite interested in buying the new DVD version. Given their excellent traces, it will undoubtedly be a major development on all previous releases. <br /> <br /> Spaghetti West's star Anthony Steffen is not paying attention to the ridiculous cover of the movie. Lord Alan Cunningham, a haunted man with a hip hairdo and his dead wife Evelyn's memoirs (a girl holding Jim Carrey's head). This leads to a nervous breakdown in a psychiatric clinic. Cunningham, after his release, takes this trauma to the edge of the village by screaming and exposing them to brutal acts of torture. His physician and friend, Richard Timberlane (what means the name of Italy's horrific names), advises him to forget his past and remarriage, but Cunningham is dissatisfied with Evelyn and even séance in the castle. Finally, after killing some of her daughters, she meets Gladys, gets another red head and gets married right away, but the arrival of her new spouse reveals some of the worst incidents. Bloodthirsty creatures strike at Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Cunningham visits Evelyn's grave and sees more embarrassment. Soon, a number of "strangers" began to doubt that things were happening in the tower, and Lord Cunningham's treatment could not have been successful anymore. <br /> <br /> Emilio Miraglia's director, Giallo, is limited to successful conventions trying to blend the horrors of Gothic. As usual, a little effort has been made to convince the film audience to be in English. The car moves right on the road, everyone looks at the Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is patently italy. This is an extensive experience in the Italian horror, but sometimes it is slightly farther away. The bad print was so tired, so it was so dark that she could not see much of the environment. But then, a type of film that could happen something in the name of exploitation and reflect the truth is not really the matter. A large part of the castle consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the torture chamber, Anthony Steffen, who takes a lot of time in this way and operates some terribly. In my opinion, all this depends on the position of your thoughts and if you are in the right spirit this may be a fun game. I just could not get it, at least I was not following the post. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- Last Minute Newspaper Cufflinks About Celebration of Prayer Times
