This film is a distortion of many distortions under the name of the "sins" of the consumer. Recall that the actor (Bill Talen) Billy Billy is more than a bureaucrat against consumer fraud. We would like to ask you a question: What does Reverend Billy do for you? How does it earn money? Does he make a living with 'tax deductions'? How does internal income justify this as a 'tax off' church or institution? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Milad's trade is a year in which people have a year of charity and allow large numbers of people to spend time with their family or friends, or large families. Everyone is not a philanthropist. Everyone does not have time with family, friends, or family. But holidays and holidays give people the opportunity and opportunity. Yes, America is more than the share of problems - but with great regret, Americans always face great difficulties. And even in times of sedition, America has proved to be the world's largest country. This happens when Americans share one another and have nothing to do with sharing and division. Yes, there are problems with corporations and brokers, but Americans will take care of people living in our individual communities, along with their ethics, to restore small businesses. Yes, globalization has contributed to us, but Americans will have to bring back American production. Americans and the US Government need to learn, regardless of how large or small the budget is, and stop dependence on credit. We will remove credit dependence from cradle to grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely on less credit. And even if we can save a small amount, we will have a rainy day. On the contrary, as Americans, we will have the equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. However, stratification teaches us that only a small part of Americans have the largest portion of American wealth. You have reached the upper, middle class level or have a good affinity. And who knows what can be there?!? Be positive, work hard and at least, you and I would not have at least (if not all) our dreams. Nothing in life is guaranteed, but we always have something to achieve. And if you do not have a dream, we can be dead. There is always a place in America for hopes and desires. <br /> <br /> Some of us are part of the package, but we can always be the leader of the package. <br /> <br /> Churches and religions do not offer anything more than distortions. to gain respect and respect for people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But since there are distortions inside this film, I have no confidence in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I came across 10 of this movie - but with all honesty and truth, this movie is worthy of zero. This film has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
