No movie in the movie starring Madeleine Carroll can be viewed. Well, I have to add that this English movie is approaching. The story takes place on board the "SS Atlantic" and is probably based on the unfinished journey of the "Titanic". It is said without words, the liner shoots an iceberg, and we hear the voice of a heavenly chorus say, "My God is near to you." Destroyed passengers ultimately accept the sound of the vote wisely and anthem. The year in which the film will be released (1929) means that a modern viewer accepts most other mute and silent films and most actor conventions on stage. These are not problems. The film's main flaw is pacing and the pacing was quietly developed. However, if the dialogue is conveyed at real speed, the film's duration will be halved. The goal was drama drama (and a new clarity), but the result is unpleasant. The structure of the film is not complicated and complicated. Paradoxically, from the technological point of view, I found some details of the modern adjustment: sharp, sharp pieces, from one area of ​​the ship to another, and sometimes even to sound effects. Although the first shooting was on board the Atlantic, I had been in the movie for four minutes before revealing this fact. The ship's dance orchestra has long, intrusive music links. (Entertaining, easy voice). Personal stories are completely unusual and impartial. Do not even think about watching. Berge is a small thing and the external damage to the hull is a small one. However, passengers entering firefighting scenes - probably staged on a real liner on a dock - create a great excitement. Except for the magnificent Miss Carroll, these sequences are just the peculiarities of the movie. Near the end of the film and ship, when the energy generators fail, they are completely black on the screen several times. Their last, everlasting darkness is an endless effect, with the end of the film, one sunset / shedding of the sun. "Atlantic" is a cinema curiosity. At best. <br /> <br />
