I played a leading role at Wright State University in Ohio and yesterday, unfortunately, was able to watch this godless film in the classroom. We were informed by our professor that it would be very funny for us, but we are watching it because it was one of the first voicemails - a complete disaster. Early Voice Problems The Hollywood actors knew just how silent films would be and the lines were not good to remember. Thus, producers and administrators are looking for a scene to get the actors. Looks like a good idea, right? Well, a scene on the stage does not look very good on the stage. Most actors of the Atlantic are looking at a single game and sound that it causes many laughs. Another limitation to the early film was the microphone technology. Today, you have not been able to move like mikes, you have to keep them static or you can get the airplane sound. This movie has a mike used on any stage. There is a guy sitting at a table at a certain stage. Someone goes to him and sells his lines and then goes away. Another actor comes behind him, gives the line, and then goes away. This is the case for a few people. <br /> <br /> This is just technical problems. If you go into the story and the direction, it gets worse. This story is a fictional account of events taking place in the Titanic. The characters are incredible and meaningless. The film does not have a "story" about a deceitful man and his wife. This is solved with difficulty and first of all it is wondering why it is there. Players fighting for high drama are pregnant and pregnant several times between lines. Wait for this tedious and 90 minutes (at least 180 parts) movie to end. Meanwhile, I do not want to talk much about racism in our country, but there are only two castles in the whole film and they are described as animals. Both were pushing for women and children to cross and take one of the animals. They were commanded to stop or shoot them and, of course, they were not shot. <br /> <br /> I will give this movie 2/10. I could give it 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but since I was one of the first soundtracks, I gave it a point and tried to put it in the context. If you want to see a good early movie, look at Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail" in 1929. You will see that the best directors can immediately adapt to new technology.
