I really do not know how to start with one of the worst films I've ever been facing for a long time. Everyone who visits London for 1 day will be satisfied with the receipt which is quite clear and clear ... London is not. Snipe's character is a very unexplained way of returning to the United States without a single problem. She then assured her of the daughter and grandmother to visit her in America, and grandmother agreed on the earth ... she is a conspirator! Well, how it ends in the movie, unfortunately, this is not a better thing. We have British police who have an incredible number of cars, but I'm sure that eighty one was thrown into the cabin after Vauxhall Belmont's appointment, but the modern Subaru Imprezza had been dismissed from prison earlier. S019 or those with a gun in the hands they saw they wanted to shoot the gun, along with the CIA along with Snipe, fled in the streets with their weapons flying happily. There were children going around, but the police were still saying that they shot a shot in order to shoot it, would it be in London? No, I live there. Within 5 minutes of receiving the call, we know the London airport (for example, Hitrou). We also have terrifying American attitudes, a girl who is a pawnbroker compared to the Queen, but a girl living in Elephant & Castle. What does British police say when Snipe's helicopters and some officers do not find Snipe's place and can hide behind some ladder? There was no such thing on the British station on the Qatar station and the sound effects on the battlefield were horrible. The area was extremely weak and boring, and it was written a thousand times better and filmed. But there are some well-known actors in this movie, what they are thinking and do not let you watch this movie! This movie, I did not know what it wants, if you draw attention to the dramatic aspect of the assignment, then you'll see it if you need a strong, sharp decoration and setting, and accept it, and make a mistake. If you want a whole action movie (this is not), then it can be given to sustainability and decoration.
