And finally, old, old Michael Corleone falls and goes on "THUMP"! Whom did the text really give to this last part of the Godfather epic? Probably the same staff working as "the world is back". This flick is not worthy of "Salvation". Let's call "The Nostra's Cousin" or "All My Capos". Like someone who has encountered a number of mafia peoples in my business life, I can say without exception that I have never seen any temple that is contradictory and thoughtful like Michael Corleone. Come on, these guys are just in the mafia, because they're hungry, there's nothing else. In this film, Don Corleone spent a lot of time thinking about his past deeds and his reasonable future, possibly Afterlife, and then quickly completes some fantastic business deals or orders such or such a great man to die. time operator, deep down. Then, there's a failed marriage. After the breaking scenes in G2, we can hope Michael & Kay come together as a man and a spouse, but here it is very good, platonic comrades may seem to laugh, cry, and share sincere thoughts about their lives. Scenarios try to make Michael a woman. It's a strange behavior for two people who have shared their passion for nine years. There are some mistakes here and there, or maybe the writers' sins. An old, old country, beautiful Sophia Coppola, plays a desperate role and emotes "lines" that a young woman with a very short line does not fit in what she can say in everyday conversations. The "passionate" lovemaking scene with Andy Garcia looks like something like a cute teenage sexual comedy like chewing their open-burnt kisses and backsides each other on the kitchen drainage board such as marionettes ... Scullery was brought beautiful by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, just laughable. Then there is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, which plays a difficult and unforgettable role. He is expected to be new, new Don Corleone, but he's almost put on a silver tile, and all 5 families in G1 should do little to strengthen his position, as opposed to Michael's simultaneous strikes. This hand-me-down process can be a reliable way of transferring power to a Mafia Family, but why is it getting much of this drill routine? Undoubtedly one day Don Vincent can win the respect of fellow robbers, but there are few verses in the script to give this youngster a portrait. Puzo made a wonderful job in G1 to develop Michael's character quickly and easily. However, there is no economy in G3's story, and we are suffering from exposures that we have just wanted to buy. Thirdly, George Hamilton, Robt Duvall's Tom Hagen, did not get a job as a family lawyer after abandoning the third installment. George had reasonably justified his role, so he went out without harming the actor. Connie Corlejo's character is interested in developing, but when he takes matters into his hands, he is farther away (he could have started to sleep with Fredos if he were real world). But not everything is bad. Assassination at hotel penthouse is sleepless! Also, the words or words "they pull me back" are a great line. Although they were completed in 1989, though they have modern car and hair straighteners, we restore the sense of an old country as we came to return to Sicily. In the 1980s Banco Vaticani's plot line covering the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church, based on some actual financial shenanigans, is quite interesting, but it is a very spectacular death scenario, and so on. Opera scenes are very dramatic and attractive. However, the scene of Mary's death is an emotional manipulation attempt in a good way. All scenarios need to learn that there is no need for more or more deaths in order to succeed in achieving a successful mafia film. Kay is sorry that her daughter is dead, she plays so flawlessly, but Michael's reaction is a hammy, a hell, a devil. Then Michael died alone in Sicily in the 21st century, in a large property, in a heart failure ... Before his death, he had no grandson, but his wife was not upset. The events that took place in the last 1/2 part of the film led to sleazy small businesses and bloody appetites of all the dirty families brought on the sin by pursuing a man like Michael Rudy Guilliani, Michael then sent RICO recommendations and sent to the Federal prison for life ... then LEAVENWORTH Heart failure can be alive on the dead when mopping an floor in IN. Mafia Dons completed his career in the late 80s and early 90s, and received better treatment than they deserve.
