When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) burns her door in a towel you know that Barbara Stanwyk does not have a hypnotic consciousness like a talented actress like Eggar. And it's not entirely the fault of Eggar. In the original film, Wilder Stanwyck was not alone in a towel, but on the second floor of the house he appeared on the balcony. And he does not "quit"; it looks like magic. Walter Neff looks down from the first floor. There is one reason for this. It is much higher than Stanwyck Neff (Fred MacMurray). It's not just a towel. Towels are attractive. Her pose resembles a Greek religious who looks at her domain and strangely manages the whole situation from the beginning. He has sex, even magic, power. This man is not a usual housewife. <br /> <br /> After returning back to 1973, Crenna knocked on the front door. Stanwyck's stand-in, Eggar, responds to the door with a towel around. There is no "look". It just opens the door. In 1944, Stanwyck's first appearance was an attractive preference for the audience, not entirely in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. Kind of a Charlie's Angels can be sexy on the road, but this is almost mysterious. The film's cinematographers did not understand Wilder's point. The scenario could say "Phyllis looks in a towel" so they follow the instructions of remix filmmakers and include the necessary iron. This point is not a towel. This point is Phyllis's mysterious quality and potential. Wilder gave him a towel to add his mystery. Wilder did this because Remake directors gave him a towel. And the choice of hitting, all Phyllis' mystic lost. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also looks like a miscast. He is "acting" and is not really in the midst of dilemma. Part of the problem seems to be about 70 actors like Crenna. It can not enter the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks to the microphone, it starts dropping due to sweat. Crennada does not have a sweat. They have previously changed one of the crucial lines. In fact, Neff says, "I did not get any money and I did not take the woman." In 1973, Crenna says, "I did not take money and did not want a woman." Have the filmmakers completely misunderstood all points of the story? Or was it for a television viewer? <br /> <br /> This film prepared for the television is read by one another. All the edges of the original are missing. The only commitment, perhaps, is Lee J. Cobb's famous role by Edward G. Robinson. But it can not lose the intensity of the original. In 1973, the drilling method was probably forgotten by those who called the Island of Gilligan. They tried to get "Citizen Kane" or "Wind Walking". If mediation is the best, can you hope, what is the point? It is a film of the classic "F" capital in 1944. This remake for television is worth the "F" class, or perhaps for the nickname "D".
