This 1943 classic 1944 Billy Wilder movie, Voluntary Compensation, is a manual for how to destroy a great script. These class-B TV feeds generally show remakes their hearts. Hollywood accuses and discredits an industry-classic film, after painting black-and-white films and ignoring the widescreen movies shown in pan-and-scan versions. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a classic spring-loaded version is to edit the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler cut off the movie for half an hour to adapt to a certain time slot on the room for advertising. It then updates the product with mild, colorful photography, smart, luxurious sets and TVs with familiar actors. Thus, the new Voluntary Compensation eliminates atmospheric black and white film-noir kinematography that enhances the mood and attributes of the work. Stunning, shady, claustrophobic groups appeared to explain the wishes of the heroes in any way to escape their condition. With erotic attraction between Nees and Phyllis, there was a close relationship between Kees and Neff. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's "Two Guarantee" looks like "Dynasty" rather than the movie. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer home to die for, and Neff's comfortable pad would not be difficult to pay for an insurance vendor's salary, not to mention the converted Mercedes Mercedes's Mercedes's sports car. There is no reason why no character has been killed for $ 200,000. If you do not have money, maybe your love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are as strange as one brother and sister. Crenna does not capture Neffin's kinship, and his double-breasted and sexually-friendly attempts are straightforward. The Eggar is better, and offers unreasonable and manipulative mental inner workings of inaccuracy and depth. Only Lee J. Cobb Keyes can handle creditable performance. Director Jack Smight and his three authors have done a better job. <br /> <br /> There is no good reason to prepare an accident. It is not possible to restore the dudu DVD and fill the duplex package with the original movie. This is the only lesson that can be learned from arrogance, even a great script and a great dialogue can be destroyed by poor casting, undisturbed direction and TV grade production values. In 1973 the name "Voluntary Compensation" should be called "10% Compensation" because it only emphasizes the 100% improvement of the original film.
