Unfortunately, we filmed the shooting of the film we shot at Universal Studios last week. It could have been a metaphor for the second-degree King Kong film by the unmatched director of the Toho studio, Ishiro Handan. In fact, warming to "Godzilla against King Kong". Uses the idea of ​​Mecha-Kong as Mecha-Godzilla. The film is, of course, fighting with Mecha-Kong on the expo tower in King Kong in Tokay, but if you do not know it, maybe it is the age group in which this film is intended. <br /> <br /> At the top of the cast is a boy named Rhodes Reason ... we look at his list, most of whom are scattered American television credits, so it could be a nominal American hero who is interested in driving him to Japan. The true hero of the film is Hiroshi Inagaki's "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also a more sensitive Japanese commander, played by Akira Takarada, where I met the original Godzilla films by Honda. Sorry, although you're the one who has Rodos Reason, this person has more screen presence and you can claim everyone wants to end with a cute little blonde starring by Linda Miller. We laughed at every single time we could find a way between Mason and Takara. Of course, King's core relationship with all King's leading ladies is King himself. He puts a beautiful game: If you really talk with a great ape ... ... really .... slowly ..... he will understand what you say. And if it's a blonde, that means what he will do to him. This fact is Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madam Piranha (Mie Hama) are not missing in the representative of "a nation not named". <br /> <br /> Yes, this is really the plot of the whole film - probably only able to drill these minerals that can be used to make a huge monkey superpower. powerful weapons. Dr. Who set up to build Mecha-Kong, but the circuit is overturned, so they are going to the real congo. <br /> <br /> The Caucasus itself suddenly comes alive in Mecha-Kong, a story that is not followed, although the film is more interesting. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the "Kong" or "King" Kong says that two heroes allow him to read it, and we're talking to all of us, especially as this movie is the most recent version of the story, making it look like a heroic and friendly figure in the character of Kong, which is a suit in a suit is a man and shows the majority of the smuggled face until it can not be taken seriously.It is a nice-looking movie, but I am sure that in many films it provides the wishes and aspirations of fans of such things, which are more wrestling than a monster movie. They were not afraid of films, they just jumped around and push each other to one another. but not as highly predictable and for anyone under the age of 10, it will be fun just like comedy.
