There is no cool, hip, or clever thing about this movie - it shows the ignorance of a similar genre of cinema. Indeed, the main factor in this film is that ugly people, which can easily be forgotten. . . POLITICAL KILLER! We do not want to "become a family" if it is necessary to break up the common strangers for "no family again". Are some of them difficult? <br /> <br /> Why do you welcome this pollution? <br /> <br /> If this artisan can not do you, it's like that! One's head and life must be deeply inaccurate to make this "unusual" cruelty wrong. This is a brainless camera. The true nature of an art work is questioning the status quo from a perspective known by the knowledge of history (or the superiority of any information in this case). Instead, it's simply a random, "hello, to this day, man!" Thanks to empty praiseworthy spirituality, it consists of the most ugly images in a melt world. HAPPEN every day, exactly the same violent events. They are "not alone in the film". They appeal to true spiritless people who give you the same thing. Have you done these things? One child thought of it, he demanded zero imagination, that is not a reality. This lazy shit does not contain anything, it does not say anything - it's the worst of the evening news and something new, and we do not know anything anymore. The director hopes to have an orphaned child, "the new clothes of this emperor," with the pride of this incompetence. </ div> <div style = "text-align: justify;"> </ span> <br /> <div> text-align: justify; there is nothing like this - shock is the only effect of exploitation of violent violence.There is no hidden meaning in this bad movie, it's good to find a movie that you can find creative artistic kinematics, but you need to consider and review a REAL movie section Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky , Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet Why do not you see a REAL art movie that these giants love? This wannabe director, Miike, will make a film of one of the genius listed as he is never just talented! Everyone has a chaotic boke it was touched. Young people can throw together in the afternoon! There is no message, no sense, no plot, nothing. There are long lists of ART movies to learn - but this "Guest Q" is not an art movie in any way. It does not contain any content. This is a terrible horror and a reminder of these ugly murders, these things are HAPPEN everywhere in the world every day. They are not good at being "just in the movie." They appeal to true spiritless people who give you the same thing. Have you done these things? To others? Why? Because the world is already filthy, thanks to people who love it without thinking about such horrible events. <br /> <br /> There are many art films there to use in deconstructing your thinking, but you can free up your abilities with this joke. No deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; why do you continue to work? I've been watching every movie I've been watching for about 40 years and keeping all the new ones, but I've never seen anything so unhappy. It is not imaginable or even shocking because such events occur all over the world. To make or even take a look at this movie, more than 50 young air crashes did not know better to think that it was "cool." Someone may conclude that some of those who have been convicted may have been able to stop the work that the convicted murderers have begun to do to prevent the horrors of this terrible human tragedy. That's what I trust so much. The visitor Q has the original SNUFF movie, FEEL, and I'm not sure if it is still there. <br /> <br /> Your actions are the result, son. The world is already terrible. There may be some violence, or a socially irresponsible director who flips this FAKE Art movie. I believe you do not think it's "cool" when someone hit your head half a mile!
