(ALL MANAGER) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and it was a very beautiful and brutal "Audition," which was to investigate the women's ideals! "Guest Q" - I mean "Visitor Question" - he is very painfully investigating a part of the family. Miikan's inability to see the surface of an inadequate family tends to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and film structure, but ultimately there is no style and intrigue. We've come across some strange scenes from the opening scene with the spouse, Kenichi Endo (pretty good), with whom we have sex with the audience, the girlfriend (Fujiko). Then, when the father returned home, he was hit by a large rock by a "guest" (Kazuši Watanabe), and for some reason both were in the family's home. His mother (Shungiku Uchida) was beaten and obedient by his son (Jun Muto). When a visitor enters the house, he builds himself up as a single unit. Finally, the family helps the visitor to improve his relationships, with his heart, his heart, his murder, and his family's sense of pride. <br /> <br /> There are some other misleading scenes that draw a close family together. It has an unpleasant humor, but it's similarly frustrated and overwhelmingly surprised. There is a very disgusting nekrofiliak scene, but when it comes to the scene, it's ridiculously funny. Partly, the situation itself and partly because film artists and actors do not really believe this! The style of the film is weak to say the least, and the body is foolish and unbelievably weak. The heroes themselves are on the ground, and I understand that it does not mean to be realistic; they all have no interest in the characters and situations facing the frontier on the absurd! The camera work is very important and there is no kinematic sense of Lynch's work. It is difficult to seriously draw this movie with the description of surrealist or family-to-be survey in Japan. Only Miikada seems shocking, and the film "shakes" itself recognizes itself, and it is almost funny to take seriously. In general, I would say that this movie is a strange dark comedy but it feels sensible and does not want to be shocked unnecessarily. Miike's previous film, Audition, was well balanced between the horrible horror, character development, and technique that made the film more spectacular as the audience was preparing to enter the pitch. "Visitor Q" is, in fact, a very tough attempt to confront a very strange and deliberate thing without actually saying a lot of things in this process! <br /> <br /> ***** out!
