Here are the matches. . . (Adv. = Preference) The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Doom Legion) v The Perfect Team (Mr Perfect, Streaming, Smash and Destroy Crush) 3 adv. Warriors) seconds to jump to. I knew that flow was not a good person, but if he had trouble with the card, why? This will be the last PPV. Finally, the Legion of Doom and the Demolition case are cheaply executed by double disqualification (2-1 defenders). Perfect Pink is applied to the Texas Tornado for the perfect pin. He then tried the same thing about the Warrior, but the Warrior never sells it and begins. Warrior comes back with a perfect pin and a splash to get rid of it. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and Hart Foundation v Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): mystery partner The Undertaker and his debut have narrowed the effect of Kokone with Dibiase 4-3 on the Tombstone (Monsoon is still active in claiming that he does not know exactly the height, weight and who he is) Niedhart Power-slams After a short while, Virgil's Dibiase Niedhart (3-2 team Dibiase team) was a runner-up for Honky (3-3) for a pind - he goes beyond the rope, but gently does not attack Brother Love. After the Walkman Dusty and not a legitimate man (2-1 team Dibiase team) Immediately afterwards, Greg is in the cradle, trying to lock the fourth leg by Hart and dropped to Hart and Dibia. After the wrestling, Brett turns the body to the pin by Dibiase Dibiase is the only savior. At least Hart is used well. 6/10 <br /> Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, Superfly 'Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick' Model 'Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): For some time ring, Marty Jannetty, top for pin When it comes out of the rope, it crushes Warlord's power (4-3., Visionaries). Snuka is second by second by Martel, who turns his body on the cross (4-2). Michaels was captured by Power Plex and captured by Rome (4-1 avic. Visionaries). Now, Roberts is against four men similar to the Survivor Series effort two years ago. Roberts Martelin is counted as a chase, though he is hit by the DDT Warlord. Visionaries Survivor Series is the first team ever to live in. I must be honest as I run away like psychology. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, Hacksaw 'Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbar & Haku): A Bossman slam, Haku' August 4-3 Hulkamaniacs ). Duggan takes 4 out of 2 to disqualify the earthquake (3-3). Bravo shortly afterwards committed suicide in his career by allowing Hogan to cradle for pin (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). The Earthquake Bossman soon manages to eliminate the pin with two elbow drops (2-2). Hogan is defeated, and finally, Tugboat (who knows who is at this point?) Gets a sticker, wrestling for about 30 seconds without counting on the earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbar remained. The barbarians are exposed to some of the worst offenses, but they are inevitably drawn to the pin and to the foot drop. Hogan is the only savior. 4/10 <br /> All Mercanaries wore camouflage face painting by Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) and Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express). Lightning fast pins with Simsek Santana, who worked in PPV (4-3 Union Alliance) in recent years. There was not even a Bolshevik accusation. Though Tanga is a legal entity (4-2 ethics union) and Orient Express has been re-packaged, WWF has its latest appearance on PPV, but Bushwhackers hit Sato's Battering Ram. Santana, Tanaka Sato, when Stuns with flying pre-shaft (4-1 Alliance). Although Slaughter is ringing against four men, Volkoffu (the end of this career) eliminates Butch and Luka relatively easily. Finally, when General Adnan struck a flag of Iraq, Santana destroyed Slaughter. Finally, some interesting orders, though the match is terrible. Santana only survived and became the last good time to win. 3/10 <br /> Egg slopes and Hector Guerrero have a silly outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and claims that Piper and Monsoon enjoyed it. Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v: Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Millions Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just Another Fly at least the previous Summerslam defeat (4-3 team Dibiase team) will be punished. Santana is a stunning weapon for pin (4-2 team Dibiase team) after dibiasia. Hogan starts from The Power Plex and continues to close Romance after a dress, killing Power and Glory (3-2 team Dibiase team) effectively. Hogan eliminates Martel by Count-out and Dibiase with a foot drop for the pin (2-1 adv. Hogan team). Hogan finally lets the Warrior of the game, which was soon surrendered to the old Nemesis Hercules after a splash. An extremely predictable end to the point of detection. 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, many matches and very little time had some kind of harmful effect, because wrestlers will remain stranded on a conveyor belt. Many of the hens were dropped by Warrior and Hogan and it was a poor way to handle a large squad of wrestlers.
