Six for one price! So, bonanza time for Cinegoers. Is not it? Here is not one but two, not all SIX love stories, an ensemble of the best stars of bollywood, plus favorite director Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You'll see all kinds of jokes that you love or tolerate over the years. So there is nothing great for you. Do you need anything more? No, sir, thank you. Why sir? Enough enough. Please protect us. Each of the top stars have signed, they need, or have signed, so they do not build, believe, or even star dirty stars. Very crowded here, everything described here is how romanticism was found in the Bollywood textbooks. You need to justify the length of each story, because each star is there. So too long, three hours plus. Gags is filmy. Characters movie. Problems, obstacles, situations, solutions? Yes, you are right, again? The film has been tested and tested. Hundreds of dancers dancing in the background with colorful costumes. Why did not he do another job? All couples are sugary-sweet, fairy tale type, perfect pictures. Everything is good. Any story that begins in a perfect way and therefore should not be perfectly finished? In a very difficult situation. You can not close a story. Everything you see here is a million times. The normal, unusual, inevitable abnormal stories are bloody for over a hundred years since the evolution of the Indian cinema. How does it frustrate the sensitivities of today's audience? Yes, he only paid tribute to the stories of yesteryear, but if it was not investigated yet, he might have worked as parody. At least, Director Nikil Advani should try an unconventional inadequate love story, but then what happens to the tradition of trading bollwood potato brigade brand? Oh! One should go on, no. On the one hand, think on the one hand that it is difficult to sit with such a love story and there are six pains here. I mean the six-nickname story. I mean, chopra's Mohabbatein (2000 years) is a double entertainment. It's age and time, kids get something real. We did not see some colorful people and not seeing such bright stories desperate. Oh, what you said now is fun. My advice, please, do not waste your time reading such studies. Go instead, there are many more fun types! Thank you very much.
