Nikhil Advani has many problems with Salaam-e-Ishq. The concept of a well-line paper on paper (in the previous English film - Love in fact) is quite wrong with a groundless and neat writing. A good idea is to smithereens under the weight of his longing. The first director, who is the director of the first directing director, combines with the devices running in the previous movie (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try counting the number of split screens to use this number. Problem - A fantastic movie shot at Kal Ho Na Ho, Karan Johar was the emotional limit of the film arts school, but here 'emotion' does not give us an appearance on the screen - not even faithfully. The writer / director gives us six connections with 'a common problem - love', but where is the 'feeling' where the intensity is, the depth? 'Sans emotion to love' a haray? And going on and on ...... Nah, just can not work! In my opinion, the main requirement for a portmanteau film is that it should not be 'complete' of every individual story - in a way or other way - the traditional three action structures (screen writing group, Syd Field ' Paradigm). This is the reason why Salaam-e-Ashq did not work for me. None of the stories went deep into the depths or rocks that did not feel the deep Indian cinema waiting for. Also, the connection between some stories seemed less and less compelling. It is unclear what Salman Khan will do in Ayesha Takia's marriage. If you need to be ready for the wedding scene, why do not you just throw a few pieces and bring the other two pairs? <br /> Yes, some stories have pledged much. First, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla is a very realistic situation - it tries to solve the medium-term crisis, but it's the line that you're interested in whether it's really a matter. Similarly, the Akshaye Hanna-Ayesha Takia story is a challenge to life. If only slightly improves. I have looked at stories that are more promising in this rumor, but it is a great thing to do, but it reduces the emotional part of stories, because the female characters, especially Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia - The depth of a half full wind. Was it to be '12 different lives' in this movie? Actors now. Vidya Balan is always safe and pleasing. Anil Kapoor takes only one role for him, sometimes overwhelming his character. Juhee Chawla is used to cover his charming smile and natural play style, since he has no character. Akshaye Hannah is beautiful despite having to overlap on several occasions. Ayesha Takia does not have much to do, but she remembers that Dorun is the same girl who is surprised by her bravura performance. Govinda Bhagam tries to prepare for this great mistake, called Bhag, and succeeds greatly. <br /> It brings me the most irritating way of the movie (which ends the hogging process that most hits the screen) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The road mainly irritates them. But I need to give them credit to adjust them. They are all consistent BAD through the movie. Priyanka could have been a good source of queen - I did not hear her role (an 'mad girl') on top of her. Some say that he is kind to him, because the character demands it and makes it smoother. You'll see what Rakhsi Sawant (who looks like an inspiration behind this role) and Bigg Boss see what I mean. I feel strongly that the story would have worked better if it was more than Rihi Sawanti, a big star like Nikhil Advani Priyanka. The perfect accents of Salman's khan ..... are good, but Shannon Esra is less stressed than the Hindi language. <br /> <br /> Allows you to add good leadership touches to the movie for the director to be fair. Like the color that happens in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla, I liked the use of gray, like the bright colors that came to the story with the arrival of a metaphor and other woman for their boring. But will everyone decorate their homes in gray colors? It can be accepted movie document. But if the film lasts for about 4 hours, the director feels very hard to give a look of "touch" in the uninspiring sequence of the audience. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to stay in the theater for as long as possible - pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
