The concept of this horror movie for television is laughable, but in the late 1970s, and literally all foolish terrible formats are so damnable, so why not exploit the idea of ​​a satirical dog? "Devil Dog" is easy to describe the fans of the horror genre: simply replace the "Omen" and the newborn baby boy with the German Shepard pups slot! Seriously, I'm joking, it's about the movie! In the opening sequence, a female dog takes on a dog for the members of a certain evil devil's religious community to be formed by Satan himself. The darkness of the Lord may think more than just taking offense with his compassion and throwing the world into a bad puppy, but invisible. In exactly the smallest "Daman", Omen, one of the puppies is taken by a fashionable family and grows up to be a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucky? Do you have a dog? clean, filthy, and annoying annoying neighbors and funny schoolteachers in derivative and fully implemented ways. He also injures his wife and children, but he can not force his father (Richard Crenna) to wipe his arm like a "meadow" because he is "chosen." Crenna finally gets too moronic for all the words while traveling to find Ecuador's ancient wall paintings, and gets an advice from the perfect English speaking old witch doctor. I think he lived in isolation on a mountain all his life. The director Curtis Harrington ("What's with Helen", "Ruby") and leading actor Richard Crenna ("Wait until Dark", "The Evil") try to create a desperate suspenseful and mysterious atmosphere, but not all idle. Like the cute puppy eyes, scenes can be fired by a Spanish servant or even a bullet to shoot bullets without replacing the bullets, and even music music melodies can not be a chance. Especially when the devil is turned into a shadow of a sharp wall, "special" effects are painful. "The Devil Dog" is really a dumb movie, but it's definitely not fun to watch overnight even with some friends and drinks. Terrible religious queen and R.G. as well as Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") have short-term entertainment. Armstrong ("Car", "Pak") is a bad fruit, vegetables and dog salesman. Yes, his unhappy daughter, Carpenter, is the same child complaining about ice cream in the "Terrible 13 attack."
