'Our Baby Baptists' is the best film. Now, with this terrible mistake that you have to deal with when you speak, I have come to your attention with a statement that I am briefly summarized as an abusive, ambitious, and boring hunter who thinks I can think of a movie. First of all, the low budget of this stinker is very clear on the basis of the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa and the extreme preaching, bright and stylized scenario set by F. Mathew Smith. I really hate Mormon, and I never hate any kind of religious message. Yes, the story is about half a small town filled with Mormons and about half filled with Baptists. This shows all the main and role model characters of Mormon, and although they are very beautiful and perfect, they are chosen by the bad, attractive and judged Baptists. Just as the Mormons were beautiful and how cold and ignorant Baptists were, it would be appropriate and realistic to show a little solidarity. I'm a part of a religion (actually an atheist), but it made me very uncomfortable, possibly a large number of Baptists. Baptists show that the Mormons are very unopened and unwelcoming, and while still accepting Mormons, there is, in fact, a mutual / unpleasant thing between them. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of "Hairdressers in our barbeque" did not pay much attention to me, but it was a player. Performance is more amateur and non-natural, especially from the female lead, Heather Beers. Miss Beers pushes her way without any passion or sense of her role, and I'm not really upset with Dan Merkli, the main character of this movie, but I have to say that he is more capable, or Heather Beers is more talented in this film. He was the father of a city sheriff. Maybe it's a small laugh inside the movie, but it's full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), always finds her magnificent with a native American who gives her the best advice on a tribal lifestyle - what is this cliche? To make the situation worse, Tartan's poor receive a single dog dog dog. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far as Hairdressers are at our barbeque. I saw it on the shelf and thought it was a little bit of a lovely and exciting little about religion. All I got was a good thing. Lesson: D- <br /> <br /> my rating book - A + (absolutley flawless); A (a masterpiece, close to perfect); A- (excellent); B + (large); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointment); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutley scary); F (Hollywood's nerve is not a quality in this hunt).
