As expected, the Mazursky film, which was shot in the 70s, would have many hippies, anti-hippies, sympathetic to hippia, and, naturally, childhood anti-authoritarian (for example, discovered a small Sutherland special officer on the Mexican border and then (Sutherland ) He is the only one who is guilty of opening his luggage because he has long hair, and if the left wing dropper could get my nerves, I have not been prepared for it; Sutherland's family and friends sound with potential movie ideas for the next movie, and most of these ideas are about Gypsies or Hindus (which would be welcomed with open arms today in Hollywood), one of his film's thoughts on black-and-whistling at Beverly Hills - LA in the midst of a conversation, which is the nonsense he thinks of writing a script for Mazursky's movies Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends enjoy the purpose of this black revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; After a while, the Jewish man conveyed a Latin gossip about preparing Susterland's "masturbation and black problem" film. <br /> <br /> Sotherland's brother says, "We, South Africans, are black ..." when they staged a scene with their white schoolmates. Hollywood Hollywood determines that Hollywood is always satisfied with the Hollywood movie when creating Hollywood movie about the movie about Hollywood. Now, this is a very, very self-entrancing, indeed. The scene with Fellini (playing himself) is more entertaining than boring. Mazursky drank soup with standard floral children and anti-Vietnam, and enjoyed Hollywood, but she was part of a "fake Hollywood" (lyrics from the original song). Thankfully, he is talking fake about Beverly Hills parties, or shakes hands with those who do not know or love him, but his money is his next (left wing) project. As for his hair: he has the worst hair I've ever seen for a long time (in the film or elsewhere); If it grows for a long time, it looks like a long hairstyle for a middle-aged accountant. The film is relatively inexpensive, but is a bit drowning in the last 3 years. If you would like to read parody and biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), please email me.
