As with any movie genre, there are also good gangster films and bad gangster films. If you wanted me to call a good gangster movie, I would like to choose one of them. If you ask me to call a bad gangster movie, it's probably the first movie in my mind that I've been watching for the first time and last for a week as I promised you. The film is "General", which does not belong to the 1926 silent film of the same name. <br /> <br /> This is a very good dry, very slow gangster epic. She did not raise questions about the story, but why she chose this influential act of the film industry? <br /> <br /> Two good films, Goodfellas (1990) and American Gangster (2007) were shown. "General" is based on real people and real events. The film turns around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who stole food as an adolescent, and then began a long chain of people moving to museums and robbing houses like adults. Along with that, a police officer named Kenny (John Voight) runs hopelessly and strongly for proving one of his crimes and condemning him (or killing) him. <br /> <br /> Perhaps there is a movie in the same movie as well as Goodfellas (1990) and the first two "Grandfather" movie, I was expecting a lot from the General. But it can easily go on. It would be a bad movie if I did not see the above masterpiece before a long time before this stage was over, and as long as the bad scenes began to shout. Let's start to beat the film by looking at the style presented by the movie. For some reason, film director John Boorman and cinematographer Seamus Deasy chose this film to choose a black-and-white movie, whose style and presentation were clearly elements of a full-color color film. Now, there is nothing against modern-day paintings or even pictures. "Schindler's List" (1993) was more than ninety percent of black-and-white films and is a work. Five years after "Schindler's List" was called "General". Cinematography has been blown up with high-lighting buttons that are very entertaining and are just as nervous as the many video games I've found. Cinematographers actually went to a realist documentary, like the Schindler's List, but failed with a documentary and at the same time it did not seem to be a very classic film. Speeches in the film are from poor to poor. Brendan Gleeson and John Voight gave a decent enthusiasm for their role, but sometimes, as I have seen, they even began to flee from the magnificent scenarios that they quoted. Sound design is also very primitive, probably attempting to commit a crime in the '40s, but it is also unsuccessful because it still looks like many pictures and looks great from the ground. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing is that there is nothing I can feel about any feeling or thought in the movie. In fact, the only thought that goes through my mind for every moment is "okay?" The moments that may seem shocking or confusing in a better movie are fun and time consuming, as I have been cynical and boring, as Cahill's character is flattering, or I have patiently endured Brendan Gleeson's character, Gleeson just played the general penalty, and the real Martin Cahill did not shoot with the obvious impact.When a character was killed (always in gangster films) we will not feel anything, no regrets, no comfort, no surprise, no Something we just said "what" and we did it all during the very poor, very poorly prepared movie.
