One woman wrote and one directed by another. Solve it. We are going to a feminist ride or why. <br /> <br /> When it comes to this difficulty, Trish faces a man in the employment agency, takes care of himself, looks like a pimp (!) dress, and gives her a job with hope to achieve it after a while. In his office, he touches a megalomaniacal weight in the Bond film and touches a girl after being ready to kill her with Bond. After a while, the mice / businessmen place Trish in the dressing room of the women, harass them, and even approach him. Oh, these bad, bad guys. These are all bad, you know. Are you looking for a real job without rape, true women? Yes, we'll show them! There is a divorced woman or something in this movie that Janet Leigh is heading for, referring to all women participating in this film as "all men". He hates the horrible people; five times divorced. Now serious: Any woman who has been married twenty times and then using those statistics as an argument that all men are "bad" understood that the explanation could lie elsewhere? That's why: a) a bad ruler of a man's character or more likely - b) it is impossible to live with negative emotions - his old husbands were probably victims, or maybe he probably deserves it . (Do not you like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor's dissatisfaction?) Show me an unpleasant woman who often marries me, and I'll show you a way to reach Mars on the roller skates and stairs only. Trish finally responds to a computer guy who restores faith in men - but keep your horses; this man is married, so it is evident that men are all "bad". Of course, except for the elderly men who did not work their corpses, they were "not bad for old-fashioned vegetable sellers around the corner of a loving neighbor, even though all men were still" dead "and still dead," at least they do not get anything The Holocaust is forced to abandon the lives of women, and finally, they respect the women they deserve - even the men who support them are "bad", the black boy in the employment agency is hostile and the boy in the morgue is left-handedly rough and indifferent (whisper, * sob * ... * * And what is the ending of this corn, mixed? .. The trial is prematurely precisely because Trish refuses any claim of her husband's money, she is now "released" and she finally can jump to swimming ... What is all this Then jumps to the pool - can be predicted - loans, lifestyle, m When my wife began to play music and music, the square was frozen, but she was shocked for a long time, and when she heard about it, Trishin's lawyer did not begin to exaggerate about what would be the result of her heart attack. Sisli lawyer is a natural person. It's a bad, bad, terrible "evil" man, only interested in this world ... He is these men; They all pay money; It will not know anything of high values ​​in life - like shopping. I'm glad we are such films; but more importantly, teach girls and young women that men will be thrown into the world of poverty, and they will suffer first chance. So, girls, put your mouths into your tongue in the mouth of your girlfriend. Lesbian power!
