Recently, this title had the opportunity to look at a business listing in Kansas City (Olathe, KS). It's hard for me to be a lover of art like myself, but to tell the following, but the truth is really painful, and I'm sincere after trying it out) I have to share any interested party (WARN) within an hour and a half. A good place to start as always, starting from the beginning. The first 15 minutes are not really bad, a few laughs and decent growth, but from there down. This is a story of a woman in the mid-30's, when the writer wants you to believe, she is dissatisfied with her life and fulfillment. The first major difficulty, if you do not know a truth going to the movie, you will not know when you suddenly face the risk that it will not be too weak or unpopular with your local client. There is little development (not enough development) to justify his activities, and when it happens, I feel like he is of a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to mind, and I hope they will allow this review and comment. This is my first fatal flaw in my film. Whether you are married or in love, it will turn it off, regardless of whether you are a man or a woman. Very clearly I feel that this would be a better "blue film" - in my opinion, the level that the scenario deserves. The second fatal flaw is Diane Lane's not here for me, and believe Viggo Mortensen is not the right person for the job. Anna Paquin, the only grace of gratitude to the whole film, is a beautiful actress in places, the depth of the ability to convey the appearance of a developing young man (yet apologize for dichotomy, but not exactly). Bravo did a good job. I'm not going to end it, but I'm disappointed, it's billed as a romantic slice ... but it's like the end .... Just because this picture is teased enough to see you I'm not saying I'm not warning you, but you look better - If cellulose is released, it will be suspected four weeks before entering the flames. I tell you to wait for the video, but free sex education songs in video shooting centers are more fun. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced it, you think you will learn after Ishtar. This movie once carried the name of "Bluz Adam" and was in support. If you do not want to go to any movie in your life, give it 35-40 minutes, it's something worthwhile for Anna Paquin, if you can make your mind clever, before you leave your home or your home, you may be the first place you go if you go to the movie to see this movie . This is my two points, why it is valuable.
