First of all, who is really Basinger? Your rich banker is beautiful, most likely to be paid in cash for a home and do not even give a decent form? I am not a woman and yes, I am going to survive - cleanse something, starting with your hair. And yet, this Christmas Eve. Present your children a gift ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not take 40 minutes to the center of the crowd, park the car about 3 miles, cry about all the rallies, and just take the jacket paper. Also, do not write your name when you decide to hate anyone next time. I do not want to apologize for della. Obviously, Kim Basinger wants to feel bad for a poor white crying woman, due to the prolific performance of this masterpiece. We buy it. Alec Baldwin is a horror, but seriously, do not model horror films after his life. Also, you are in the 50s. Your 8-year-old twins would not necessarily be. And their names? Terry and Tammy. Ability to grow up with your children's worthy chance to respect them. It's a great thing to look at the characters in the movie, or to call it a "girl" ... Undoubtedly, Mrs. Basinger had a few words about what went on in the script. And it is very nice how they can not fight any of the criminals. As you can see, it is not possible to defeat Della's magic ninja skills. His driving ability is also very unpleasant. This movie is so cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They wrote your name wrong in the tea cup. Or they put a hole in the wall of your spouse, but when you are at the mall, perhaps nail polish is purchased instead of some gypsum and dye. Or you took the toy you were looking at for a woman going to high school. Boohooo! When the tree screams and breaks everything on its way, it's my point of refusal to throw a gorgeous trench - this woman is dark. The car is thinking of removing the box from inside the car, but it's packed with identical artifacts like ADDRESS. I never wanted the "bad guys" to succeed as I watched this movie. Is there anyone else to catch the African American shirt that the black man has been doing? Yes, maybe some movie, perhaps with the most racist stereotypical support, pull back your eyes and celebrate. Do not spend hours and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, Della could not understand what to do ... take care of your children and perhaps brush your hair. This powerful ballad was eventually impressive. In the rain, when I write the song "I'll be home for Christmas", the bloody pen is emotionally wrapped around you. Thanks Della!
