The dreams of the Vietnam War have left the American minds thirty years ago. If tens of thousands of Americans were not in America for a method of treating HIV-infected or returnees in Vietnam, it would not have been America's first war. Many men came from the war to the shadow of their old self, and the original Blood was able to give a little idea of ​​their problems, because they tried to return to this world. The first part of the blood, on the other hand, is less than a slapping slide to show how much injury and defeat can be. Stallone demonstrates another disrespect for the title of the Special Forces Command, while Richard Crenna tries to capture a serious actor. When everything is called back, a Chuck Norris album is written in a script that does not do anything better when it is called a complete name. <br /> <br /> The film, which says that the film was a little short after the first day of the film, has shown how small the original logic is, because they decided to paint a large S of the Rambo's large box. The film, namely novel, did not allow the possibility of sustainability. In this inconvenient pursuit, Rambo was put into operation as it had some kind of open source. While breaking rocks and working in a sweat, a prison guard goes with Colonel Trautman and asks him to offer him early release if he goes to a secret mission. Rambo will never return to the hard work of a difficult day, and will immediately be sent to a hidden database that looks like Cambodia or Thailand (forgotten). There he is charged with appealing to a camp where USMDs are kept and photographing them. His mission is quite clear that no attempt should be made to ensure release. Despite Rambo Rambo, despite their possible political consequences, there are other ideas. <br /> <br /> Of course, no American DIA was found in the Rambo people. This is the theory of aging conspiracy and does not apologize for the abuse of the status of many American families whose son has not abandoned his ten-year anniversary of the Vietnam War. Of course, in the 1980s, American society could not help with its jingoism, but did not start a business because it was on the bed of the Vietnamese army, which seemed to be a single unit of Russians. Together, they can get information from two antagonist Rambo, but they will take them back in a bulwark, axis, rocket and destruction. <br /> <br /> The Black Sea performance. Handwriting battle with the Great Russian commander is one of several battles with dramatic tension in the film. The rest simply builds a fantasy to unite the fists of the leading actor and director for the Americans. Fortunately, these dreams of America moved quickly when more introspective and clever fighting films began to take up Plato. Many dead people here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnam Command has ended so many action films will envy the murderer. The Russian commander pushes him into a ridiculously pompous way. Only in the 1980s, the action film saw a law that was used by a helicopter. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: one of the first Blood Part II. It's so ridiculous and so funny that it's ridiculous. There is no need to be in a military service to find out how some of them are foolish. We are trying to make a stupid political statement with a heartwarming theme for direct participants. Keep the tongue above the cheek and wait.
