Michael W. Williams of the BBC finds an impressive Italian image in a mixed form with a materialized theme of DIAMOND ART: REVOLUTION. After her husband's mysterious death, her daughter, Emily, was emotionally disturbed by the problematic appearance of Spoleto, with her and her taste, going to Jill. There is also a countess, which is a psychological, and announces a picture of the night that he was given a young witch called Emilia. Michael does not believe in his story, but then Emily's hysterical spasm and Jill are killed ... This Italian film is certainly innocent, affected by EXORCIST, but it's cheaper, easier, and too dirty. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story is Emily's reincarnation. But when he sees him in his tears, he only perceives it from the eyes of a third person. If Emiline's reincarnation was, she should see something else than Emili's past. This kind of confusion, which is a lot of the film, is based on a very cowardly problem, not merely a mixture of the film itself-Freud's theme, ie the expression of one-sided dreamers of an earlier girl. . This film also has a characteristic problem (if there is no confusion) to further worsen issues; each character is very baseless and desperate to become a realist and / or convincing living person. In connection with Emily (or Emilia), she is a child of all and can say that it is hard to blame for major guilt and desperation. (And according to Freud's theory, every girl wants to put her child on her own. In this sense, Emily is not only pathological, it's her pathological problem to exclude her except for her father's love, as I have already mentioned, this film is very cowardly to Freudia .) The problem is for adults as Emily, childhood, naive, and desperate. And because of this characteristic vulnerability, he can not do anything psychic even in almost everything, and because of the same vulnerability, many stories of the film end in a bad escapist manner. In addition, the special effects of this movie are incredibly cheap and enjoyable. Although Stelvio Ciprian's music is noteworthy (really good, it's worth it), the film is nothing but a cheap B movie that can disappoint the Italian horrors of the 1970s as well. movie lovers.
