MTV-style movie band consisting of American TV programmaker Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his cameraman, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and Bog Hall (Jerry Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) where it did not appear. The team is planning to expose 'the bloodthirsty' of the latest craze in extreme sports. Surfers throw off the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, can they only surf? There they were welcomed by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife, Melba (Susan Africa). Those looking for the perfect places take them to the waters of Lilo-Jay's shark. Sonny, Melba and her daughter Lemmia (Maureen Larrazabal) take them to the boat. After a while, and after killing some of Sonny, Melba and Lemmia from the "bloody ammunition", some of them were killed by a 30-meter sea crocodile called the island. The boat sank. Zack, Cecily, Gog and Jeremy are on the island until the rescue team arrives. But after a while, I do not know how good it is. Pirates? Drug traffickers? Revolutions? Ugly people who just do not like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? I do not know if this is not true. In any case, after escaping these guys who seem like bandits, they are captured by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girl Arty (like Tara Reif Tara Reif) on the coast of the island. The film crew believes they are saved. The Crocodile and Captain Dirks know that he is on his way and he has an account that can be negotiated and a group of crew members will not be able to stop it. Captain Dirks headed back to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with a gigantic human cooking crocodile. <br /> <br /> James D.R. Hickox is a horrible movie, but still Tobe Hoopers is not as bad as Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie suffers. Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levin's scripts are about 30 minutes or more, and the crocodile, which has not been mentioned, is quite slow, and since then I have been seriously bored and dissatisfied with the unpopular faces of Bernard. Levy. The whole movie is also awaiting excitement, with everyone who gets familiar with horror movie stereotypes and stock symbols within the first 10 minutes, who can imagine who will die and who will be right. Crocodile effects are terrible and appear to be recurring duplication, as there is a clear puppet head that keeps its movements in control of the water's leaps! Crocodile CGI shots are just as embarrassing as to watch. There is nothing else to digitally remove the arteries' legs when it is crushed from one part of a character used with CGI, yet it seems terrible. There is a short scene when someone puts a trap on a wooden nail. Nudity and sex are acceptable, plus female actresses are beautiful and easy in the eyes. The film has major persistence and logical errors, as a series of Cecily Bog and Jeremy's "blood surfing" draws, but from this point on, both the shark and the surfers will not be physically available, and, of course, his shot is the whole point? Where the dirks manage to move the crocodile, the angle of the wound varies dramatically between the edges of the wire, and the angle of the line appears to have come from the sky, as the rectangle is completely different from the visible surface of the visible water line; it is actually placed behind the armored boat and at almost the level should be. Why is this animated film so clever as you try to shoot this movie off the edge of a cliff? But if I show everything that is wrong with this movie, I would probably be over 1000 words wide. I hated this movie, but it is not a bad thing if Tobi Hoopers does not work hard in a gigantic film. Definitely avoid it.
