Three times, I still have no idea what this film is, because it's fairly honest, it can not create any real interest or concern. But here it goes: It's a good idea to go to a motorboat and visit the abandoned Alcatraz, when a very old group was terrified of the 1980s when we were terrified to be a teenage teenager (We looked at it?) It was a good idea to get rid of the police There are many people who have been killed in various horrible ways by nightmares, CRIMINAL DEATH, Freddy Kreuger fell into one. Demirbend even fired directly from the fire and a few sliced ​​streaks of purple strips. A good thing can only be a ghost or a hurt, and it is a good thing to have a dream of a good impact budget. Mina is generally quite naked: girls, fashion cosmic vessels, stuffed with a bazooka, and so on. <br /> <br /> Once upon a time there is a Slasher movie on Alcatraz island and gets acquainted with Tony Basil. but sometimes he made a few dances and his own lighting crew (complete with a smoky fog, lightweight, smoked in the 1980s and reminded me that Mrs. Bavarian had some of his videos and speeches by David Byrne choreography helped, but it really does not have anything to do with the movie, but in fact it keeps on going to the movie because it puts too few things to think about, so you can check it out or watch what you are watching on the TV. I'll decide to finish the last thing instead of spending, the film ends, and you're worried that you're running away when you understand that the last loans have started <br /> <br /> Get out of some of the 1980s Teen Horror movies like this Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL, and KILLBOTS, COME TO KREEPS DAY, and everyone coming to SLEEPAWAY CAMP comes to mind. Movies that are not like them require your attention, and you usually pay a few good things in your business or T & A as proof that you're watching TV instead of your keyboard. I'm convinced that there is something really good under the HELL ADALARI (British version of me), but obviously it does not interest me. And nothing is more astonishing that the admiration encountered by any genre in art, sometimes does not deserve dignity or even good old hatred. <br /> <br /> The film likes to spend 80 minutes a minute and, despite my best efforts to give and give a chance, sometimes does nothing but distracts. <br /> <br /> There are some offbeat production designs, the use of lighting is sometimes stunning and the Mayhem will likely continue to blast 1980 exciting Teen Horror fans. Although the rest of you have been warned: YOU WILL BE AWARDED IN ANY WAYS YOU ARE ASSISTED IN 1987, and the answer is tougher than everything that happens on the screen. Try to watch as a free rental whenever possible, and if you are disappointed, you will not be caught by the damned thing: Such films take up the valuable shelf in a commodity these days ...
