Set aside the political integrity of the bride, and consider it in terms of the many gender comedies of the 1980s, as one thinks it is better or worse than others. If it were not for some religious or ugly woman, you probably would not have seen a movie similar to her, and after watching her and watching her, I personally felt insulted. Story is located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Phillip Philli's Fillmore (Eric Brown), a 15-year-old boy, is naturally vulnerable to hell and begins to espouse the attractive servant of his father when he comes to work. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly with Philly, but her father is working from town to business and begins to flirt with her. she invites her to the bedroom to watch her dressing. Philly is anxious and can not initially react, but soon goes for it and gets into sexual intercourse, but Nicole died as a result of his heart attack. He had buried his body as seen by the sharp driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), but a note to a dark man had to be taken and Philly needed $ 10,000 for his father's safety. When Nicole appears, Philly is shocked and learns that everything is an extortion plan set up by Lester, and she's just walking with her because she is an illegal stranger, and she says she does not do what she says Lester. Together they try to return their father's money before returning home and receive help from a tennis trainer, Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), but they claim to be a police officer to scare Lester. Although the smaller comedy is less than $ 3 million, it has surpassed the $ 50 million worldwide and has become one of the least assertioned films during this time, which is why this is a hit and a genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast of having a hit movie, but it is true that he has a career in the film, though he is very successful on TV. So why ... so successful? I think that it can only be seen by Christopher and I will not decide whether I'm listening to you. Kristel was an international star due to his soft core films, causing him to be the only American freelance filmmaker to have a lot of free thinking skills that he wanted to watch. At the same time, the same adults will become a fantasy to teach lovemaking ways by an attractive old woman, who is nostalgic about her youth, as well as a very novice and more interested young filmmaker. Anyway, this is my idea, and if everyone else has a reason, I would like to hear that, but if a movie comes back to itself, a similar film (that is, Europe) has never been able to associate with religion that it will never suffer any harm to other young people. In fact, ALL BOYS is a valuable service to pray for! The film itself is calm and it seems clear in some areas that if Christel's corpse is doubled, especially given the differences in their floor. The story (although interesting in the main form) is so funny or obvious that we have read drum scenes that are really the norm for the genre.
