Since the 1930s, he has shot an entirely forgotten star, Jack Pearl (radio Baron Munchausen) and Jimmy Durante. However, after 7-1 / 2 decades, these three bills are being billed as they are the ones that today's average person will recognize. Film fanatics will also feature Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> As for stooges, it's a very early date - the team of the MGM. At this point, Healy was known as Ted Healy and Stooges as well as the front man. Fortunately for Stooges, they soon left this bad and very immoral person (read from it - I would say) and the rest is history. For a year, they earned a very successful suit for Colombia and MGM leaders often shot themselves for losing their team. This was a common event in a large studio (Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others) who did not know what would happen with the comedy on MGM. In fact, until they went to Colombia, MGM provided them with a number of unusual roles in Dancing LADY, working with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford. But in this film, they did not act like a team - they made various supporting roles like Larry, playing only piano! <br /> <br /> This film is African jungle with Pearl and Durante. When they are rescued and brought home, the film's perception is fragile, and the film is almost turned into different shows. As for Pear, I really could not see why the movie was a success, because it has a soullike identity (but it's a bit less accepted). By the way, I never knew what the public was seeing - at least as much as she was interested in - loud and loud! Apparently, the MGM was far from helping Buster Keaton's career. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on many verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines. <br /> <br /> In this film, Stooges has not yet received the right chemistry. Healy was alone in seeing their work in the next film of Moy. The things they did in the movie were pretty good, but all the segments were short because they often went to the camera to allow them to enter the routine. Stooges supporters may have hurt many of these, but the immortal supporters see everything Stooge - even rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser films (oh, and they are, of course, the film is quite boring and desperate, There is an interesting thing: You will see a short view of a tourist's friend on a bus with a 13-minute hint Attention carefully, because Walter Brennan plays an unexpected role in you! Another unusual thing to look for in the film is about 22 minutes This is a song of "Pre-Code", which has never been allowed in the movies since 1934 (when production codes are strengthened), despite the fact that under the headline "Clean", naked women are very shaky is a figure - enough it is not enough to stimulate to actually show something! Today was quite shocking when it was seen, though in the early 1930s such threats were quite common. Finally, in a 63-minute recording, Jimmy Durante created a couple of years ago race relationship. Watch the movie, I would say!
