A little girl lives in the middle of the village with her father and brother. This little girl, Rosalie, also has psychological tendencies as she filmed with kittens feeding a kind of cemetery in the cemetery, and she liked to stay in the trees all night. The main purpose of the film is to have a young lady coming to care for Rosalie. He gets acquainted with the evil of the forests during his driving, and imagine the inactivity here, a huge blue barrel on the edge of the cliff, in order to stop his tracks and stop his car. From there he goes to the nearest house and finds Mrs. Whitfield, who gives many explanations about Rosalie and his family. The inconsistency that Mrs. Whitfield had shaken was needed. Yes, the young man welcomes the child and soon we learn that he is not strange, and everyone in the film is very strange. All of these are shared by one thing, none of which has ever heard of an actor school. None of these people can move - just like any previous or subsequent emergence of the whole film, all of them have little idea of ​​what is happening, stopping to remember the lines, and convicting all paper bags. The director is plods slowly through the match with those horrible piano music and things that are thinking of being scary there. The Genesis takes us a bit before we start a series of murders by his comrades, but at that time he was not interested in me. Crimes are also unconvincing, and, in fact, the whole movie resembles the people and the things in their hands as one of their friends' farms. Not all Rosalie is aware of the fact that the creature, which is one of these or more expensive masks, does not learn about who's doing it, but has some creepy aspects. We are not even cheap to describe here with your budget now. It is basically a couple of pairs of old farm houses, and in the end some trees and, of course, trees. One of them has also given several old cars of the director. No special effects and only minimal make-up. There are many heroic / funny moments in the list, but here I will only give you a few lists that at least I missed my ability to be creative: 1) The "AFAD" was killed. "Len sees and sees her mouth and can see his swollen belly with her life 2) Rosalie is the place to die when the actress is killed, he listens to destinations and dies after taking his sweet time out of the way.) 3) Roaslie's father plays with us, Andy Griffith, a poorly-groomed man. it's a stranger, and it's a very bad movie, even if it's too bad for 70 cheese standards - this is not a film B, but rather a movie with producer Harry Novak, who does not pay anything.
