Syriana was swept after the criticisms were released, and everything seemed strange about it. I think it's one of the richest films that's so elegant that it should be well-known in the oil industry and politically bright mind. I do not consider myself indifferent, from my early age I am learning politics and using rich movies, but documentary films are mostly entertaining and have a message. Syriana tried to be sober and distracted some people. I'm even dissatisfied with this and say 10/10 because they think they look better. This movie was a bit of a disgrace, a trivial, stupid dribble that seemed a bit ... especially critically acclaimed, Oscar nods and cast reviews. Scenario writer Stephen Gaghan again frustrated me. Before his film, Horoc wrote his horror, I think he works very hard. I do not believe the possibility of writing the Da Vinci Code script. On top of that, Gaghan directed the film, which made a confusion. I did not know who was who, what happened, who was and who was. This was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I did not know who the person was, but we can remember the actors and the things I think about their performances. George Clooney CI.A. play. field agent and think that the killer? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been my favorite, but lately he has succeeded in releasing a number of worthy performances, and that's a pretty good job in his part. Barnes was a complex character with a strange date, and if I knew what was happening to her, I'd be very pleased with her character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman, and he's pretty soft and always looks like a deer in the lanterns that I can understand when I try to do it after reading this scenario. Amanda Peet is playing with her husband and she works well on several occasions. Christopher Plummer creates an image because someone does something. <br /> <br /> <strong> I like the iron, and I love seeing it. <br /> <br /> Therefore, the story is better. I would like a detailed description of the image in the IMDb. "There is no other rocket problem in Iran but the CIA has other problems: the heir of the emirates oil contract with China, burns workers who migrate to the United States and has created a Kazakhstan oil contract The Justice Department is suspected of bribery and the oil company's law firm is accusing it. the economist needs his son to make a contract for his son's death to demand that the CIA be killed. "Unemployed Pakistanis are becoming a fundamentalist group, all roads start and end in oil fields." WHAT? Whom do you now say? It may have been a Syriac movie, but it was tired and I was sacked for about an hour and a half, even though it was hard for me to try to stay with it, and it did not take enough bribes to get me. I think, if you want to give an idea, look at everything, but I promised you that a fun or pleasant movie will fall asleep in the first half an hour. 1/10
