Wha-BAM! Some of them, of course, downloaded a truck of fungus fungus, and then writing this crazy excuse for a movie! Writer Howard Cohen expands the concept of "Sword & Wizardry" with a few Annexes, such as Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Elegant Foolishness! It's not just a movie, it's real dreams and dreams of every young pervert! "Deathstalker" has all these: blood, violence, trolls, female mud wrestling, aggression attempts, successful aggression, lifetime pigs (!), Awful hairstyles, cold fat muscle organs, multiple sexual organs, gay fighters, to-the-death , delirious witches, dismemberment, ridiculous villains and boobs, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker", as regards the conditions of impotence and exquisite flamboyancy, makes the floor clear by the model "Conan: Barbarian". The story is, of course, of little importance. The Deathstalker, alone and gay (not yet known), is going to a mission commanded by a boring witch to gather three notorious elements of the structure? or something like that. During a trip, he combines with a soldier who has turned into a soldier, and at least a fighter, who is, in fact, a pretty woman who does not seem to be the great support of the bras concept. Together they will take part in a troop troop and at least conquer two of at least three elements, finally leading the evil Munkar rule. Munkar cut his head off half a spider's mouth and was even an effective harem for the jealousy of the richest oil. Okay, given, "Deathstalker" is pretty damn, and sometimes even a non-startup movie. The sequence of the fight is bare, suits and makeup effects are obvious. While waiting for the opening sequence for a moment, I was scared that I was watching "Troll, Prequel." Monsters are incredibly cheesy and look dark on the contrary, but if you fall into an indefinite mood, this is an unwelcome entertainment. I'm not fond of feminists because the general picture of women is somewhat different. Most of the Galsi serve as eye dessert in Haram. They are allowed to slip in the tent and play in the mud, but their mouths are forbidden. Two "leading" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson), but all honesty - would not be difficult to point out if they were not for sustained exposure.
