Yesterday, through a Hollywood video, they searched a New Year's Eve with a friend who was looking for a good-looking horror movie. When I looked at the shelves, "Severed" saw my eyes and I grabbed it from the shelves, and this could have been a B-grade horror movie. The cover looked pretty good. The field was semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by your cover, it may actually look good. I think that the film has been spent on the art of making more money. The film follows two police detectives following the voodoo inspired, ritualistic series of murderers, who are targeting the left and right victims of a left-wing city in Los Angeles (probably in Los Angeles), and are taken to their world. <br /> <br /> The story is a little good? Well, that's it, and this movie could be worth a half. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything laughed at this. In the opening scene, there is some red-headed actress in a car that wants to talk to this older, old mobile phone, and goes for some reason and talks with some people. Then comes a shadow behind, cuts her head and falls on the ground and begins to creep (for no reason) trying to call 911. The voice is laughable? Yep, you bet. The entire movie looks like it's shot on a VHS quality camera and I assume it. The player was more terrible and the special effects were incredible. The scenes with the police on the phone are awful - other linear voices have been sounded and sounded as if it were in a bathroom. Everything about this movie was simply amateurish and exhausting, and for a long time I was not interested in it, and I often found it boring and tired due to bad behavior and terrible cinematography. Pacing was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> In general, it has been "cut off", a decent B movie that can be a failed attempt. The field was good and I think it would be good if this movie had a better budget and a higher budget. But this movie was flat on his face. If you expect something worth a half worth, you will be disappointed in a surprising way. You can only resist the D-grade horrors. Otherwise, if you want to get away from this plain video trash. There was a little potential, but there was no confusion. 1/10.
