Spoiler alert ?? I think I think this might be a box? It is difficult to imagine that a movie shot from this studio in this period can be very scary, but it is. <br /> <br /> The American aristocrat, Penn Gailord, is "responsible" for his youngest daughter and goes to the First World War. was killed. Then we are ready for the day (1942) and the general confusion. The three sisters say they have been in court for the last twenty years, and Barclay, some of them, tries to keep their homes away from them. This is the beginning of an infinite number of unanswered questions surrounding the script, and is more spacer than the Warren Report. What has happened to Gaylord's wealth? If the need is half a billion, why did the family's house go from a rich palace to The Munsters House? Who is this Barkli clown of Satan? Why can anyone take a home from them? <br /> <br /> In general, this is simply the answer to more questions. <br /> <br /> Generally speaking, the unpleasant and charming George Brent barclay plays. abuse and disobedience; No one besides Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems to be particularly fond of this cream. Why? None of these questions are answered. Instead, we only follow Fiona's life apart from a train crash; bad Barclay takes home, his neck, and even his child. What does he do? Shoot him? Throw it on fire? No, it's very logical. In a totally luxurious way, this woman, who has been romantically pre-occupied with Barclay, does not hate her for her marriage technique, aggression, and love her. And they will live happily after that. All the independence and power of an early female role model in the world suddenly turned into a usual twisted-twisting tweet that has become more frequent in the films of this era. Yes, of course, it stole everything that's in my world, and I'm going to fall in love with you. What is happening on the planet? I just estimate the reason I have not heard about this movie just before Turner's capture, as it is today, as I lost in the modern audience.
