I wish that more films lasted for two hours. On the other hand, I wish to have more than two hours of MERELY films on the American Civil War film. "Going through the Wind", "Gettysburg" - about the length I expected; although these two men lasted for at least a few hours; even as it did at Gettysburg. <br /> <br /> In contrast, the Ang Lee movie is inflated and not exciting. Indeed, it can take less than two hours. This is not a compliment. <br /> <br /> Indeed, this has never happened. <br /> <br /> The movie goes wrong. As the legs of Lee, as his starting credits, we took boot images (incorrectly) on us, and we will introduce some symbols and will only hate it again. The middle two are Jake's, the son of German immigrants who are loyal supporters of Lincol, and Jake's values ​​are equally a tough Southerner. (I had to read this penalty again to make sure that I did not write "Jake" instead of "Jake"). There are two "bushwhackers" - the South militia can cause revenge and violence that they can not even worry about joining the official South Army, which is supposed to be thought of for children. I'm afraid Lee Lee lost me. Symptoms that lead to moral mistakes are easy to convey: if we have a similar cause or feel the way we know them, then their spirituality may be of greater concern to us. It is not here. We did not get Jake at least an hour in the proper way; When we are, it is not a tradition, not a choice of choice, but every one of the surrounding people says and confesses and sees the psychology as something completely immaterial. The seemingly insignificant, the same or a bad one is bad. When I saw the North cavalry on the screen, I found myself pleasing. I thought, well, kill the killers, end the cursed war, and not go home. <br /> <br /> It is a terrible, terrible dialogue that aggravates this problem. Everyone speaks in the same honest paradise. I've heard all the accents in the English-speaking world, and all of them are the worst. Parents do not care about me because they are really talking about it, it's just not fair to ask the audience to listen for two hours. And I believe we are listening to him for two hours: Lee's picture speaks because the characters say they want to say their words for a long time, everything is said, three times, nation. Helps them talk more quickly, but not much. In short, the film is not small, but the only attractive heroes who do not have any interior lives in the gallery, speaking in an offensive dirty mode, but often unable to swim in a fight despite being involved in a battle. Good points? Jewel looked beautiful and therefore was decor. But I have complaints here. Cinematography, which was a stylish frame, seemed to be a susbtituted color film for the black and white by mistake; For Jewel we trembled with her body, but we never really let her look at her.
