** ALLEGEDS ** It was an ugly movie and I was so upset that I watched it. Like Jan Kooin's Doberman, it's mostly poorer editorials - or not. The director resembles his work, adding not to cut the film to an attractive speed, but to add all its footage. The whole movie has two cool scenes. One of them, when Benkei was destroyed and started to turn around the camera, * SPOILER *. It was cool - but okay, we got it! Please! The camera will stop bending around this guy! Maybe there are one or two more beautiful scenes, forgot about this flood, but the last duel scene is one of them! Unlike previous scenes, Shanao is not masked - but because the director Asano Tadanobu can not find a somewhat similar stuntman, go to him and fight with the sword of the 80 Swords! And all of them can be added in the same way. Basbear American-made 1995 bullet-train Ninja should learn from Hunted! Personally, I personally saw the raid of the village at the price paid to the social activists of the previous generation who personally opposed the police in the violent demonstrations in the collective years. The situation in which the innocence can not be understood by the authoritative and armed structure of the government seems to be a message spread in the Japanese press for the strong influence of the political minority, the socialists and the communists. GTO and Labor Man Kintaro's movie versions are two new examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I do not understand why those who do not speak the language of the film praise the decent stuff. <br /> <br /> The end of the film is a different interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei, as many things are in the market. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and is far from modern topics, and who thinks that the director should re-interpret the story after a 138-minute visual technique? Sasaki Hirohisa, director of Crazy Lips, said that the new Japanese managers have a bad tendency to ignore Japanese audiences and have targeted their films at international film festivals to gain faster international recognition. While these works are never meaningless, the aim of the international film festival is to introduce to the world what films will be filmed in other countries around the world. Of course not like Gojoe and it's not.
