Well, where do you start? I can start with a general complaint about the way this movie was sold. Call me ignorantly without knowing Schneebaum's book, and I think I've lived under some sort of rock before watching this documentary, but I do not blame me for choosing this movie, this "documentary" is actually a companion to the book. Yes, after seeing this little flick, the reason I was sitting to watch the first part was the good service of "Modern Yamyam Talei". I would like to say that this film is really a fool for expecting that most of its story will be covered by the behavior of patchwork in the forest giants? I did not expect to kiss her donkey by shouting about a small detail of her dull and outdated life of course, an hour and an old geezer of forty-five minutes of course. <br /> <br /> Tobias Schneebaum and his whole glory are not so difficult to do. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really difficult. The old man is not only an interesting character to fill a whole story, but the entire film is his personal story. Really? Was he a hooker? 90 percent of the film is about nothing but Schneebaum's dirty past. When Tobias finally concludes that it is a "small piece" of a small silent treatment of what happened in Peru, it is actually time to see some wildlife movements. This is a nation. Then, 90 minutes bull and Tobias Schneebaum are three inches long. Just like a movie called "The Real Life of the Don Juan" to see just one movie's protagonist, once playing "the only end," doing something sexy during college. It's incredible. <br /> <br /> The director is, in fact, unhappy, because there is no stream or rhythm in the narrative described. Well, I understand that I have not read the volume of Shnebaum without watching his celluloid tale, but we still can edit some bad pacing and even worse. One-minute Schneebaum speaks about cruise ships and tourism and tells him he will not go on the next picnic and on the road, and then jumps to talk about some dead relatives or some unsuccessful and strange epics that have died. That is to say, Jesus, at least in the first part, can give you a reminder; will he pursue some of his accompanying homosexuality, and will then end with a definitive visit to Peru? Also: I do not give Schneebaum a very strange idea of ​​life and life, but at least I ask the old man to follow his intestines. If I hear a guy telling how he chooses his life in Jungle, I do not expect him to go back home twenty minutes later, lying and no one. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note from the management is the casual clips from our story, the smallest television view of our hero. Although some films may be less incredible than the story, the director has broken down the whole film, trying to reflect efforts to explain the story of old racks. <br /> <br /> Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Clean and simple. I know that I did not read my book, but I still continue to prove that this film is completely useless, noting that a good movie should stop. This documentary relies heavily on the possibility that Schneebaum is an admirer of the work and that it is far removed from this hypothesis as an extra disc on DVD. Schneebaum is also arrogant and strange that his story is quite un-confused, a mixture of mixed confusion. If you are looking for a solid piece of land on the nature of people and the nature of Cannibalism, "Keep Your Tea Right" is a shameless jacket and self-serving self-serving shameful person over a long period of time. gag
