For the last ten years, Seville has made no effort to prevent another teenage cartoon from subtitling the horror films we have seen in the last few years. I complained that the movie complained of a few previous horror films, from Halloween to Prom Night and everything that was up to Carrie and hated it more than once. Rip off is not so clear that it is impossible to say something. At the beginning of the film, the punch box on the poor Jeremy's head was so obviously taken from Carrie that the film says, "Hey everyone, it is director and I enjoy Enjoy Carrie-Rip-Off!"). </ p> </ p> <p style = "text-align: justify;"> <br /> <br /> </ span> In short, we meet a girl, kill, people are oh-but They are only things that happen to others, and then they begin to be killed. The problem here is that the directors and writers want to keep a clear and honest movie mysterious and suspense, but they have no idea how to do it. For example, take Jason. It is assumed that the poorer Jeremy was treated so poorly disturbed by the fact that she and her wives were so divided into a story that they were divided into one of the first characters in the movie, and that it was a bad story after a brief history lesson. Moreover, more importantly, all girls have the same names as a sixth-grade boy who is exposed to terror and the same headlines that were signed in all of these brutal Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not unusual for viewers to go wrong with the behavior of one or more characters that are deliberately and sometimes appear to be suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of effort, but not a good example of successful efforts. Of course, for a while, I thought he could be a very good killer, but that's not a point. We know from the very beginning that he was afraid of women who associated with the little boy at the beginning of the film, but later he appeared in the middle of the film, laughing at two of the mothers, and then gave them a hateful appearance and disappeared with no explanation from the party and the movie. So, we know he's a cartoon character, but his role in the film was so bad that when they were done with him, they threw him out completely. <br /> On the positive side, the true identity of the killer was, in fact, unlikely to predict at least one that is still alike. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley stabbed her leg with her own scalpel, she could be a silent woman to prevent her from killing her as a suspect, not as a woman. But for the rest of the movie, we have this stolid, ruthless, unbearable killer emotionless mask and a great butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (in all respects, gold seems to be facing his daughters in the sixth grade) is reminiscent of Halloween. Of course, this is of course unnecessary, as it is clear from the insulting film. The difference between Valentine and Michael Meyer's killer shows that Michael's mask is more effective and has no problem with nosebleeds. These things are unfortunate. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's a totally wrong step to kill a person who does not want him, but when he starts to bleed Adem's nose, and we know that he was all murdered. Nothing in the film pointed to a killer until the last action, and this undiscovered nose spoon is not the most intelligent way to recognize the true killer at the end of the film. Valentine is not scary (I watched myself in an empty house after midnight and I remember that I was scared and even afraid) and the characters could be in need of care if they had clearly seen that they would not die. I remember the impressions of the theater preview (the film was faster than the Battlefield Earth on the stage) and the final result is the same old thing.
