Amazing! Wow. This movie, watching this movie, can not help but by writing this movie, but can not be confused. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young are ill and insultful, and play a few games that can be featured in the modern era of "The Jerry Springer Show" ... and it's not clear whether the writers confirm it! <br /> <br /> The film begins as it is shown on the ropes by hungry and homeless Loretta's poor, but very capable Spencer Tracy. She said that she could do something very well with little money and took her to stay in her home. Whether or not to marry is unclear - and considering that this is a Pre-Code movie, you might think they are not in the merger. Their relationship is very strange and very sick. Though you can see that Tracy has concerns about his actions, he is so insulting and heartfelt. She says she is "skinny" or "ugly" and is a way to use the lovers in a sickly way! Then, when she flips another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her that if she wishes, with her! Regardless of the signs of your Sado-masochistic relationship, you do not feel a bit of a horror. Of course, it does not hit him, but the relationships are very insulting. When she is pregnant, she tells her patient how ill she is: "... this is your baby and I am, but I do not have to worry about it, and I will blame for it!" Yikes! Does not everyone look at a single illness and an unemployed home? Later, in an art that imitates his lifestyle, Tracy proves what that person is and what he will do. After all, it can not be loaded with a baby. However, he changes his mind and decides to return home. Wow ... this is part of it! And, when he turned, he behaves as if he is bad and IF he stays IF, he does not care for the child! And he says, "liberate as a free bird"! Wow, this tender was not in tears at first ... AGAINST! Soon, this bare pair is married ... and, of course, the Young seems to be staying in line with it, regardless of any love and responsibility. How can you save something like such a sick character? What would you do? As for the writers, Tracy is robbery to help pay for the brat soon! The romantic aspects of the movie depend on at least the words! During the robbery, Tracy behaved like a whip - he did not do anything to avoid taking the necessary measures - hoping to be secretly sent to prison. <br /> <br /> Even though there is more in the film, Tracy's strangeness and, unlike each other, is in the Young Youth film. Although both are very good actors, they will not be able to do anything with this shit from the writers. Beautiful music, beautiful sets, well-functioning ... 100% poo script. I'm out of the way that the movie is currently being evaluated at level 7.4 and I'm surprised to not see everyone's characters terrifying. <br /> <br /> Please, if Loretta EVER spends this movie or is playing at least a strong man, if you are surprised, the answer is NO! <br /> <br /> Therefore, he has not learned anything, and nothing has changed.
