In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began painting. They are designed for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and have been deleted in very fast sequence. Short comedies were very small and completely advertised. As a result, though the films were popular in the days, it was just terrible for today's standards. Most of them have a strong resemblance to home movies that have dropped off numerous relatives for the camera. Many show that characters move around the camera and do pretty little. Regardless of the result, Keystone sent them to flat cinemas. <br /> <br /> Because the papers are very successful, at this time all films should be pretty bad. <br /> <br /> Today, Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and love, is just beginning to develop in Chaplin's career. Keystone. In 1915, he signed a new earnings agreement with Essenay Studios and developed dramatically as Chaplin director. However, sometimes these movies are still rude and not particularly memorable. No, Capelle was still developing as a cute Little Tramp. In 1916, when he went to Mutual Studios, his films got better and he became a better-known person - in one of the previous films, he was just one thing (or very drunk, beat women, innocent people, etc.). The latest development of Little Tramp to the classic status came about as a result of his full-length films in the 1920s. Interestingly, this movie is called only 20 minutes of LOVE because the film is only about 10 minutes away! He is excellent. The plot is smaller than the tramp in the park. A pair wants a neck, but it is not clear that Charlie is practically sitting in the lap of the couples and really worrying them. Why and in short, Charlie is one of those guys and some of them wandering around the park that worries about the movie. Maybe he did not look for a triplet, I do not know. But there is no coherence in the film, and it's not funny whether people start slapping each other and throwing each other together. Chaplin has begun to give a character and personality in a prehistoric manner.
