First, I want to say that I love the sketch for "Man of the Man" in SNL. I always call on Tim Meadows in the description of Leon Phelps. But there is a difference between a 8-minute sketch and a long-term movie. Leon is not happy about what he's doing and shows his audience to the legend, despite all the segments for the show, like "The Ladies Man Presents ..." reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." Cameron Diaz has a great episode playing Monica Lewinski and plays Leon Leonard and they say "Oral Office". Look, funny! <br /> <br /> We do not often see Leon in the film. In fact, he was removed from almost every radio station in the country. And the plot takes place in the quest for true love, involving a secret letter that has been dropped in the house where the "Sweet Thing" is signed. Hillary plays the famous Karyn Parsons, who plays on the "Bel Air's New King," and sees Leon as a secret. The film pushes each other over a dull subplot. And the gags are boring. It's pretty funny to recall the word "wang" for the first time Leon sees it. When he repeatedly uses the laughter, joke is dry. Many of the jokes we have used in the movie have made jokes and snooping on the SNL sketch that we have heard before, and played tirelessly in one hour and twenty-five minutes. Since Will Ferrell and his wives have a connection with her, Ladies' Man hateful people who want to destroy her are trying to get a musical number by her band, bringing a deadly comedy to life. Ferrell has some funny moments and tries to make the best of any other unsuccessful role. Ferrell has a unique comic talent, and he is almost funny in everything. Even Julianne Moore gets a community. While watching him, "Why hell is an Oscar-winning actress in this movie?" His name was not mentioned in the opening credits - probably by his consent, and of course, this theme includes Bill of Love, Billy Dee Williams, Billy Dee is always as characteristic, even if it does not breathe enough for this movie, and I have to add that the soundtrack is packed with soft R & B hits that make the film even worse, as if the script is "not likely to be boring." Soundtrack "Love Jones "<br /> <br />" Ladies Man "laughs only in sport, but there are exceptions that the SNL can make a big movie out of a short sketch, see both the Wayne World movie and see how it is done. But this movie resembles the appearance of Mary Catherine Gallagher in the Superstar. <br /> <br /> My account: 3 (over 10)
