I was watching videos for Joe Bob Briggs' legendary "We Are Weird" bulletin. I've seen many stinkers, but it was so bad, and the year is not the best - the most hateful crime against film I've ever seen. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally nominated more technically, such as MONSTER-A-GO-GO or HARLEM or GUY or better than anything else. For me, All Time is a unique blend of nudity knowledge with a crooked claim that strengthens my claim as the worst movie. A Vietnamese comment? Is an ecological protest? Encourage racism? A study of human humanity's intolerance? In nature boots (approximately) a new length of length? In short: a young town professional (perhaps the most sparkling screen character) throws a nubile Asian-American companion in the woods with him. After a miss of a quasi-philosophical whistle for a better part of an hour, they passed through two brown boilers, an unforgettable Jarvis (a fair brother) and Troubadour (guitar-toting Manson Family rejection). Hey, a twist area! Tension! Action! Thirst! Yes, not just one-on-one-dough-chicken-rude-and-diminished scene in only one cluster. The victim looks at the enthusiasts and the screams: "No ... please ... please ..." In the meantime, Jarvis remembers every two minutes as Troubaduru "Troub" As Juan Picquer's alien star of POD PEOPLE a lot. This is what is happening in CAGED TERROR, and a similar summary may seem like a collision. But trust me, I have seen thousands of films in my life and this has been the worst ever since I first saw it. (I'll be able to pop in the old VCR once every two years, or just do my best to rely on myself). This is particularly despicable element of CAGED TERROR: it is very rare that happenings are very weak and very slow, really something that is not compulsively checked, the fact that filmmakers really want to send a message from your throat is choking. However, as CAGED TERROR is so inefficient and ineffective, what is meant to be a lesson of citizenship is an accidental course of troubles. This movie is 75 minutes and feels like three and a half hours. Terrible, really terrible. Peoples, trust me, THERE WILL BE, and this is worse. Go, look! Thank you. And cursed me. Only for celebration, my favorite: (CAGED TERROR, but maybe) "Yes, it's probably Solomon's song a tool for Christ's love for the church!" (CAUTION: Must be delivered with a customized shipment tone.)
