I'm waiting for some positive feedback from this squad, trying to revive this movie with a lifeless status and start a following cul-de-sac. I'm looking at the usual color - "Maybe this movie is not easily offended," "This is not Shakespeare," and so on. What was "Road Trips"! I also laughed at once in that movie! Xam, there is a way to make a tasty comedy and laugh; and there is one way ... just raw and tasty. "Whipped" wants to be "Swingers" without the mind and intelligence. It is written with the courageous eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For the sake of God, the characters in this film are likely to be a white, dumb person, and they speak like a few morals I know in the first year! Dialogue is like drowning in four paragraphs. You would think that people with their status would have some degree of intelligence and a broader word. Just watch Whit Stillman and see the difference. It can not be said that the dialogue was completely non-realistic and clear caricatures. If you know any successful, white-colored businessman who speaks the characters of this movie, let me know and introduce them. Their adult sex festivities are the same as the standard dressing room for juveniles. No ideas on relationships, sex, or anything else! This is a poor excuse to demonstrate a series of extremely unpleasant words, and I do not accept the word "extremely" because all my heart is through gags. They have gags which are no substance. Gags is designed for more fun than laughter. The scene in the end between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was completely unusual and completely non-specific. There are some films that affect men and women who play beautifully. This scene is a dam for sex metaphors and gestures. This is a kind of dialogue that can not be imagined to abandon a woman's mouth. This was one of the scenes of a man written in a remarkable way. I did not believe in a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is simply a psychiatric person fantasy, just as disturbed. I was laughing less than this unforgettable comedy, and it was generally the result of desperation. If you do not laugh for a long time, look for humor in the most unimportant things. That's why I will not celebrate it positively.
