I was thinking about being a music student, and I thought it would be fun to watch a movie that's taking place in a conservatory. I did not know ... (This movie was not a book based by Britney Spears). It was incredible throughout the movie. Obviously, anyone who writes a script does not stick to the conservatory and knows nothing about classical music. Just give me some examples: 1) No classical conservatory, no classic training! Not only is it a nice pop voice, something else is different - another genre, a different technique. Plays the violin while applying for a viola class. 2) Why did the lady who was studying music theater voted for the jury? If he was not a performer professor, he would say in such a situation that if he was a conductor, why did not we say that? 3) It is important to be able to read music when you are in music. 4) How did Angela capture this video? The jury would only be kept secret. Now he assigned one professor or one of the writers, but there was no clue. 5) The singer, Professor Holly Carmen, did not clearly see the song, saying "it does not have much." Yes, he was able to read the notes, but Carmen was a mezzo-soprano, while Holly sound did not match this song, and the timbre looked even lighter. 6) The worst: When it comes to classical music, it does not just show off ignorance, but it does not try to hide it. Angela was singing that she would shake her in the grave of Mozart, and she was singing, disassociated from the sequence, and a charming deep truth in her humiliating way. Habanera, from Carmand, sometimes sounds a bit strange, and at the end of the day, he thinks only the fewer producers have a classic music - hard and boring, but hey add some drums and electric guitars, and almost as good as Britney Spears! I know all of them are small details, but with a little research, it would be easy to get them off. Anyway, if I had chosen to stop the characters of my disbelief, the plot was well prepared. But without this, I can not find any payout quality other than a movie: it's good for a laugh.
