Finally, I was thrilled when I heard that this terrible event turned into a movie. The whole epoch (1980 Southern California) and the subject (drug and porn industry) are of interest to me. I believed it would be a sure fire. I'm thrilled with Kilmer's choice of Holmes, they do not look like physical appearance and behaviors. Do you know how to sell tickets? Nevertheless, I'm ready to ignore it and make a fair shooting. I was a little shocked that there were four people in the theater along with me on the first day. Now it's hard to make a whole movie and story in the movie, and I'll admit it. It did not witness a very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a lying pathologist and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he talked to the police. In fact, Holmes did not really testify what happened and that the crime was not solved. So this is really a great mystery, a movie that is not something to burn. The person who wrote the screenplay had many considerations and most of the main characters were dead. However, there is no real storyline, there is a fragmented claptrap. The scenario is light, and actors are working hard to bring fine lines to paper at an extremely fast pace. The film does not give an idea to Holmes or other people. Kilmer's character lasts a long time, his friend laughs, and the police jokes. Even Kudrow works hard to win a very important look. This is a large number of pieces and I'm boring. The director even tries to turn him into a love story. Whatever, if the trash is something you know about John Holmes really was. Perhaps some of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" might have helped here. Boogie Nights was innovative and interesting in all respects. On the other hand, this film was flat and without any real attraction and style. When Duran Duran was performing on stage in 1980, music had also come out. Do we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? It could have been a big movie based on this horrible event but I did not see it yet. I have not yet seen a worthy man (if you do not look at the scene from the Boogie Nights for Rahud Jackson).
