Takashi Shimizu found a great opportunity to rebuild the original film, Ju-On The Grudge. Even though I have not seen the movie, I have more imagination and originality (or one-of-a-kind originality, in other words, the ability to tropes well-known in the Japanese film). Maybe an article was written in a written way with controversial glamor or would have been accessible to an American audience. What started with some potential - a sign of what happens with the sudden movement of Bill Pullman - is just a trail. And as a horror film? <br /> <br /> The tension could bring a situation - a nurse would look at a woman who cares about a woman who is disturbed - but she falls below everything she wants to feel her audience. Is it frightening? Sometimes you can expect something about some music. Black cat? Yes, if you just want a cat, it's really creepy, something like a creepy cat. Land? Why not mix a past and present with no meaning of a story of how a story is explained (ie, placed in flashbacks and intended to be organic in general story), or for that, <br /> <br /> The Caucasus filming is delightful ( ie the 180 degrees have been violated several times or have not been violated) and speeches in the face of fear or shock (Gels are particularly frustrating, but after Pullman's first stage, it falls badly). Even when we are scared of some middle-aged "Boo", it is still unreasonable when the woman is in the office building and is persecuted by the Grudge dream. Just watch that he is on the lane and the ghost is in the background. Or I'll go with him, and if he gives you more power, or ultimately hysterically laughs. <br /> <br /> I am not entirely convinced of the fact that this project is wrong - should Shimizuun have to repeat it for the studios, or will it not justify the renewal of his vision? Or maybe some of Raimi's have said that it would be more difficult and / or boring to do with others. Grudge gives us a lot of information that gives us no sense or some terrible strawberries. This is a cineplex garbage of a sad order.
