I have never understood why some people do not love Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, dance numbers and high emotions - what is not to love? I did not know that I just saw the top shell of Bollywood. Then I watched the "Hard Case". On the first stage, I can say that this is not a movie I like (the film opens with the installation of two cities and seems serendipitously serendipitously filled with gyrating models in several picture installations), but I hope everything will improve. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is Mac & Sam, two heroes, absolutely useless. They filmed the entire film - and they lied down - to get them to bed, and the audience should find this funny and attractive. Boys are not, in a lovely way, unscrupulous and neat. Mac even goes to one of the women who use drugs to prevent his betrayal. Scenarios are rarely scarcely replicated by the illogical movements and expressions of devices and symbols that can not lead to anything. In fact, the heroes really did not develop at all. These men are boiling, greedy, naked, and women are indifferent to each other. Going through this movie, you thought the "air hostess" was pretty easy to go from person to person. In fact, betrayal is not so humorous. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the film were a dance point with bright sets and some of the spectacular moments covering the French-Persian, door-to-door aspects of the story. But Bollywood dances are more enjoyable than the choreography by Farah Khan and you can go to the silent comedy of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who is a bit affected by the writer / director Priyadarshani for the slapstick. Priyadarshan also lied to explain the story: the base structure of the field is played from Boeing Boeing since 1960. The original author of this work, Marc Camoletti, is not written anywhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title for this arrangement, not as a credit addict, as it used to be in the 1985 version of this fairy tale. (Based on IMDb's credit list.)
