So I'm not a dork in the "Vampire Bear", but I love vampires. So what I saw after a few duds was pretty disappointing, but then I saw that Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go, I was very surprised that this movie was really bad. Most of King Stephen's films are entertaining and some are very scary. Sleepwalkers were filthy, though bad. I had a funny time in this movie and just took it for what it took. I have not read Sleepwalkers, as I understand it is the King's true vampire wisdom, so I can not compare the movie with reality. I do not know, it's just my television, but the Yucujunmats were prepared for television. The special effects were rooted and the story went a bit further, even though it was fantasy, and there were many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and her mother, Maryam, are vampires who feed the lives of women. They are relatively stronger than humans, and have the power of telexinesis and illusions. Their weakness is cats, they can not only see their illusions, but claws can seriously damage their heavy wounds. They also maintain incestuous relationships. Charles and Mary received a residence in a small Indiana city. Charles attends a local school and meets with Tanya Robertson in the creative class. Tanya does not doubt that Charles would want her very much; to get life force by the mother who is starving. Initially, Charles fell in love with Tanya. But at the very first moment, a picnic near the cemetery, Charles kisses Tanya, trying to save her life. Earlier, as he tried to drive Charles to accelerate Charles, MP Sheriff Andy Simpson warned the cemetery driver and the car of Charles. When Tanya flees to help, Charles follows Andy and kills her. When Charles returns to restore his life-force, Tommy's Commander Clovis climbs this occasion and kills him with his face and chest and kills him. Charles, deadlyly injured by Covis, returned to Mary. Mary tries to take revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So, you need to wait for the cheese to sink in order to take this movie. The scene where Charles is attacking Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you vote for Tanya to become one of the most terrifying women in terrible movies. Then Mary resembles a weapon and shoots with a police car, and in a way all things explode, congratulations on Hollywood's explosions and exaggeration. What I do for the movie, I just love that it is a dark comedy for me that I can only make fun of. I'm not sure Stephen King wants to see his story, but he has a typical audience in the film. So, when watching this movie, my suggestion is merely funny with cats enough to make the crazy cat lady wondering if it just accepts it and does not think it is radical effects, bad cast, a foolish story, and "Simpson's crazy cats" Wow, there are many cats ". <br /> <br /> 4/10
