I have to agree with some of the other comments and even go one step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing has been done about this movie, there is absolutely nothing. Delmar is our central character to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but it decides to be a surrogate mother to set off for a wise ex-jailbird. At the same time his wife, Hortense, is trying to get his wife to marry her. She and Marlon slept with her heart joyfully. Later, Delmar's brother Jethro, Missy, an old coke addict, appeared sexually abused by his father. At the bottom we also have an assortment of odd friends, there's an exentricmother dying on the sofa at someone else's film. The film is just as good as it has been so good, but in the first half of the day, when it comes to life, death, sadness and love, these characters and story lines are presented. <br /> <br /> If the writer chose only one or two characters and would have allowed them to follow their stories, maybe things would have been good, but the result was that no story or character was complete. For example, why does Delmar think that prospective parents are a creepy royalty lawyer, and if he is a semi-alcoholic and oppressive wife, he can take up his child in exchange for money? Why is Hortense so helpless to marry a person who is so crushing and not fond of it? How does Missy try to smell the coke at night? Jethro regularly looks at women with regular problems, or Missy excludes? Delmar and Jethroun's mother are always eccentric or are there any new developments? Why is Jethro Cadillacs in the middle of the living room? Why has Moses been held in jail for a car for a relatively minor offense? How does Delmar understand that she is giving birth to a baby if she has no sexual intercourse? <br /> <br /> These questions are put in the script, but unfortunately, they are never answered. I can only assume that he responded in a unique novel, and that's why the writer feels that all this should be included in the script. Great mistake. Especially, the story of Hortense and Marlon, which did not add anything to the overall film, lost a few subplaces, significantly lessened everything, and more time to develop more Delmar, Jethro, and Musa characters, much more plot and core issues. <br /> <br /> The most pedestrian-style style was seen outside the average soap opera, and as a result, Jorja Fox found a great opportunity for anyone who did everything possible to get upstairs. I'm not surprised that this movie is the director's latest film because it does not show the ability to describe a visual style or a moving and intelligent story.
