As others said, this movie is not rocky. I really found it boring and foolish. The story is a metal schoolboy who finds this really bad metal metal singer. The singer dies, but of course, at midnight Halloween will not die before making an album (which actually will be played on the radio that will be November 1, a more difficult date). The child receives a copy of the note and contains hidden secret playback messages. This is really the door that opens the door to the evil metal singer to return to the world to bring danger and death. <br /> <br /> The first part of this film is not a movie movie, but a special after school. We see that children are suffering from metal children by popular children. And he does not succeed in learning the most important lessons in secondary school movies: cool guys that invite you to a party suddenly, GO! It's a trap. Especially if you have a pool party. Who was surprised when it's over in the water? <br /> <br /> So after school, it was customary that Melissa Sue Anderson was waiting for Jody Foster to teach and teach. <br /> So, go back to the horror movie. Hence, this metal child gets some powers and instead of using the kidnapping to kill the boys (he could give more meaning), he freaks and tries to protect the bully boys and girls from harming. Yes? A sensitive hero? What is fun in a horror movie? Good by Carrie White did not follow these lessons. She actually had a force to kill all her children, trying to avoid the music she had played in Halloween Dance. If it were me, he would have put music and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is linked to this metal boy, who goes around the city. Why not become a partner with him and you really do not get hurt. Why do you ask? As you can see, she is in love with one of the famous girls and does not want to hurt her. Suitable for Molly Ringwald. Is this a scary movie or Beauty and Monster episode? The film is just going on and at this point there is nothing worth watching, horror, or watching. As I went to the middle school in the late 80s, this movie was entertaining for a bit of fashion and great hair, but it's for this movie. Skip and stay home and just listen to KISS.
