Need a lesson in clean, unsuccessful failure? See "The Wizards of the King" besides a whisper, terrible, dishonest and disgraceful. As we all know, decent moovies tend to bring terrible, terrible generations: many "Halloween" many, many 80 slasher flicks born; "Mad Max" was a very bad, 80's "futuristic outer fantasy" bone; and "Conan Barbarian" terrified, terrible, incredibly evil 80 swords and wizards. "The Mysteries of the Past," a barrel of barrels that actually slaughters up to 80 barrels. A young cock named Simon had taken back a "good kingdom" from a filthy wizard with a mangle carpet, a garden gnome, an unmanageable bimbo mermaid and tired-looking, swollen Bo Svenson. Swenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), which has long been a b-moovie muscleman, can shake the aluminum foil sword. However, he manages to defeat the evil forces of evil magician, "Shurka" and evil army of monsters, giants and midgets his army. At one point, a piece of paper creates a mouthpiece, but it is eaten by a puppet of 1/2 hidden socks, which is presented as a kind of dragon. From the beginning of the film, the film consists of things that can be characterized as part of the scenes from the worst-caseed moovies in the chambers, with the hope of laying the stage in hopes of making a scene, and boldly narrated. He is still invisible. The words do not convey the truth of this movie without falling off the jaw; the producers probably moolah to feed Svens' s enlarged confusion rather than the delightful fringes of this flick. Brie is here ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("Barbarian Queen"), this rumor presents a hopelessly mixed, confuddled and cliched way, clear,. Acting is horrible, the production levels beneath the shoe, and a consistent tired cliché. They made MooCow's brain spark that actually made a continuation (!). The joyful shadow of James Horner (The Braveheart, Titanic, The Rock), "The Stars Beyond" was raised, shouted and shot, and it was brutally imprinted on the turkey - the bet does not go into its rubble. MooCow says it's a cheap hire when it's nothing to watch, it's good that the bunnies of dust are better than watching your spouse.
