Those who are here are a bright piece that will not completely erase the garbage-movie's greatest connoisseurs, with no defects in the early 80's! "The Lost Kingdom of Wizards" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy / sword-and-sorcery adventure, but does not have a true surface, but lends elements of excitement and shamelessly to other movies. The writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Looked at a fairly similar cinema to know that a few basic characters were needed, but likely they would all be watched automatically. To create a fantasy adventure: a super-bad morality (primarily a black cap), a young hero in the training, a single warrior, a kindly feathered puppy, and a complete collection of lying demons, slavery gnomes and pens pens . This story is extraordinary and very original. The story of Simon, the son of a magician, who was driven by Satan's powerful power and had to flee from the kingdom of lovers after killing the king. Simon wants to come back and save the people, but for this reason, he needs a strong hoop that he has lost. Simeon is the only warrior Koru (who normally needs a check paycheck) to help Simon during a long and destructive journey, just in battles, dangerous encounters and magic images. Undoubtedly, it is not so bad to this day, but I just exclude all the delicate information. Simon, for example, has his best friend, Gulfax. Gulfax is an Albino version of Chewbacca and awakens cartilages that are not abducted while opening the poodle-snout to make something incomprehensible. When traveling home, barriers are a bit unpleasant for the plot, and it works in the form of fullness to hide the deficiency of actual content. Simon has a skyscraper inside a suspicious forest tent, solving an old account with his blind brother's refusal to marry and a terrible 'suicide cave,' which may only be able to accompany your way. But is it really the most unmatched shining range? Not just this movie, but in cinema history? the resurrection of four zombie fighters. Simon awakens legendary courageous fighters, hoping they will help in the fight, but rotting bodies only take a few steps, complain about how tired they are, and return to their graves. This is so! So much for the zombie officer! Best Sequence! I can add some small details to a little more paragraph but you get the idea. "The Lost Kingdom of Wizards" - a great messed-up "bad-it-good" movie. Recommendation: Do not just watch this joyful piece. Invite friends, preferably dope heads, with a bad sense of humor and follow it with the group. Will there be one night to recall?
