From the beginning, you know that this is more of a Sam Sherman movie than Al Adamson, because the credits appear in capital letters as "A Sam Sherman Production". Sherman wrote the scenario and described Bob Livingstone, 69-year-old Botswana, who lived in the old Hollywood, about the last success of the Swinging Stewardesses, as he thought he would benefit from Sherman's ideas. <br /> <br /> Now, why do you want to be the head of the men as the old man who has to be softly exploited? It is against the explanation, but this is for you Sam Sherman. Former Hollywood kidnapped many of his numerous films for Independent International Images, and he and Al Adamsson often sought to get their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). . But Bob Livingstone? Do not tell me who is a 40th grader of demographic information; it's funny! <br /> <br /> However, Naughty Stewardesses was a successful picture for them, so we can not just write it as a Sherman fiasco. Still, with any aesthetic standard, discrepancy. Al Adamsson asked for this photo and you see why. First, no genre is at the center of attention and shifts around the ghost of the super-soft core (horns and donkeys). Among the stewardesses painful boring sequences that look around Sparrow's hackneyed music in San Francisco, or a look at Vegas around Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann. Everything is bad, we get Bob Livingstone as a Jack LaLanne wannabe with blue accompaniment while trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, a great sex scene with Connie Hoffman has been deleted, but you can keep it slipping onto the titties he has captured on DVD in the special features section). <br /> <br /> This is a terrible, horrible film, but I will give three stars for Gary Graver's photography and I will bless Connie Hoffman with Wrinkles Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardesses" is for Al Adamson's exploit film and / or scientist, as it presents in the vital information of Sam Sherman's statement. Others, ATTENTION.
