Debbie is a dilemma (above) that Sam Sherman should approach the Naughty Stewardesses production. Debbie just slipped into the city and became a stewardess, slept with an elderly rich man (50 years old, but apparently a ten or two years ago), she snatches naked scenes for a familiar photographer, and then escapes from the central element / to extortion. What will be the name of paradise Debbie in search of all these emotional horrors and souls? Yes, I can not go away completely, but I do not expect any real epiphany here. Let's see this. Naughty Stewardesses (at least two-thirds): most top-timed women are gentle with a basic porn movie and funny with this kitchy 70's. There is no great art here. The film can vicariously survive the voyeuristic taste of the viewers that are designed to earn and boost a timely trend in time to put nymphomaniacal stewardesses in the film. According to today's standards, the film is pretty good. What's wrong with this movie? C'mon, where everyone thinks about the coast of life, believing that small diatribe by Debbie. He would spend more time knowing what to wear on that day and what to do next. And what is the ridiculous plot to steal 50 big? It was not logical for me, so how did the "gas" of these heroes on earth become like? Anyone who bought Cal'i PLO as a member (even something) and even hardcore pornography director? Good luck to work in Eleven! After another review, Sam Sherman and Al Adamson parted. You can tell that the receiver is fully responsible. In fact, there is no budget and the film does not seem so polished. Adamson is doing this job properly and I have to give Sherman a degree. Although this film is bad for its claim, there is a certain style for it. I liked the opening credits with animations and photos. I even liked Sparrow music. "Silver Heels" sounded a bit charming. The film does not really look cheap. Compare this with one of Al's fear movies. When it comes to shedding, yes, Bob Livingston is a little bit upset, but some examinations have also been investigated by his character and an open topic for young women. I had big problems with Robert Smedley. All girls have big sets, so what else is needed? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively harmless exploitation film of 70 and will serve as a living time capsule for certain aspects of life over a decade. By the way, did you say that this is a pretty bad picture?
