As you can see, the people behind Envy, especially Ben Stiller and the lesser extent of Jack Black's recent comedies, have been permanently dwindling and generally laugh. When the Scenario and Hutch were released, I discovered Zoolander was a wholesome absurdity for being totally cheerful, and then Dodgeball kept the smile of many people, though I was a little tired of the characters I personally had - especially when the scenario is not very funny (maybe a Dodgeball tournament is not translated to Australia where the comedy is rarely played). So, in an attempt to make something more original, Envy goes away from an absurd scenario and instead turns around the absurd creativity of Jack Black's character (I'll spoil what's happening for those who want to see the movie). The problem seems to have dragged the film, I am not a big movie buff to think about the patterns, but it was a thousand times as rare and very rarely successful. So instead of a beautiful, crisp, pleasant and fresh comedy, you only have a film that has gone through the action. Of course, the actions can be quite fun, and they rely on a fairly interesting idea to provide a few laughs - especially with Jack Black, an exciting and entertaining, little bit of 2D. On the other hand, Ben Stiller wanted to play a more complete role than the funny characters of the Zouandard movie charm, but he struggled as a family man, his fault or scripts, and his character and the conclusion that Ben Stiller typically behaved and it is generally tedious. Performance does not make a mark on the audience (Ben Stiller, Jack Black describes a symbol even though it's a really difficult one). <br /> <br /> The film's latest annoying element is characterized by the character of Christopher Walken's "J Man", both typical and two-dimensional and naturally long ago a monotonous and frustrating role. <br /> <br /> Some people may not be as unbearable as you think, especially when you are in the right mood (which may be a good opportunity to see the obvious film). Hire a movie night with your friends and watch a horrifying movie and watch it look like a light - I hope you will be a little thinner later. We can imagine that this scenario would be very pleasant, but it usually does not make much sense to carry herself, and it's often just drifting.
