"What's New in Scooby Doo?" I thought Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and apologized (yes, I did not like it) when I stepped out of the old series. When I heard the job of Shaggy and Scooby-Doo, I thought it would be better. But when I see a pic of how Scooby and Shaggy look, this show will be bad, if not bad. I have watched a few episodes and I believe that this is again "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" -wannabe. Scooby and Shaggy rob banks are going against people who are masked in cool, creepy monsters. Now they are going after the typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo were also brave. Also, since Shaggy will not be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is really a vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice, Shaggy does not sound. If she does not eat, she will vote for Shaggy and as if the internet jokes are not enough, it's just a foolish enterprise to renew the franchise. So Scott Menville (previously called "A Pup called Scooby-Doo" called Red Herring) here is the Shaggy sounds. Believe me, the sound is really bad! Shaggy's voice looks like a torn 10-year-old, and his voice needs to fit into the new ugly look. However, Kasem plays Shaggy's Uncle Albert, a few types of sound. On the other hand Scooby Doo does not look good. CGI seems to have been designed to look Scooby-Doo more than a live action movie. Also, Scooby's Frank Welker's voice (should I celebrate Brain Daughter again?) Not yet improved. Robi, the robot boy, is worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and makes "comic" impressions and provides security tips ("Save the children, do not be under the trees in the rainstorm!"), But this is not the only Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning strikes twice," say that during this time, the "castle thunderstorm" uses skyscrapers. Since 1991, Scooby-Doo does not use the sound effects of the Castle Thunder. But my question is why do not take a direct video or "What's New Scooby-Doo?" (WNSD's two episodes did not use it and, unfortunately, it was not enough) to get a "Shaggy and Scooby Doo Get A Task". If WNSD and DTV movies use it, this unfortunate cartoon could be better. This show was first released, I watched the first episode and quit it in just five minutes! To get away from this poor show, "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" but also turned around. And what do you know? The movie "Pirates Ahoy" was really better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get A Clue" (and "New, Scooby-Doo!"). And the new designs of the characters do not seem permanent to franchising. Direct video films that come out while preparing this show regularly use characteristic designs. However, I do not recommend that the "New Scooby-Doo" likes or hates it. But if you hate the old series, you'll be happy! (Oh god, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoon is better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, a really bad addition to Scooby canon.
