Why does anyone want to see it? If it were a movie posted on YouTube by a young man, I would have to deal with my mother's video camera. I could have congratulated my family and friends for not having a good job. Unfortunately, it was developed by a very experienced filmmaker and it was apparently professional actors - it's a very, very sad movie. Sad ... and very miserable, in fact. As I said, it's been a direct hit to watch the video directly. This is also the "unprofessionals" - how can it be that story and action that we cried? The film is full of corpses and blood. In general, it did not hate to see me completely hated by violent films. However, given that no one is real, it deserves it. However, I have to warn you that there are still a few scenes that are quite disturbing. For example, the scene is pretty bad with a child who is throwing a radio into a lady's bathtub and watching barefoot and fried. There are scenes that you may hear psychic thoughts as they think to kill women. With a very terrible misogyny level. <br /> <br /> After many mistakes, the film goes to a dining room table - the ones around it are approaching each other. Eye holes without black door wearing doors! They proudly speak about all the crimes they have committed and what they have done. <br /> <br /> Then the film talked about various types of sexual crimes, murders, even vampirism and wildlife. Why I know - maybe people are drowning in such a way. <br /> <br /> So there are things I think about using the film, but it's still nice that professional actors have wondered why many Germans are selected. While they are trying to act like Americans and the film is supposed to be in California, their emphasis is strong. Perhaps the German audience watched it and wondered how the players were "realistic", but it is clear to any American that this nation is not Americans! Indeed, when there was a bush train (not captive), I wonder what everyone would want to do in the "fan film" for the severity of danger? I do not mean ... this movie was a compressive film? I do not see anyone else who wants to see it or want to enjoy it. In fact, am I wondering if anyone would encourage such a stupid and insulting film? It is worthless and deserves to be on the IMDb's Alt 100 list.
