Yes, as Goethe once said, we are trying to give a negative decision to be objective about being "something that has a great effect." "La Maman et La Putain" has been a history for most of the work done in France and elsewhere in the past thirty years, and no one interested in film history should, of course, avoid watching it. I have to overlook almost every point here to express a subjective judgment and say to people, "Do not watch, it's time to lose your time just to feel ill." And that's why "human condition" or so much and I do not mean "sick and angry" about something deep, because these critics are a line in the spectacular definition of the movie - "to suffer a severe destruction from our emotional cowardice and oppression" and so on. - and if he really succeeds in providing this message or even a broad message, the director will have a good reason to be content with himself, but his dreams can be groundless. With my film, I do not see justification for a long record of these hollows and small idols to justify or forgive with any GENERALLY message. All three main characters are deeply morally unattractive: Of course, Alexander is at the forefront, because we see most of it, and he rarely works more than thirty seconds. Marie is perhaps at least a little bit because we see her at least. Alexander's impressive and ambitious monologues certainly have some amusing value, but this attraction is one of Jean-Pierre Leuud's most likely action, and in his book Homosexual Nicholas Ray film, he is actually a director of Eustache, for ten years he has repeated the views of such reliable and deeply accepted words in the environment he lived in. I think that if 100% of the film had been subjected to brutality and indecisiveness, it was particularly tedious, worthless and insulting, it could have worked like a sardon comedy, but at least an angry viewer for this director was to give at least one long scene for Alexandre and Veronica ... We feel like they share a spiritual universe as we clarify and feel. and it is best for her to wish her success in the world of dog-meat-dogs that she has created for her, living in love with a woman and sleeping with another (mostly very flat) somewhere else and fleeing to Paris for a third. But in my conscience, it is not possible to listen to monologues for a moment about "trouble" and "hopelessness". The same is for Double Veronica, who is drunk in the panorama and acts in a bedroom by Marie and Alexandre, who acts in a childhood contravention, equated to the most brutal and brutal brutality. As I said, "La Maman et La Putain" is nothing more than a portrait of Alexander, Veronica and Marie, but a half-worthy person is three who can never get into his company. I think it's a reputation for the author to be "unsuccessful" (even though he can not even think that he had made a conscious choice to create such heartwarming characters for kinematic observation). But the problem seems to be that the director is openly convincing and unable to convince the critics of his generation: Alexander, Veronica and Marie, generally the human representative and the limitations of emotional possibilities of man. At the same time, this last idea is betrayal and insulting nonsense. Especially in general relations and human relationships in sexual relationships may be a tendency to tendency and inclination. However, the nature and extent of this disaster and the inclination to tragedy can only be determined by people who are sincere and serious in their efforts to work with them. Of course, no kinetic or authorizative genius is needed to convey information about the end of women who are acting like Alexander, the ending of hate, happiness and ending alone, or expecting love from a man like Alexander, is disappointing and painful. Explain La Maman et La Putain that, unfortunately, it is unlikely that it is limited to a few specifically anti-social types if it is interested in a historically interesting post-68 Parisian environment. But what we have mentioned here is that you can not believe that Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese is a common affair for humanity in which a film can be claimed.
