First of all, I would like to note that I can not give a reason for giving this movie one of the 10 stars! really bad! After seeing this ad, I never wanted to see this movie, I just saw it as a chance because some of my friends bought tickets and looked directly at me. Before I saw it, I had a very good idea that it would not be genius - it looked stupid and stupid for something good to go out of the panorama, but I thought through my mind "but something should be done for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson, doing something good about it. "I think some of them are particularly terrible, but they're usually just named big stars who know they're going to do movies that only increase their reputation. However, I realized that the film that I stayed for 10-20 minutes was worse than expected. I'm shocked by the horrible scenario. Actually, actors did not really know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story can be completely predicted - if you see an ad you have seen a lot of movies! And there is nothing about it - it's bound to be much more than the story of every superhero, which can be accepted when the film is set up as a satire of this genre, but it was a pity. Direction looked like realism. I felt the director wanted the director to feel totally real and evolved, and if he was a satire in the film, it was incredibly unrealistic to work. Two of the characters die at the moment in the movie, and one of the surviving characters is a line like "Oh good, dead ... time to act" and says in such a way that it's totally in any sense. About 40 minutes after myself, I would check my watch, so how far should I sit? And then hit me ... I began to think, "Have I ever seen this as a test to see if the studio can make the worst movie in this picture, and still can draw a big audience?" Another reason why this film is to be made is. The scripts for the films to be made in these days are going through a massive process of study, and very few articles actually go into production ... I do not understand how this project passed through the first stage of the project ... the latter and extremely unfathomable Ly was my negative heart and I laughed at heart - The filmmakers did not want to laugh at me, but instead they did not believe in how funny and stupid the movie was. Thankfully, I did not pay to see it ... because it really bothered me! Oh, and I just can add that two Wilson brothers, I have always chose Lukas better, because I think he is a better, more versatile player ... If he wants to get closer to OWEN's shadow, The way to make ... I doubt that you will get more job offers after spending 2 hours in this unhappy! remember, it's just a generous 1/10 because it could not!
