SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILLOGICAL, MORALLY DISTURBING The film was distributed as "Seven Spirits" in Italy. I was excited about the original topic and after some research I learned that Shakysh referred to Shiloh's Venetian merchant who had a bad relationship with the merchant Antonio when he was supposed to give him a "pound" when he was unable to pay his debt. The Italian translation is something that is characterized by human sympathy, a human being who is deeply ingenious, yet not just to be perceived by anyone who is original, but just referring to the body is a cold, rational, deep-rooted thing of the human being. Unfortunately, the original quality of the Benin plan comes from its original name: it is a cold sign for the "forgiveness" of the body, but not the original human empathy, at least the audience. the chance to see or accept the pure relationship of the spirits inside the film. The only exception is the story of a love story with a girl, which I have given, but seems to be a non-programmed event that is unable to attract true emotions. I really did not like the idea of ​​a movie: It decides to accept the thought of a person who has been hurt and killed by other people who are causing his death, guilty of suicide: It does not mean anything except incredible. He loved me, and maybe if he decided to succeed in ending his life of suicide and survival, he would be better off, so he could help the same people, and maybe many of them simply stand close to them and help them with his presence. Of course, he would not save his life miraculously: it was likely to have suffered more, but I think it could be more constructive and morally man-made. There are many unreasonable and disturbing things: The first application of God's creation in seven days (first, according to the Bible, six): What does this mean? A woman who is suffering from a heart attack, a woman who is prevented from running a bad illness and even sounds a lot of effort, does the body and body numbers of a normal human beings who are killed and forgiven by their spouse do more than they really are physically and physically weak ? The film is rescued by good players, but the rest is not an illusory sight, it is also a delusional feeling of a human being and an emotional thing.
