Contains spoilers. British film director J. Le Thompson made some beautiful films, especially 'Ice Frost in Alex' and 'Cape Fear', but 'Country Dance' is one of her more exciting suggestions. Story is one of the upper classes of Scotland and reflects the bizarre triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, a conservative aristocratic landlord, sister Hilary, and Douglas, the dead village hoping to reach an agreement with Hilary. During our career as an army officer, Charles is considered to have a "low morph fiber." This has been a precise diagnosis of the situation; Throughout the film, he stares at the world from a glance, and his main emotional support looks like a Hilary and a Whiskey bottle. The film ends with a high-level lunatic shelter. <br /> <br /> When Peter O'Toole was one of the UK's leading actors, "Lawrence of Arabia", but the quality of his work was very inadequate, and "Country Dance" is not one of his best films. It seems, as if Monty Python is auditioning for a part of the "Twit of the Top-Class Year" sketch, Charles overacts crazyly making a useless inbred aristocratic cartoon. Susanne York is better than Douglas, like Hilary and Michael Craig, but will not be really outstanding in the movie. <br /> <br /> The main problem of the film is neither the actor nor the plot but, on the contrary, it will not follow each other. They do not speak his name. There is a sneaky relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least an annoying charm in her, and Douglas's lack of love is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, in the 1960s and early 1960s, a film with a restrictive and sensitive theme, which was readily available to allow the British Film Censorship Council (which was given in 1969 or 1970), was definitely unlimited. (American title was "Brotherly Love", but it was not used in the UK, it was very striking for BBFC love) These guidelines are never developed for this reason and we have never been to Charles or his moral scatter, caused a hollow film. 4/10
