Jeffrey Combs is a human scientist morphed a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid hammerhead shark humanoid lifestyle, hoping to germinate a new species using Hunter Tylo's stomach cell research. <br /> <br /> If you see Taylor and Forsythe two business executives Arthur, Tylo's toughness and lover, William Forsythe, Roberts' employees, brilliant minds who met Combs (.. once Roberts and moved to the important position Tylo), in the island fortress carrying his research and experience. This island gives her the opportunity to attract her fresh offerings to her job and her son. They are a matter of a leap in stem cell research, which can lead to the treatment of various diseases. Combs's son died of kidney cancer when he decided to fulfill his material science to create bloody, thirsty, meat-eating creatures that could swim and walk on the dry land (.. primarily the hammerhead was left alone in a short period of time). Tylo set off with Combs' son, so after working for Roberts, his relationship with his spouse, Maria Ignatova. Also accompanying colleagues Ello Muller and GR Johnson with Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova. Combs takes them to a conference room, but they are able to fly to the island when they have good payouts and hammerhead sharks. <br /> <br /> Like the vivid features of a unique, fantastic channel, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy is a challenging, fast-paced, compact camera that quickly creates the effects and attacks (where the dog blades are split) from any solid massacre in the process. There is an indefinite idea of ​​a human being that is eating (but to split), but the attacks themselves are very strange, and are very confusing. The monster itself can never be seen in full, instant images of a part of the eye or body because of the beating of the victim. One thing is certain, you see the teeth. We are ready to celebrate the hammer shark fishing on the screen, all the dangerous, meat. Victims are attacked (and then) in a constant state, and we see blood flow to the surface of the water and many bloodshed. (.. really is the ultimate manifestation to inform the makers of the film Michael Oblowitz. <br /> <br /> The team does not create a new place like scientist, but always has the ability to bring calm evidence based on this cold-blooded solution. a group that opposes the type of electronic wiz (which, in fact, pulls it out), needs to have a leadership position when the group faces unprecedented danger, Tylo plays a very different role and is a very well-respected scientist. Roberts may be a millionaire businessman in his sleep and a clean thing to see that he's throwing a machine gun in Combs' soldiers (though his fate is not welcome), as well as Forythe and Tylo's Combs employers seized their weapons with their weapons It was really fun, as expected, scenario A deadly insult makes it possible to create unnecessary dangers to pay for the sins of the people they create, and perhaps the human anatomy can be done if these people are sensitive to attacking them intentionally after their injury. A beautiful exotic receipt is incredibly beautiful.
