In the early 1970's, the four au pairs coming to London on the same day were misadventures of "calmness." There is a Swedish girl, a Danish, a German and a Chinese. Striking out all of the story dresses involves some of Carry On-type humor, and the future of Richard O'Sullivan, who gives them insights on the English movie and television culture, including the House of House. Coronation Street Fear film of the dark Johnny Briggs, Ferdie Mayne (plays Sheikh). <br /> <br /> Most of the film is extremely subtle and impossible; Most of the film is the nakedness of women. girls are stereotypes and German Anita suffers from some kind of infantile illness - a discreet excitement with colorful television acting as a kind of child and dress to deliberately show her special parts; in a more serious film, it would be a psychiatric condition. The most interesting part of the film is a place where a Swedish girl is taken to a club in London. Here are some of the most dangerous species that are trying to swim, deceiving a medieval rocker, losing skills and realizing that it is not for the scene. These sequences have some energy in them, and we have a more interesting film. This movie, as we have ended, has an incredible and enduring life of music and upper classes emptying (here is a good turn on John Daimi), a rumored impotent public school. One of the most striking stories is the Orientalist understanding of the Chinese girl (a future cannibal film, Me Me Lay), a children's piano prodigy employer, falling opposite of each other and in the middle of the night, "Chinese birds are inaccessible, or? " The film is very tolerant of women's symbols and looks like one of the characteristics of homophobia and character. Mayne Shaikh compliments all of his daughters to the Arab kingdom, regardless of the place on earth, as they look at the future of the white slave trade as something similar to the future. <br /> <br /> Some things are nonsense, but most of them have been ruled by a fair skill by the veteran Val Guest, who made the film a part of the film above. 70s Britins use flips.
