I almost say "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. At least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) was a good idea to hate me, so the movie would be better. After leaving the theater, only the reaction looked at me and it took just 90 minutes. For years, it seemed more and more. It's time to shampoo the repetition of the poor man's endless repetition (or Jerry Springer's belief in poor people), hitting each other by insulting each other, repeating the same repetitive process. A group of stupid people, Jerry Springer, makes it difficult for the mills to make their lives more difficult, and the area that is growing is just because of the deception of the characters. It is impossible to expect what is happening. She did not care about whether she was in the show or what she was saying or sleeping with. Maybe I should not care about them. Maybe I should look at a kind of funny thing - to see their treacherous behavior naturally funny. Not too bad. Humor is not ugly. That's harmless. It can be predicted. There is something behind the humor, some kind of painful mood or life experience to work with. Scatology is not the mind. Sample. His mother and daughter are in bed. To get revenge he goes to the trail and gives his daughter an oral sex. I had the same reaction with Andrew Dice Clay's legendary babies since I had been in the shock of the Jerry Springer show a long time ago; not laugh, just yawning. Finally, I found Springer not a tough and convincing populist. If she was really a defender of the poor, she wanted a mother from Bed-Sty and wanted to talk to his children about $ 12,000 a year in New York City. Otherwise, if we failed it, at least it would give its participants a cut off its income. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, movies, books and videos. Her guests are only able to hijack round trips, hotels, and herself. He would give at least one of the money he had earned for the poor. Apparently, Springer wanted to win the film for himself. Jeez, in spite of all his wonderful works, would already have won our respect. In any case, the film is weak and boring. He can not even succeed in attacking. If you want to make a better evening, watch a bug zapper video at night and then.
