On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old woman tried to kill a woman killed by her husband, Leonie Haddad, and admitted to a tenant through a housing contract. Haddad did not know that his new hospice came to Patton State Mental Hospital, who was arrested three years ago for an unexplained knife attack. Haddad soon realized that something was "Danish rotten" and the woman began to lock himself in the bathroom and read prophets about "seven gods." The horrors of Haddad were confirmed when one night woke up to find a guest house sitting in the chest chair, saying, "God has inspired me to kill you", holding the bread knife. Haddad was able to beat the attacker with his phone, but before losing one finger and taking deep lacerations on the face and chest. He was a survivor miracle. The renter would return to the laughing academy and scream, because he would be innocent of an insanity. Ten years later he was released and now he is famous. but not for his brutal attacks on his innocent victims - notorious Bettie Page for 25 years before his incarnation was known as "Queen Curve's", "Tennessee Tease" and "Miss Pin Up Girl of the World". General Director Mary Harron, mostly known as the 'American Psycho', can be found in everything from catwalks to comic books to catwalks that impact us on a legendary cheesecake and bond model (sufficiently sounded by Gretchen Mol). TNB is a day-to-day laugh with evocative images of the 1950s, which is the number one star of pocket-sized men's glows with names like Wink, Tab and Parade, with the help of well-intentioned lovers and photographers in the 1950s. The real fantasy of his film's stardom postponed him and in 1957, a brush with the authorities on the charge of colonialism aimed at retire from the models and submit himself to God. The overall style of the film is light and sparkling, but it is dark in darkness, with its subtlety and sexual harassment, and has no effect on it. In the photographs of Mol, he plays a page that is happy, careless and entertaining - even betrayal is more betrayal than a good humor. The film happily ends with reading the Bible in a park that has no happy spouse, happy marriage, individual tragedy, and a decent marriage that is not known to her. I think that getting away from my thought is an essential part of the story's story - revival and resurrection. <br /> <br /> The page emerged after eleven years' imprisonment, while the culmination of the culmination of the mid-1980s and the emergence of a vast underground symbol, many of them were "Bettie Page". His "mysterious" loss of power only fueled any number of conspiracy theories that added to his legend. The World Press finally did not give any clue to its dark past, and soon the magazines also gave interviews to T.V and took pictures with Pamela Anderson and his lover Anna Nicole Smith at Playboy parties. He is now more famous than 'the fame', but it is only a matter of time until the full story of the 'resurrection' comes to light. <br /> <br /> The only notorious thing about the Notorious Bettie Page is that he leaves his part when it is really unhappy.
