"700 Club" should be the single largest television program in the history of television. He has been in the air since 1966 to exacerbate issues, and wants millions to be hated and deceived. The "700 Club", led by Patrick Robertson, the founder and leader of the Christian Coalition, is misleading us from misinterpreted information and spreads "news" and thinks that all warnings from the audience are the problems of homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, fundamentalists, democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists, and their fanatic religious views. This is the most fake news from "The Daily Show" or "Saturday Night Live" or "This Weekend Update" from FOX News. Of course, Pat always says that everyone who makes decisions does not curse or humiliate or harass a person. Meanwhile, the US continues to play a role in the transformation of a militarized state into a police state. Denier Wrong can take off his nose and ask for a gift from another - at least $ 100, so the member is funding the Pat-African diamond mines and buying oil from companies reprimanding the government in the past to abuse the environment. No, Pat, Zaire and Zimbabwe's genocide dictatorships were a good friend to achieve such wealth; This is for God's great glory, you know? Of course, the owners of the "700 Club" are ready to read the letters "written by the audience", accidentally writing in the same format, and all of them, written by the "audience" in the same color, have been subjected to various pressures from their hosts ("knowledge words" but they will never be able to say what happened to them in the program. Honestly, how serious is it to show a show to someone while using the poor applause? <br /> <br /> According to some films, many people have such thoughts. It's a man who agrees with Jerry Falwell on September 11, 2001, that terrorist attacks on the United States have led us to accept homosexuality and feminism.Ironic, Patin Taking into account the fact that the State Department has twice been in charge of nuclear weapons, I do not have enough wealth to avoid arrest for such expressions, given that homosexuals, single mothers, and sexually transmitted sinners, the desire to fight against any point of interest is that the Bible says that it would be effective and repatriated that, thanks to Pat, there are probably some children born to single mothers in Korea, of course, calling for the killing of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez (he, scandalous So, yes, we should not forget that this "lifelong for human life" has supported forced abortions in China. <br /> <br /> So many hijab Christians have been "treated as Jews" "they say. In Nazi Germany. "Honestly, it is almost impossible to compare the situation with Holocaust horrors, and I'm talking about homosexuality quickly spreading among the Nazi party in an attempt to ward off homosexuals? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis treated the homosexuals the same way to the Jews Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. <br /> <br /> If Pinocchio was, the nose would cover the Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe in him every day. The 700 Club is one of the worst programs in television history, and it's a bad mask, it's a worm, and there are wicked people who want to look clean, sweet, and loving, and not to limit the influence of influential religious beliefs in the Middle East to certain groups. Even if Those who do not have faith in faith also know that Jesus opposes everything he teaches, and if Jesus appeared in this "club," he would not be imitating them, but instead, he would suffer as he did when his time was in Pharisee's synagogue. I can say that Pat did not have the chance to be president. Also, he would be the advocate of Armageddon rather than the good guys.
