I do not believe the 700 Club has been a worse or worse television program for the United States than air. They are equal to the K Ku Klux Clan of the 20th century. Out of the ability to understand all the hateful good and sweet, human and clean. Daily attacks on millions of millions, millions of Americans and billions of people around the globe, not to share their views on the great, cruel, terrible and completely evil people against humanity, no television. The lie and the lies that they try to pass on as "the posthumous life" or the idea of ​​"god" or "guilt" or "devil" are in fact miserable as they appear to be ill in their fantasies. Sane people know that religion is a drug, and they should not allow themselves to depend on this type of fantasy. However, 700 clubs are in one class. They are really culinary. I believe in freedom of speech, they hate, lie, disinformation, and these fantasy ideas are far from all limits. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will start learning people who want to deceive themselves. People will be able to immerse themselves in the religious world so deep that they no longer have the true concept of reality. This kind of treatment is needed in this country, because many people suffer from their religious desires. The 700 Club is even more horrific as it raises the legitimate definition of the Cult, but according to the great wealth of 700 clubs (locked in millions of casual Americans) is above the law in that country. For those who see the film's "Matrix," you know that the film is a metaphor for religion on earth: the wicked men of every religion have devastated their own selfish purposes and that millions of people who have been dying in death and slowly dying of life, representing many who have lost all their identity as they can. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, the good city population would deal with 700 monsters like clubs in the city with torches and pitchforks. In today's world where people have lost all their choices in their choice of television choices, we have no way of escape from the plague of 700. <br /> <br /> Television rating system and the "V" chip on TV should have a rating of "R" for the religion, because intelligent people and related parents have to offer such a kind of intellectual and cruel emotional violence, themselves and their children, as presented by the 700 Club every day.
