Here we are a very classic case of patriotism. This is the case when you live in a very small country (even each other) in film history. When someone comes up with a bit more ambitious movie project? apart from the usual drama related to long-term slapstick movies from farmer families or local comedies? everyone is responsible for loving it and even disseminating favorable analyzes among the borders of the country. Especially the writer / director of this film is now a lover of a nation because he is the founder and leading singer of the famous rock band. "Any way to blow the wind" is not a bad movie, but there is absolutely no new or even remote reminder to overrated and offer (definitely within a small country's borders). This is a Flammable version of classic films like "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia", and reflects the mosaic of symbols that appear to be invisible at the start of the day but eventually come to the end. The first thing that combines eight heroes is the city of Anvers, where all live and work, but the ever-deeper relationships are transparent, and each one approaches one party. The main problem with "any way wind blow" is, at least, due to your characters. They do not really have anything random, uninteresting and honestly discredited. However, the writer / director Tom Barman intends to describe an average and regular resident of Antwerp, but then what is serious? One of the cartoons is filmed without a film projection, both of which are an unlucky novelist who is struggling with the marriage crisis, with two brothers who have recently lost their father and most "mysterious" winds continue. There are some heroes who go on a regular screen, but they are less valuable. These people simply do not care about many casual topics (such as life in the 80's, histories and intestinal movements) and philosophy. Some of the dialogues are intertwined with soft shells, especially between two twenty men from Gent, but there is still nothing unusual or memorable. The film is actually working well as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and an expanded and numerous music documentary. There are several stylish and spectacular picnic photos in the Antwerp and always beautiful music, whether really loud or subtle in the background. Generally speaking, "any road is a blow to the wind" is a delicate effort and is a great effort, but I'm surprised that there are many and somewhat boring, and I'm very surprised that many fans may worry about watching even a Flemish production.
