* Can I Have Spoilers? * Several weeks before I wrote my review for Hood for the Living Dead, I realized that I could be a bit tough in this movie. So I decided to do something that I have never done before. Review the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think like it and still think that zombies do not look at all these zombies. The story in the film is still weaker and more bare in my opinion. The story claims about a man called Rick, who works as a scientist (only patient cells, something that works on healing in animals), and Germaine's brother, both of which are not exactly the same, the original plot point) and much more. One day, Germaine is shot in a shootout and Rik calls his scientist friend and brings the serum to Germain (911, but whatever it takes), naturally the serum fails and Germaine dies "(if there is no film there) the police and the coronary (still think of the paramedics), and then returned to the scene to attack and kill the coronary van at the scene (still believed to be a busy coroner's car) and the Germaine paramedics. but I feel that if you give more details about the story, I will not want to watch it (and we will not want it anymore), but this story is at least meanders and quite slow (not meant). zo They do not look at things like mbees, they still resemble those who fight in the bar, not to say that all of them do not rot and nothing happens, but at least they must have scratches on the victims. Also, I still do not want to constantly change the tempo of the director's zombies. They did not really decide whether or not they were running zombies (like most zombie films), did not make a mistake, run zombies, but I was preparing your minds. On one stage, the zombie runs away, and in the other, she simply runs away. Sometimes they just do not look incredible (yes, I know their imaginary creatures, but still), of course, referring to the zombie who manages his hand over the wall as he goes through a dark hall and is still hit as a liar to the ground, was shot at. The sound of the film also disturbed me, mostly music could be just my copy, but the film seemed quite viable. The music in the film is important people. Especially when the sound director was called as a director, only one friend posed for a camera and hit a little zombie whistle. The player is still (in my opinion) strange and is similar to the American actors from the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The film is still bad, the House of the Dead is bad, it is better, there is no doubt about it, but then I do not say much. There is not the worst movie in the world, and there are many video clips out there that are better, but not at the end of the day. I think the film is really slow, even though it's only an hour or twenty or a few minutes (and yes, I'm not yet a launch song). This is the type of movie I am fit to present on the Sci-Fi network. Therefore, I have to give this film a mistake. But think this way, at least not a negative thing.
