Director Suoray Barjatyan's "Vivah", 20-year-old Delhi's son, Shaheed Kapoor, finds the burnt-down of a small town girl whom his father had chosen to marry. Referring to her innocence and simplicity, the Witness agrees to marry in Madhupur for a few moments after meeting at her home, and this young lady, Lady Amrita Rao, appears to be equal to her favorite impression. Marriage was established six months later, and couples, young magicians find themselves in the first part of their love, despite their geographical distance. However, Amrita, who was abducted by his uncle and his parents after his parents' death, faced a terrible disaster a few hours before the marriage. And then, Shahid has a glorious lover play and it's up to his unconditional coverage. Like Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya is a very idealistic family drama premise at the same level as the new movie Vivah. But, unfortunately, the essence of this new film is much older than so much regrettable Ekta Kapoor soaps. And the problem is clear? You can not deal with those torn clean symbols that do not have a bad bone in your body. There are many things to do in favor of anti-Indian films, and this is a crucial factor. Twenty-five years ago, Vivah Square did not feel like an extension, but it seems to be a product of a product trapped in just a time. Probably, the only saving grace of the film is actually the fact that after the beginning of sincerity, you can instantly see that the film's creative intentions are not deceived. With Barjatya's previous films, we can make sure that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, she believes in good-gold characters, believes that large families will live happily in the same roof. But, unfortunately, she has the vision of the screen can not translate. How difficult are its heroes to look at in one dimension? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virgin? I would like to say, think about it, the film that holds its hand for the first time is an hour and twenty minutes. Barjatya, Vivah, and Maine Pyar Kia may have thought that Kia was returning to their roots, but the truth is that Hum Aapke Hain Koun is Salman and Madhuri because it's the reason we are surrounded by Salman and Bhagyashree or such a fantastic chemistry. In spite of the fact that in the Vivah, the same as the Witness and Amrita, these couples were stubborn and masti. The witness and Amrita are simply strange and boring. For a film that relies heavily on music to describe his story, the director chooses only 70 styles of tunes that accelerate the fatal speed of the movie. But if I choose one reason to explain that Vivah is not working for me, then I'm not sure if I'm dealing with any characters living in Bargavian's story. Perhaps, Vivah hopes that such a perfect world is actually somewhere. But I guess I'm a little unreasonable. So give me Hum Aapke Hain Kaun's cocktail Madhuri, give me Baltim Salman, Pinar Kiya, and I'll even get Hum Saath Saath Hain's jackpot. But save me from these widows. You know, some marriages are not done in heaven. This is Vivah!
