The opening scene of this film is a ninety-minute speed. Shooting is a general, traditional, and television movie quality. Snow-drawn scenery is brilliant, but with a similar scenery of the characters held by it, there is a picture similar to the distance, for example, from the angle of feeling. Some of the adjustments are of a fairly high quality, and the job of a veteran professional is, in fact, polished and fake, with no apparent impact on 'real' conversations. The relocation of any emotional person to the heart, of course, is the way in which everyone expresses their true feelings. Movement is slow and incomplete, usually part of the cold water on your head, but you are saddened and sad for a while because you are slow to understand that you are still in an incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> A mixture of genres that Fessendan seeks to exploit. psychological tension, horror and family drama, a modest tense tension and an interesting dialogue. Mutual relationships between husband, wife and child trio are particularly unreal. The themes of family relationships that they encounter are thanks to their longstanding films, The Shining (1980). The family unit here is fragmented by the difficulty of understanding or regretting the relative uncertainty of the script. <br /> <br /> Part of the family is unlikely to be the story of Fessenden, at the beginning of the film, for a slow family drama for most of the work. Otis's "stalker" has some clear reasons for his behavior, and maybe he has yet to develop despite the most interesting and well-functioning character. The main heroes are empty lanes of people who are very difficult to deal with, especially with no feeling or feelings. Erikin Sullivan's ignorance of young character by his parents is probably part of the story, even though any reasonable person will ask his son if they are talking to an invisible person? People can accept this movie as foolish. Because there are no traditional aspects of horror-related horror films, but this film is unsuccessful because it does not want to pigeonholehole in any genre. I think deep psychological meanings are so desirable for every detail of every minute, but I think it would be better for people to analyze their points for some subtle human emotion rather than sensitive sub-human creativity.
