Do you get acquainted with child paintings? Though not the three-year-old Picasso, you have never done anything with your fingers, and you have encouraged them to do more. If the drawing brings them happiness, the parent should not have any reason to return a child. Typically, if a child likes to paint or pull, you will immediately see the basis of the future style. You will begin to see the real forms of these very primitive lips. Yes, this concept of child painting is how I feel about the cheap and decent film Bait that my Fuquan regretted. In all the accounts, this was a terrible film, which affected Fuquan's style, which began to emerge with the most spectacular moments of the moments. When you see Educational Day or King Arthuru, you're sorry for Bait's birthday in the second film of this director. When Foxx performs a strange, unusual performance, there are certain scenes that define Fuquan and show the glare behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you just pay attention to the scenes, how far is Fuquan's name "The Best?" movie listings. <br /> <br /> Fuquana's eye is updated behind the camera, and I will never agree with anyone that it's unique. His shocking ability to place the most strange camera in places to convey his simplest feelings. I was surprised that most of Hollywood jumped to this huge number of people. Even in the nature of the foolish Bait, Fuquana's greatness is witnessed. The two scenes that come directly into our minds are explosives near the horse scene near the middle and end of the film. In both of these scenes, I saw the director Fuquan's work. Unfortunately, in the rest of this movie, it was almost every action movie I created. Suddenly it is a classic organization that needs to die in Hollywood, the hero who pushes his luck when he suddenly finds something that is indefinable in his life. We've often done these two things and you can not repeat the wheel, even though you are not Charlie Kaufman (who you are). It is not possible with this genre and is proven by Bait. I came face-to-face with Fuqua, sat alone and allowed it to happen, so he had three attempts to finish the movie. <br/> <br /> <br /> For a few days, though, Jamie Foxx has not astonished me as an actor, but I am ready to give this helmet a try. I wanted to see if Girov would have a dramatic role similar to that. I regret that this was a featured film to show to producers that Foxx could manage the Collateral role. Again I was disappointed. Foxx trembled. Foxy was characterized by the nature of what Foxx had to be called for and why it was to be used when it felt like Fuqua or Foxx. plot Instead, we were on the stage at Foxx, just trying to make the audience laugh. Adding the second long quips and cultural expressions to catch the audience, understanding that only one comedian is a second player. Fuqua stopped it right away. Foxx's jokes have destroyed his character, which has nothing to do with me. Instead of developing the character, it creates a joke. What style she worked, no joke did not laugh. The remainder of the rash was moderate. That's why I have all seen similar roles. They had nothing new to the table, nothing to cook and nothing important to do for the general themes of the film. They were on the pedestrian filling the dead air space. <br /> <br /> Fugue does not control this confusion, and the last sentence supports only those charges. <br /> <br /> In general, it was a sad movie. As visually impaired and unmanaged actors are trying to pull themselves upwards, in fact, as a worthy story, the cinematic quicksand sank faster. Foxx was revived without characteristic lines and a full pocket bag. At each stage, I had not seen any emotionally, and when choosing emotionally to deliver a message, she chose to take the shirt apart from solving problems. My words are harsh? I do not think so. Some of his creativity, some invincible heroes, and any movie you want to see are coming closer to home. There is no food to eat. In this film, I will give Fuqua some credit for the two scenes, and the rest five hundred were catastrophic. When I rented this movie, I probably took it, but now I see that I hope we can force others to get this magnificent nibble. <br /> Degree: ***** (for him) two entertaining scenes to watch)
