... that Jamie Foxx would never deliver such a beautiful Oscar winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed by the performance of Foxx in "Ray" is that I'm not going to ever think of the Oscars as he talks about his attractive, indispensable movements in films such as Bait and Booty Call. People were laughing at their faces five years ago, if Jamie Foxx was one day to win an Oscar. Who knows? Perhaps, if you watch Bait, the comedy clearly shows that it is not forty. I swear, I liked the Mosque cups in this movie that did not fall. And why do he need to make those stupid sounds at every chance? Anyone familiar with comedians such as Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that the comedy works to be high and humble. If a joke was funny, it was funny. If it's not funny, then make some crazy accent does not make any funnier. With some comedians who decide to try the actor, it's a pleasure to get laugh about being characterized. In the real world, normal people are always witty and strange. Albert Brooks said in an interview on the character of the "Taxi Driver" that he liked being funny as a comedian. This is a great example of Jamie, who violates the rule, is a horrible scene with frustration of trophy shots and begins to look like a model for photographs. Can a guilty man really run counterfeit despite being thrown into a jail? Had he not been a cop, he did not want to scare him? There are so many scenes throughout the film. Another horrible series is Jamie's lifeless phone call and he begins to make a shadowy Caribbean kick. Not fun! Jamie never takes the time to joke. Comedy performance requires patience, so it goes straight to the punchline. Not even a great Mike Epps admirer, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, it was a bit relieved if it first appeared on the screen. Epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy, but at least it chooses a less basic approach. One comedy is one of several bright spots of this clunker, many underrated actor David Morse, largely known for its supporting roles as villains. The film seems to be the only actor in fact to justify it. However, the star of a "Green Mile", Doug Hutchison, is in a disgusting manner as a victim of murder. A great surprise, playing in Green Mile, plays a great deal. Antoine Fuqua proved to be director in films like "Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even in "Food," he shows that he is directing a movement to hell. His only problem was likely to involve Jamie Foxx, who was probably one of the worst jokes behind the scenario. Do not take bait if you are not a Foxx Fans.
