Let me clarify a few points to prevent confusion: I'm not a red neck. I'm not even middle or conservative. On the contrary, I am radical: Libertarian. I'm not WASP, even in states. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges says there is some kind of people who do not feel poetry and these sad people usually get their lifestyle poems. This film is designed for people who do not feel their poems, show-offs and feelings; and I dared not respect any good or any other human life or death (especially the victims are considered to be "bloody imperialists" killed in Yankee land). 11 minutes to find the original marketing idea of ​​ninety episodes, nine seconds and one frame, especially fearful and obedient. Just plain horrible. Why did not they assign a $ 1 dollar budget to the episode because individuals were killed in the attack? The whole idea stands in the midst of a foolish and fraudulent fascism. Anyone who is serious about cinematography (and seriously about life and death), certainly, must refrain from joining the ladies and the memory of these non-operatives. Burkina Faso's episode was almost an entertaining event, and one of India documented the story of an unfair and misinterpreted man in the attack, and then returned home and found that he was an American Muslim (and the truth is known to be proud of as a hero) . <br /> <br /> Firstly: "I am not interested in thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, teenagers, adults, old timers ..." and lack of good intoxicants and emotions can be restored Makhmalbaf (Iran); Lellouche (France) I'm afraid that I'm talking about Lellouche, but his episode is based on an idea that can be considered as genuine: Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitai (Israel); Penn's (USA) "Bloody Yankees deserves it." And frustration and hatred can be restored.Chahine (Egypt) confirms suicide bombers: The attacks of Loach (Great Britain), 9/11, have led to the US Chilean dictatorship serial killer Augusto Pinochetin, in his opinion, that somebody of Pinochet victims is related to al-Qaeda, and Chile is a South American country, Absolute presence of bin Laden should not be ignored, and it should also be noted that the US government's sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship are more difficult than other countries; Imamura (Japan) points out that the WWII is related to the WTC attack. Imamura has at least been related to this issue: the probable cause is a completely unusual thing that plays well with episodes, including a person who believes that the effect is a divine one. It does not seem to be scared. <br /> <br /> There are some mistakes that have been shared by some, including some Americans, and this is a belief that this film is not commercialized in the United States. censorship Nothing but the truth: This movie was not shown in the US because it was a complete fiasco. The most complicated fiasco. In Buenos Aires, which is a form of Peronism and other forms of fascism, it is even closer to the hearts of most residents, and is anti-Americanism, the film has been shown in living rooms in the immediate vicinity of the theater, and welcomed by a highly elected community: ordinary minorities who give up. Like McDonald's fast-food restaurant or an old Jewish view of canvas.
