This is not a strange coincidence that I decided to follow STARLIFT, 59, in June 1950. President Truman's sending troops to the Korean War. STARLIFT is based on the Travis Air Force Base, California, when it was used mainly as a poster for soldiers being sent to battle in Korea. But you need to do your own research to find out, because the film is called "Korea" once. We see that the aircraft flies by fresh troops and escapes with wounded soldiers, but there is no information on where these people will be shot or injured. It's strange for a movie that can be celebrated and welcomed into the uniform of the American uniform. The STARLIFT, which was released by Warner Brothers in December 1951, is a very open effort to repeat the success of the two pre-arranged moral enhancer "Hollywood Canteen" in the Second World War. Famous guests in 1944 described the stories of two soldiers who spent the last three nights staying at the nightclub in LA, which hopes to get a date with Joan Leslie. But it was just a pretext to win every star within Warners, Joan Crawford, John Garfield, and Barbara Stanwyck, within the framework of contracts with Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sidney Greenstreet, and more. STARLIFT hopes to meet two troops, Nell Wayne (a mask-like Janice Rule), and a group of Warner Bros. stars to sign up for a run-off show. Instead of Crawford, Garfield and his best siblings Warner In 1951 Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson, and Phil Harris James Cagney embarrassed by Randolph Scott and embarrass Gary Cooper. This spark brush, which combats the combined power of the star to a standard lamp, is perfectly adapted to perfect production values. Certain long scenes to save money are really really laid back with a really bad back projection. How bad is it? You can see the merging of the screen to the ground floor! To describe STARLIFT as a crowded, lazy and third-rate movie, it is harmful to movies that have a sloppy, lazy and third degree. Just horrible. Avoid this.
