I hired this from Netflix, because someone gave me Roger Ebertin's book "Hate Me, Hate, Hate This Movie" and gave it a rare zero rating in this book and at the end of the original review, Mad Dog Time should be cut off to provide free ukulele selection for the poor ". According to Ebertsin, I said it was really bad. Most public critics say not to listen and to judge yourself, but I can not say how hated this track like Ebert and Ebertin Rob Reiner's "North" has been ignored. "Once I heard about such a shameless hatred. Here we have received Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster who does not think it is not terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script is well written. But because of all the other great things about this "movie", of course, I can say that the script is not well written. The film begins with some of the good dialogues, starting with Jeff Goldblum, saying that Dreyfuss was watching Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes consists of simplest characters that talk about trickery for only 30 seconds, then someone is shot. Thereafter, Dreyfuss has a great deal about the illness. Haha. Not fun. Later, he received an unpleasant and unfinny scene that we encountered with Frank Sinatra's "My Road" parody and was sung by Gabriel Byrne to insult Dreyfussa. Of course, the scenario is five times higher than the sixth grade student, Dreyfuss Byrne, and Byrne will not just die. Do we have to look enthusiastically at the full audience or find something so mild? Certainly, I have not taken care of you or I can say something funny. I'm not disappointed with Dreyfuss (I'm so amazed by this actor) and I'm not disappointed, but Jeff Goldblum was the best-selling film of Freedom Day. history and, finally, one of the most successful films in history. Goldblum would be a flop of "Independence Day" and then feel the next role that was offered to earn some money if the "Independence Day" was a bomb? An Oscar winner and the star of two films that have earned the most money in history have found it pleasant to talk about it? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Hour" says that the film was given to another planet. Now, I just wanted to see if the debris was watching 93 minutes, and that the planet would never use this ridiculous loss of 93 minutes, so I would have to go on and watch the planet's holidays. Ebert says the movie is not good enough, and I'm scared. Each copy of the "Mad Dog Hour" should be poured over and lit by fire. I've had the worst movie I've ever seen, because it's the worst movie ever.
