After watching this movie, I had two worries about this movie: Why did this character of Chen make McGuyver-hit-man and Lee's inadequate foolishness? The root of Chen's character is that he learned to drag him to death in the underground Cambodian home for a blood-thirsty warrior and to "wild dogs". This detail indicates that it is not familiar with the seat belt because it enters a taxi and stops early during an area where a driver enters. This scene is very similar to the dim sum restaurant. He is not only illiterate, but also hungry. This is not a reference to Chen's irreducible physics; the film is not for the two early scenes, but one that causes the old vessel to be a rice mashed pot on the bottom deck. In the first ten minutes of the film, Si, Chen's malnutrition-ed, unmodernized and the only thing going for him is that his "dog" is a sort of combat style style. In spite of this, Chen starts shooting at every police officer (even Cheng's girlfriend manages to shoot a metal pipe to hit her boyfriend) and super-human force (50) character ... well, as a concrete block blocked on a metal pipe ends like a shotgun in the head of the police chief.) I bought it, depressed, got luggage, but woe, can he do something right? They are trying to cool off, prepare and prepare for a moment and beat the next moment again. The first scene runs off to Chen and misses it more than 15 meters away. At the end of that scene, a friend and colleague, close to Lee Chen, stabbed a long knife with a long knife, stabbing a good full 5 seconds, and Chen's face at a distance of 10 meters. Even at the end of the film, Lee is stabbed to death and fails again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem is that these filmmakers are trying to go in. To be sincere to Chen's character, the audience is just "killing to kill." It would be easier if Chen just did not watch the killings of innocent people through the whole horrible movie. Only two of his numerous people killed were trying to kill him, the chief of police and Lee. Others were eating, boat owners, a taxi driver, and police trying to keep him away from killing him. Generally, Chen's character is a just bloody murderer who kills what he wants. <br /> <br /> My 3 stars went to some interesting filmmakers / cameras that took part in a few beautiful shots. <br /> <br /> Bottomline: Someone did it to cling to Chen's fans. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
