I did not hear from this movie until I read an article on the Unknown Movies website that interests me. Like a cartoonist and illustrator, I admire the work of Richard Williams - I appreciate Ziggy's Gift as one of the most beautiful Christmas specials of all time and, on the contrary, Roger Rabbit has stopped being one of my favorite films in the past when I was sixteen, There is the maximizing attention to detail that went to create - but the human goes through the budget and there are more specifically its defects on the table. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are a weird candy who wants to be strange and strange. a child was experienced inside the cartoon boundaries and pulled out of the wall. It also tries to be musical. Trying to be one thousand and one other thing - do you have a freakout? Is there a mind-blowing horizon? Is a diet for childhood imagination innocent? until it finally collapses under the weight of its limitless passions and desires. It could use some of the most subtle backgrounds a bit more, but it's a great animation, though it's not a lot of stuff when you're dealing with hallucinogenic absurd, which is part of the 'movement'. <br /> <br /> The film has some problems, but start with Raggedy Ann and Andy themselves. They are show stars, but they have no personality. In fact, we all know that Andy ("I'm not a girl's toy") is a tough guy, and Annin Marcella's little girl has dropped his head, but the strange weirdness of this movie has long since been made to learn these dull grass symbols. Some strange movies can be fun, but it's just strange, because I use the word "strangeness". Toys and puppets in the game room are meant to be cute and beloved, but they are really strange and uncomfortable. Two marionettes who say and say concurrent things are the best example of this. But even when itching, and for the first time, an attractive French puppet is visually impaired, gastrointestinal swelling is relatively normal compared to the sneezing pirate captain. Yes, it was supposed to be a baby movie! Then there is music, none of which is memorable and all are played by actors who can not perform. And in order to add insult to injury, there are many songs in this movie. When Ann and Andy were finally pulled out of the game room, the first thing we did first was to read a long list of how they were afraid of the army, how each one would always be and ... yes, we get the message. It lasted forever, but at least the film brings some look of normality. Not too long, Camel, with wrinkled knees, takes us to a strange world where everything is outdated and small, because it is worse than paranoid schizophrenic - it also begins hallucinata. But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. Bitter, living, breathing. sadness, farting, steady dining pool, very surprising, creepy and extremely uncomfortable - do not believe you see - this is close to a psychedelic experience as I have seen in the film. Then, after l-o-n-g with Greedy, psychologist Sir Leonard Looney and his master, King KooKoo, resemble a sack of throne. I do not really believe in the fact that a real movie here is a capsule description - just to keep my eyes on myself and remind myself that I do not write a blog about many unpleasant nightmare. Part of the sequence of Looney Land looks like one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons. All this would be good, if there is a strange or reason behind, but not. These scenes are very strange and very long. Surrealism works only in the face of a strong idea or behind some images of the reality. But in these scenes nothing is wrong with the reality. <br /> <br /> Even when the final scenes emerge, the animation begins to seem less impressive (pirate ship, ludicrously detailed, water tremors). some producers think it's missing during production), and there is simply a recent event offering money exhaustion. Although it has a length of 86 minutes, the film feels like an endless trial, and it is clear why its original version is influenced by its reputation. The miracle of the animation will probably make headlines, and Williams will be surprised to go so far, but he did and there is nothing that everyone can do about it.
