In 1979, Lucio Fulci released the Zombi. Along with this, the former Dawn of the Dawn of the earlier revocation of George Romero for the release of Italy has been dropped back to Zombi 2. (This is also the second Romero movie for the audience). The second Zombie movie, called Zombie 2, continued this theme and eventually called the "Zombie 3". In the UK, the original Zombi movie (Zombi 2) was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, the second Zombie movie (Zombie 3) was then named "Zombie Flesh Yawningers 2" for Britain's freedom. (Do you follow all this?) So, if Zombie Flesh eaters are Fuller's Dawn, is it two days since the dead? This story of military units, helicopters and a plodding story is, of course, an indefinite thematic similarity, although it is only a figural observation. <br /> <br /> Some of Fulci's European destinations are involved in this kind of movie, dubbing and exposition-heavy scripts are terrifying. Its ecological message is so compulsory and exceedingly extreme that there is already a respectable bird's respect. It's not a good idea to combine this last item with the 80's. For some reason, I could not stop the thinking of the Mazlum (qv) of all the time I was expecting. This is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Place a mirror in the mouth of a hotel cleaner, while there is nothing to compete with topless diving, shark wrestling zombies, and eye winds in the Fulci's unobtrusive yalas. His dreamer's abdomen also cuts his hand. <br /> <br /> Zombi, the head of Zombi, who participates in the World Forum on Intercultural Dialogue, will come five years later. (9 years in the world of freedom). Stefano Mainetti's music is incompatible and inadequate, with a low locked charm of the original. Fabio Frizzi's account was one of the best things about the '79 movie. Here, zombie attacks are sounded without regrets, as Bonnie Tyler's "For a Hero". In the midst of these massacres we get an interest in an irksome love, and Roger and Kenny add two things to the acrobatic emergency and clearly describe the two moderate maço types. (With a rifle weapon is a special definition "we left the war"). But the place falling to the ground is in the zombies. The original essence of Fulcin is really spectacular, rotten zombies. The skull is coming out, worms in the nests ... They actually saw something. On the contrary, this boring tracking makes it a choice for traditional "men's face slightly". <br /> <br /> As for attention, many Romero movies are even funny. It is unlikely that he will have the same sectarian appeal, which does not include the anger of the same elements and the peculiar nudity. <br /> <br /> After telling Fulcher that he really took 15 minutes, he went on the project, and the others were pulled by Bruno Mattei. Even Fulcu would have wrapped around the crafty "flying zombie head" scene, and so I'm pretty sure that he will give the manager a loan because he has a good sense of abandonment. Unfortunately, most of the majority of the name of the title mentioned in the film will remain with this Fulci film and its impression. In this respect, he is a big drop for him, as this film thinks Fulcher will perceive the worst crime ever.
