Zombie 3, as a group of heavyweight men, stole an experienced chemist developed to revive the dead, drawn while trying to flee from the man, and chemically chemical container is broken. The man takes green chemistry on a wound in his hands, often making him a cannibalist zombie eaten. When surrounded by fresh animals, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) Bergammi), zombie birds (!) When dressed as Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and his wife Lia (Deborah) and Dia Deborah (Deborah). General Morton is in charge of the situation and must stop the spread of zombie disease all over the world! <br /> <br /> This Italian film was directed by the Italian zombie film auteur Lucio Fulci, but the story was hit by a stroke and therefore did not give the film producer Franco Gaudenzi, the second part of the film Bruno Mattei and the writer Claudio Fragasso wanted to add and complete. As you can see, Mattei & Fragasso had seen more than just the end, that many of Fulcher's films were not actually filmed and that many of them, like themselves and the Zombi 3, were just as flat as 50/50 split. The scrapbook provided by Fragasso is an absolute turmoil, not one of them is well thought out and just as stupid as it is. The scenes of zombie birds attacking people are not only technically weak, but all the ideas are just absurd. The zombies themselves do not have any sequence of zombies they see on Patricia's bridge, and the zombies are slower as they mix together, but they are looking at the place where they are exposed to poison as they are used by others, so as not to comment on the film about 10 minutes before. develops speech skills that appear suddenly daft after the zombie is over. After the 3th stage of the Zombie Scenery, many mistaken and humorous activities, with terrible and truly boring English dialogs, are wrong. Then the zombie head inside the refrigerator suddenly flies in the air and develops the ability to squeeze it on the one hand, but instead of killing Kenny & Roger at the end of the boy's white contamination suits, Kenny still refuses to use his rifles, though they did not use their rifles when they started throwing their guns, automatic rifles that decided to kill and kill their hands, the scenes were never filmed, and then Kenny had a recent helicopter, but could not go to bed for a few seconds to choose his friend, What is the horse that will burden its cargo suddenly under some excavations? Ever since they hid one another under the heap of zombie grasses? <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> All this can be "entertaining", but I do not believe it is simply boring, recurring and just a besides some unusual laughs, br /> It is difficult to know who exactly is responsible, but none of the images are particularly well-drawn. There is a mild lifeless feeling on this subject, and for some reason makers are trying to smash every scene, the problem is just a fog machine, and you see that the fog in the corner of the screen is thicker than the other, this machine goes straight out and does not look like it splits along the scene. Since it is put on the agenda in most of the day, it does not add anything to the atmosphere, and they are alive and smoke seems like they hit the scene on a foggy day. The movement is not flawless and just visible and feels the bottom of the barrel items. Even if there is not much blood and body at the start, there is a hand wound, when a pregnant woman's stomach comes out, a scene, a legless woman (actually her legs on the road & why she did not take her legs to rescue her?) And a few OK zombies so strange. Fulcin would be very disappointed with anyone hoping to see Fulci's love at the end of the 70s and early 80s, there is no good eating scene, not a bowel but a "headache" and there is not much else <br / Technically, the film is weak, special effects look cheap, cinematography is elegant, music is terrible, places are gentle and rock bottom production values. It actually took place in the Philippines and minimized costs. <br /> <br /> Zombie 3 is not something that is going on with Fulci's victory. The classic zombie plug Zombi 2 (1979) festival has nothing to do with this title, but Zombi 3 is an amateur mix of movies, does not mean it's funny enough to have fun, and has no decent connection.
