I am not indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I think that "breaking the wave" is less than a single king. I liked Dancer at night. I was amazed at the idea of ​​'Dogville', but overall training was very dry and very theatrical, and looked less cinnamon. Only the 'Europa' was a popular movie in his time, he succeeded in comparing a European film in the United States and took the Oscars for the best foreign language film, but in my opinion he did not have a good time. <br /> <br /> There is some uncertainty in which life can not escape the audience. The eternal life of Nations and individuals, who are immediately following the Second World War, who are in dark and white colors of the winners, who immediately treat the time of the captives and victims, but as a result of the catastrophic event of both sides changing the people, such source of controversy, more than 20 years ago, was new and courageous. <br /> <br /> Many direct drawings of Hijacker films, especially the first made-up films, are heroic British spies, and the continent at the peak of the continent struggles with bad German spies on high-speed trains. Trains were the symbol of the world and all their intensity and dramatic conflict. Here, the train is also a symbol of the first sparkle of Germany's rebirth after war, power, command and arrangement, discretion and nervousness. The characters living in Qatar are far from being the classic spy stories of good or bad people. A young American American of the German origin, who wants to become part of the war and the equality process, considers himself liberated as a more aggressive invader and finds themselves in an uncertain world of corruption and corruption as they do not resign themselves <br /> /> This is still a classic film treatment that betrays the directors in this case. The movements of Leopold Kess's characters, especially Jean-Marc Barr, are mixed and unbelievable. Common cinematography is not like Hitchcock, but the Hitchcock's bad imitation in the last 30s. The use of color on black and white film, often used at times of emotional intensity, is very indicative. He is not an artist of Van Trier's artistic tool, but he is very proud to think of how hard he is to be a great filmmaker. He is really great, as he will show in one of his next films, but the audience will only be left to decide.
