... but better than Caroline Munro. She made some good movies, and I was hoping it would be so good. In fact, she was the only two of the 8-11 actors who could move on to her and this other blonde girl (I think an electro-chemical girl). This movie has the worst I've ever seen. it is almost as bad as 'Psycho' (1998). When it comes to a woman's lip actually part of the lip and marty there is fake to pour battery acid. he begins to scream and his screams are probably the most shocking voice in the world. He tries to get out, but "accidentally" falls back. I say violence and story well, along with Harry Manfredini's music, but the player would be better. There were two other characters, frank and joe. I do not know about you, but they are strangely similar to akyroyd. Also, when you found the woman's fried body in the wind, you would think it would be a shout and barfing. No Caroline Munro and blonde women are the only responders. Frank and Joe were feverish and hated. I know you, but I know that if I see a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I'll smell it. In addition, joe said things like "what was an accident, was not our fault". it looks like it's nervous or scared, but does not show any facial expressions. then the blonde girl cries and "I'm afraid of obviously!" he says. and he joe grabs. I guess the actress really does not know what kind of person he is. The end of the movie is one of the most embarrassed things I've ever seen. "jaws: revenge" is more confused than the leap. all eight friends died, martyrs killed all of them, but then you see something visible as it is being chased by his corrupted bodies, and then he is still killed in the hospital as a result of an accident, and then Marty takes the dress as a nurse trying to seduce him, when we see it into something like marty's dress or a doctor's murder, and finish the film with a sting of peeling skin. this leads me to the next question. WHAT IS THE REGISTRATION?!!!?!?! did not people really look forward to seeing hell? the end has put me too much. the characters were still alive? Marty still has sadness? Do not we have events that we have not yet seen? I dont know. In general, this movie was pretty dumb. the act was true, the music was okay, the story was pretty decent (except the end). Basically, this is on the average 80-year-old young slasher flick. Just to see him, harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after film intentionally. It was the only person who really knew what this movie was. SH PILE
