The film opens in Doddsville County High School with an entertainment on April Fool Day. A group of students plays a game in the class of Martyn. When they are punished for playing the festival, they think that Marty is burning at the same time to participate in scattered films related to classroom students and that it is not sourced with acid for a comprehensive approach. . For five years, the student body members are five years older than the abandoned high school. It is no coincidence that everyone in the merger belongs to strange coins, funny fashion, as all participants are massacred and killed by a mysterious, awesome masked murderer, which is increasingly complex and fraudulent. Sherlock Holmes does not solve the mystery of the killer's identity because, as you can see, there is no one except the fearful Marty who uses his rare anger and high intellect to twist his physical and engineering laws. the school for revenge scenario will be established. Marty is a strange one, as he refuses to give revenge on his former tormentors. Marty finally pushes her out and takes her life. Finally, the film is in a strange strangeness because the whole scenario of revenge comes first to make a ghost, because Marty remains in the hospital bed, freezes her limbs, shouts her nurse, and finally the scenario is tired and terrible the film's logic suffers from the terminal condition. Only originality comes from the ridiculous ways in which the victims are sent. It's absurd - it feels complete-a-dream. Almost someone touched on the inimitable character of the movie and the writer decided that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is brazen. Some scenes were so dark that I had to stop the movie and play on the TV color. The player is sub-par, even for slasher movies. I can not help but think that casting is a part of the problem, because all actors think that the characters they show are at least five years older, which can make the flashback scene even more intentional. <br /> <br /> In some cases, we will not be able to overcome the film. <br /> <br /> Therefore, it's like this. It's not the worst movie of the genre, but it's far from the best.
