I do not know if this movie problem is more or less error in the Direction or Script. As you can see in many estimates, the style of editing is often unacceptable. If you look at some of the tricks taken from the movie, it can be considered a good thing, completely amusing and unsympathetic. I do not write many reviews here, but I felt that this film was so scared that it deserves a comment. A film of this kind is made in the form of Art. Such films show that current Reality shows the quality of characters in the focus of the cinema. People are crafting there, they have 5 emotions and they have a sense of business - they look at their inner life. But I do not blame them, it is more a failure than this age - it is classified by such films. But I can not say the producers by these Producers. Artists avoid the need to have an internal life or a screen - to spread to everyone. She is a very popular actress (saturated dance floor after they have signed it), saturated, exaggerated, liners, unusual, linear areas. All is different and still the same. It bothered great music to push the emotion from your throat. A story? character development? or lack of information, appeared to create an effect of a later story - as if one were created. All of this resembles a far-offness. This is a cartoon of stereotypes and genres. Where are the conscious films? What is the sound and music that you are not even aware of? What is the depth of the eye? What is the correction of a point about mind and consciousness? Even in action films, this can happen. Certainly, they have been crafted. but what use of spirit and wisdom does he use? to give people an idea? Could there be people who commented on this and that this art is a difference, or that they could compare it to Picasso and others? - With Gandhi or Big Daddy, I put even the original trilogy of star wars or the lord of rings; then look at me and say again. It's a good squad, but you need help with the depth and story. I hope they take it because I love the crew's previous work. Better luck next time.
