This was a delayed Mexican product from the cartoonist Cardona (BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]). Like many genres from this country? K. Gordon Murray was released in the United States. Since Cardon had no visionary, as he had already mentioned two efforts? and it's certainly good that it has already taken its share! The film is, in fact, strangely characteristic of the horrible journey that characterizes Mexico's terrible trips, but it is an extraordinary addition to the attractive color (which, unlike St Nik, is in front of the reds), Satan plays an important role in all processes. In any case, the plot includes Satan's efforts to stop Santa's death forever to meet Santa Claus's children; However, there are more places along the way: From our start, our Portuguese, white bearded and chronically cheerful red-red live sky, with puppet-makers all over the world reading with their toy-makers in their mother tongue (awesome for all first wheels) Merlin looking? King Arthur is a prominent magician in the palace, but here he is entertaining in a fun way and resembles a child in despair! ?? to achieve the potential for each year to make the younger and invisible potential (in fact, the anachronistic presence of Wizard can not be less than a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein after Drakula [1974]); However, this time, always seems to have gained a lot of weight? So Santa should work to adapt to every horse chimney! The devil's antics (who, with enthusiasm, stretching their hands on each other), was able to capture St Nicki's delivery program, but their tit-tone shenanigans resembled even the older Laurel & Hardy routine. more than anything else! In order to miss time, we focus on three sets of children: the first is that a couple of wealthy couples who want more than Christmas do not want to have a puppet who wants to have a puppet (her child is stabbed to predict any of her parents' fantasies) first of all, to steal his horned son, then force a small man to dance his wishes), and the Brats Triangle, once again punished by Satan, has nothing to do with corruptions, and eventually falls among themselves. Here's a definite idea, but it's a little hearty or clever, but overall a small approach keeps the entertainment (if the movie does not seem to be a sinful pleasure), Bey is also good!
