This Santa movie starts in a strange way and Santa can be a pedophile. Instead of the usual elf toy manufacturers, this Santa has kidnapped children all over the world and makes them read a bit like "The Small World" characters! Unfortunately, there are no child labor laws on the strange astral plane he lives on (probably not on the North Pole, but on Earth)! None of these children seem to be very happy and I wanted to break the commandos and save my teeth, even though some of the third-world children were working on local strikes. I hope all the things they do and are entertaining. <br /> <br /> Then, many things in the scene and many devils change directly to Hell, which dances as Busby Berkeley's music. One of these amusements is that the Devil ordered a ladder to go to Earth to destroy Milad! Personally, I thought this movie was already over! The devil and his skills are really lovely stuff made up of Harvey's comic but cool dirty things! Or, like Puerto Rican, a vejigante mask with a goat! <br /> <br /> In any case, a Mexican child with a poverty-stricken Lupita is the main battle for Satan and Santa, a crushing group who wants to ask Santa and some of the richest children! So, if the Darkness Prince (Donald Trump, NOT THE PRINCIPLE OF ANOTHER) can be stolen and miserable in one way, he will 'win' - we do not really know! In fact, as you root her, you will get the impression that film artists intend to be Jesus for Santa - all these powerful powers and the devil's fighting the children's souls! Then Santa meets his comrade Merlin. He wanted people to create a special powder that dreams of good dreams. Considering Santa's smile (like demented chipmunk), you should use this drug LOT! He looks at a blacksmith who has a magic key that opens his door. Given the fact that children are kept by their "helpers", the main thing about this magic is that I am very disturbed! During Santa's Christmas trip, Lupita behaves like an angel - a problem down there. Santa then takes over time to take care of the rich child of parents who are selfish naked. They give them a kind of cocktail that solves their problems magic - two problems have been solved. Alcohol / Drugs is a rare case that helps children and solves problems! The little mugams give them coal! Infamous with Santa's fallen losses, Pitch then strives to steal naked (drawn by creepy animatronic deer). When it fails, Santa's "magic dust" breathes! As a result, Santa can not seem to be invisible to avoid dogs. Uh, oh ... How can Santa get a Betty Ford Clinic if he hit a tree? St. Is Nick going down the tree and bringing back the monkey or the devils? If you need it, adjust it and see it. However, make sure the movie is naked! <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is the final one. Even though it's color, it's really foolish. Music is often done with one organ - along with a bad performance among children, produces the worst soundtrack I've ever heard. And the story is just incredible and very, very, very creepy. A Santa who abducted the devils and their children is just plausible. This is a movie you should never show to your kids, but it's a great movie to watch with your friends to laugh from beginning to end!
