In 1968, The Evil Evil, the Deathly Hall of Fame, is the first and foremost actor of the fourth and last hero, starring Boris Carloff, and Jack Hill and Juan Ibanez. "The Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), "Evin Evi", released in 1969 after Carloff's death, is still alive in 1968. Most of the "Evil Devil" are regarded as the worst of these four films. Of course, all of them are unhappy, but surely they enjoy their comic comedy. Undoubtedly, because of the fact that at least one logic is even more extreme and that there is no decline in any of the films, I personally have the stunning story ("The House of Fear" and others) in Europe in the 19th century I do not know if I can really say "plot." After some girls have been murdered and disassociated, an enthusiastic body player, Mathias Morteval (Carloff), invites little relatives to a strange mansion and is full of toys. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to give anything more than a jail, but I'm sure it is quite a strange movie, and Karloff's character has some things, especially some funny moments.For Boris Karloff was one of the brightest and most important characters of the Horror genre without any doubt and he can reward him with a small portion of the size of this strange movie The role (or poor scripts and routines) are in no way intimidated, deliberately appear to be playing with a sense of humor. The film's successors are again played by Julissa, as is the case with the "Snake Men" and "House of Fear". <br /> <br /> He is an enthusiastic amateurs who support their performances, scares cinematography, and places and scenes are hated. This story does not have the least logic and dialogue is often the smallest sense. However, this is a poor story and dialogue that is entertaining to watch the movie. "House of the House" can be a terrifying attempt of a movie, but it is, of course, funny as it is bad. Ed Wood's admirer of films should be very entertaining, and I personally found hilarious. Even though it's crazy but fun, it's worth looking at Boris Carloff and the fun factor. 3/10
