Fallen Ones begins with the archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien), who discovered a giant mummotic remains of 42 meters in length, and now you have something that you can not see every day. Matt is working for property developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to make a holiday resort in the ground and I am sure that he is archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller). In any case, both of them try to understand that the team has lost their hands, and Morton is calling for security with Ammon (Navid Negahban). Meanwhile, an ancient translator, Lord Eli Shmidt (Tom Bosley), translates some ancient text (like it), and is shocked to learn of a gospel that would rise to the world of Fallen One. Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who played a minor role in the film as an ancient warrior leader at the beginning of the film, Fallen Ones personally was a terrific movie, and it was as simple and straightforward as that. forward. There are very bad things about the technical and conceptual level The Fallen Ones, the script does not give much sense and will not be able to go in the last 20 minutes. I almost lost my will to live. The character is awful and as klichel you want, dialogue is as bad as it is, very bad and predicting the whole film, will I tell Casper that Van Dien will not come as a surprise to save the day? It is not a big surprise that the mummy giant will return to his life, and if so, how much of the audience will be in comedy, why wait for more than an hour? That's bad, too bad. <br /> <br /> VanHook's director is not impressed, the battle scenes are totally horrific, and why your wicked men decorate with a violent shadow? They look at naffa. The special effects of the giant Mummy to give a little credit is really good, although there are some normal size Mummy because many do not appear for more than an hour. Unfortunately, they are used for any great impact from the Mummy (1999) group and is actually spent as some funny relief. Mechanical Mummy was a pretty good idea, but it was silly and there is no way in the Earth that all the people within it can work together to work together, in fact, the more ridiculous. Do not forget about any fear, tension, or atmosphere, and even do not think about any obvious or violent. Technically Fallen Ones is not something special and has gigantic gigantic Mummy Effects, so little to excite. Imagination CGI and water effects are terrific, prepared and shown for television. <br /> <br /> Dagestanians may have something Dien & Bosle liked these days. <br /> <br /> Fallen Ones is a bad movie, as I'm concerned about no two ways to do that. No level or no way should be recommended, to avoid one.
