ELEPHANT WALK was a thoroughly boring movie, and finally, I was really happy to go through a huge number of elephants and finally finish this movie. Taking into account the money and shooting, I would like to ask Dana Andrews, as well as a lover of Elizabeth Taylor, to expect the movie to be a better one. This is not just age difference, but I do not see pair as a couple. Perhaps some of these can be the fault of Miss Leigh's replacement of Miss Taylor at the last moment because of Miss Leigh's substitute mentality - although I have trouble seeing Andrews and Leigh. In addition, Miss Taylor did not even try to use an emphasis on British women. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor and marries in England. Plans return to Finch tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and appear to be primarily a good life. But there are no women to talk to women, and homeowners are surprised. Moreover, once you return home, Finch acts as a fraud and Taylor is unhappy. Neighbor Andrews can see it, and he tells him his irreverent passion. But Taylor is still not ready to leave his marriage. In the course of the film, Finch looks at Liz as an object, and finally he is ready to be emptied ... When the blue ends, Holer strikes the farming. So, Andrews, Finch and Taylor continue to work together to get rid of the day-to-day, though I'm not really interested in this, because there is no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is pretty elegant and you can not understand. <br /> <br /> is not particularly attractive or convincing, and despite being a decent budget by Paramount, the film is indifferent. I was particularly surprised to find that many scenes were shot in a studio with unrivaled backgrounds, especially when the film was filmed. On one stage, for example, Taylor, Finch and lot sit in the verandah and the herbs are bright green. Then, when cutting the right people in front of the picture, grass brown! It is clear that Ceylane is not really on stage at this stage or on a giant sinking Buddha scene. My advice is to earn some coffee, or at least get some coffee. Despite its budget, this is not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, can Miss Taylor be pregnant along part of this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning), she wears a smart dress, looks like a double jaw and looks swollen. This is not a criticism - women are pregnant! What would I say if you care carefully? <br /> <br /> By the way, in many respects the main characteristic GIANT - really looks like a great Taylor movie! It's incredible that casting and decent leadership can do a lot.
