When I read the summary of the film, I know that what happens when a person receives God's authority and then learns that the forces of nature need great responsibility and strength, although this was a clever and original concept. Casting also promised a lot: Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How could it be a good idea to film a good player and talk about withdrawal costs? Possible. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are frightening. Bruce Nolan, let's be honest, let's give a very good story to a fairly average journalist, a very nice story (a giant cookie, a mistake and a story like a complete fiasco of the Niagara report), a beautiful man, a sweet home with a succulent sweetheart and with the potential of OH HORROR, DESERVES (not a good journalist, he is not a comedian)! Dogs that are not trained at home! Yes, Bruce soon said to GOd at the beginning of the film, "Why do you hate God?" Naturally, the average follower should think: "Why is life wrong, Bruce?" Bruce is not a human being with real problems in his life. Many of the difficulties that come with him are small and he is not worthy of any fuss, and some are really the result of his foolishness. Many people really care about the big problems, and most people are paying more attention to people that Bruce does not seem to be as real, very funny or neurotic, but God still appealing to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman is as beautiful as God, I can not help asking what he has done in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his authority? In this film, God can give his 5-year-old child the power and can not be a difficult one. No, wait, a clever guy will probably use God's power better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? To create a romantic atmosphere, the moon draws near, the red soup fragments, the pretty women's clothes on the street, responds to prayers by e-mail, and realizes it all! No, Bruce, please! Bruce could actually end the world, but this does not happen in the film because it's a "nice, family, little movie" and does not make any sense! It's not a sign of anguish, true humor, height, the harshest! There is nothing. Only Carrey begins to look miserable about the middle-aged actor, playing silly. Aniston here is simple. Bruce's lover plays Grace's pale, unexpected character, and remains unforgettable in this film. In the right mind, nobody will believe that there is no chemistry between them. When Grace reads a prayer for Bruce, it is not only clever and miserable, but entirely lying. These two do not mean to be together. I would give three stars, but I suspect that one of the films is worthy. Bad script, bare dreams, lack of true humor, lack of confidence and lack of sophistication, as well as undefined characters and Freeman and Aniston's roles, lack of courage and sarcasm are worthy of all films. But OK, there were a few funny moments and Freeman is always nice to see in any movie, allowing you to leave the three stars.
