In the Hazzard district of Georgia, Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) are working on the moonshine, run by Boss Hogdan (Burt Reynolds), uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson). <br /> <br /> After looking at some of the movies, she told me that, despite this movie, it will not start soon. I love it as a stupid comedy, but it does not smile. It was a very difficult picture, which was really hard to sit in the first hour. The second part was a bit better, but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The film paid great attention to Bo and Luke. Generally, the character was not very interesting and the actors who described them did not do a very good job. <br /> <br /> Acting was not very good. I did not expect it to be good at first, but none of the results were funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both lower the average performance. The latter was just as good as Stifler, but here it works very hard. Secondly, just looking for a paycheck and nothing else appears. Jessica Simpson is not recognized for the player and is known not only for his performance. It is famous for its reality show and really dumb things. He's pretty, but he's a weak actor. It does not matter if the movie really does not appear and that the character he plays is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson also has a small role and he does not do anything special. <br /> <br /> The scenario was written by John O'Brien and by Dz. He's been filming two films before Jungle. The first one was Grave, Cradle, it was okay. Secondly, Starsky and Hutch were pretty laughable. Although the story is a mess, it does not do a good job here. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things to make this movie work better. The film is a long time for a comedy. Okay, 106 minutes is not exactly long, but in the first part there is very little humor, because it feels so much longer. I think the comedies need to be kept in the shortest possible time, or we need to find a lot of money to cover all the working time. The Hazzard Dukes have enough funny gags to last only thirty minutes, 106 minutes. The car's sequence was moderate and they did not get rid of a movie that's already anxious. In the end, Hazzard Dukes may appeal to a few people, but most likely will find this shock, and it is best to skip it. Rating 4/10
