As you can see, there is a good reason I have never heard about Dr. Hackenstein, and some of your comrades accidentally poured on him and decided to give him a chance. For these reasons: it sucks! It's a very trivial, boring, imbecilic and totally unmemorable horror comedy / parody. Actually I have to be honest that I'm not sure it's meant to be a comedy. Because sometimes the script itself is very serious and is really enthusiastic and genuinely working hard to make the original 80th fear of anxiety. In 1909, in the beginning of a new era in medicine, according to the sequence of the opening, Dr. Is Elliot Hackenstein full of need for three women? but does not renew his beloved wife who accidentally killed him. He is now just living alone, but the foolish body swords only provide men's cadavers. When Dr. Hackenstein says, "She needs three women's bodies to bring my wife back," her words are not even cold and only miraculously three young women (and really annoying nerdy children). Why does not it happen to me? "I need a lot of sexy women to fill my empty space!" ?? Look, nothing! Anyway, the good Doctor fulfills his desires, but unfortunately ?? for science? Brings one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" tries to earn money for the success of "Re-Animator", and as a classic-speaking hack, he plays some of the comic aspects of this classic one at a time. It's easy to see what's happening here or not, because it's not about horror or comedy. The funniest character is undoubtedly the loud speaker, the female grave robber Ruby; anti-cherubic Anne Ramsey has been described. 80's horror enthusiasts, of course, will recall Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend", where a poor old brother played a basketball decapitated neighbor. The term "Dr. Hackenstein" actually occurs in the early 1900s, but attempts to recreate the atmosphere of that era (perhaps excluding some cars). Dr. The Hackenstein Laboratory is composed of all kinds of fluorescent colors filled with smoky pencils and test tubes 80.
