The Haunting, the original, I know, is a great ghost story, and it's perfect in this movie. This haunted house is a thrilling story of four people who go home with their simple voice and action, which scares people. If you appreciate the film, it remains so effective. So, when Haunting was restored in 1999, many people are pretty much "What is it?" But in my opinion, if a remake is fairly respected and just wants to re-create a story for the new generation, I'm pretty cool with it. This is not necessarily a dull shameful embarrassment that spends your time and I guarantee that I will not be afraid. pfft! PG-13, what do they think? <br /> <br /> When my mother's death and her brother hated him, Nell accepted a phone call and said that he had made an advertisement for Dr. David Marrow's insomnia research at Hill House, an insomnia researcher. Upon arriving, Nell responds to a strange couple and Mr Dudley, who has no property left after dark. Shortly afterwards, two other participants in the study, Wild Theo and the "bad sleeper" come along with Luke Sanderson Doctor Marrow. Unclear for the participants, Dr. Marrow's true purpose is to learn psychological reactions to fear. Every night, guards chain doors outside Hill House, preventing everyone from entering until morning or morning. There is no business telephone inside the Hill House, and the nearest town is just a few miles away. Dr. Marrow praised Hill House's story. Having said that the house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain planted a home for her husband, hoping to fill up with a large family full of children, but all of Crain's children died at birth. Crain's wife had killed himself before the end of the house and Crain was a fuss. Theo and Nell are beginning to experience a strange event at home, strange noise, and uncertain temperature changes on the first night. Nell is confronted with the "welcome home", "Eleanor" in the main corridor, and is extremely embarrassed to prove that the house is angry by the souls of the victims of Cain's cruelty. He learns that Crain has settled his wealth by killing kidnapped children when they use slave labor and not using them more often. He lit the fireplace in the house to hide any evidence. He also learned that Crain was a second wife of the Nellin, Carolyn. <br /> <br /> Everyone thinks that Nell is the place he is. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you to stay away from this movie, it's really foolish and meaningless. The player did not talk about Nelly, Lili Taylor was totally disgusted with me, his performance, his appearance, and everything about him, and I did not start doing what I did not see in the movie again. Catherine Zeta Jones did not just play her role, and a beautiful actor once again lost her talent. The effects are from above and beyond, and I do not believe that hell will throw a beautiful classic out with this hell. If you think not to be afraid of something, do not be afraid that you can turn an incredible story of excitement into a frightening piece of dread. Oh, this movie is frustrating for me, I just do not see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
