I am not pure puree. A movie could have been made from this game and it almost required change ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest ambition of this material is completely lost or misinterpreted by the creators of the film, which is a "blind blockbuster" mode. It would be challenging to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could do the same with Attenborough. <br /> <br /> Onstage A Chorus line is a triumph at the workshop as a production method. Responding to a casting challenge, the dancers were sitting around the bumps on stage career practices (more than 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took a while, gave them a song, and threw them to their own. ... admirable! Incredibly modern. The ACL's story is to respond to a casting challenge for a game without a full view, because it does not matter. Twenty-five years ago, before the project was created, a similar idea was dealt with. The ACL was still a live reductive tendency, and this is a sign of modern creativity: this technique itself forces itself ... there is more drama than you can synthesize with the more invented characters in a person's life. What a wonderful idea. It was an event to reduce the visibility of the spectacle in three different ways to avoid the audience, a vision area (a blank scene) and a background. The place is back and the actors' stories are carefully monitored. Only worked well. That was the point. All these ideas are trampled or bastardized. The dancers did not have any suits until they went out for the last springs, and this stunning "One" finally moved strongly in full (gold) ball hat and queues. We know this because we follow it in practical sessions. The game's pent-up discomfort was released --- and the audience was nuts. <br /> <br /> Grampa is like an immersed, drowning bird after these manhandles. He initially respected all the choices of jazz (and Fosse's stage part Dancin). Hamlischin's score was strange and interesting, but time did not help him. It's like "jazz hands" like schmaltzy. And there is something touching Attenburg's beginning. It is remarkable how good it is to find and mix it. <br /> <br /> When making this film, a simple question could help Attenburg: "Can I take a few minutes with people like this?" The main issue for any adaptation of the game is how to solve the 4th wall of the movie theater (based on the absence of the theater). Never had more "frontal" games. They replied, "sorry ... what was the question?" The cast was widened by the unique stories of the crowd that strangled each other and the audience, from a controlled number, and mingled with their living creatures. The small invaders on the stage, while performing (currently), go straight to the audience and walk on the rope. The game understands the people of the theater. This movie wants to drown them. <br /> <br /> Maybe Broadway's characters go directly to the stage center and not with other symbols, but in the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon). But playing the worst imagination will make this movie more livelier. <br /> <br /> A chorus line is pure chocolate.
