On Broadway, the Chorus Line is pure magic. Secondly, the show is really a great show with a spectacular energy party, a delightful curtain of all the choir members we love during the show - we have been busy - intensive personal stories, some funny, some of them elegant, and some of them mix the chorus line. The film is completely different. The focus is on the director - and what's the ogre! Whenever the movie goes through Michael Douglas, he shouts and shouts when he gets the chance, and puts off questions and commands and expresses bitterness. Yikes !! Changes the story's dynamics. At Broadway, the director had a truly spectacular offstage, but he was a theater instrument that enabled him to explicitly and clearly explain the stories of members of this beautiful, strong / frail / hilarious chorus board. This job has a reason for the Pulitzer Prize! And in fact, one of the only things that the director has to say is to relax the young Puerto Rican Dancer after hearing the dancer's heartfelt story. It still looks to Cassie to reflect the true love and concern. But in the film, the director of the second Douglas begins playing with harsh orders, and the story of the members of the choir line becomes secondary. Perhaps they are in an exciting profession, where they demonstrate joy when creating a new exciting theater show, and they are forced to choose the choir members. At the stage, there was always the excitement of the show. I'm sorry for everyone who is practically doing this in the movie. During music, we bless each of these chorus members and we will be happy when they are all at work! Of course, it did not happen. But eventually, when they return to the strange suit, sometimes with their beautiful spinning mirrors on the stage, sometimes they reflect us in our hearts, and we know that in the heart of all choir members they dance in a very dear profession, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the obsolete story lines and accents, this magic is completely diluted. All our feelings (even with the same curtain call), some members have a common inspiration. All of them come to the screen and dance again. Great job.
