For movies that have never seen on the shores of the XORUS LINE and are only exposed to the story, this movie is nothing but a movie, not just something special. I saw the show four times in Broadway and even voted for a tour company that once featured a movie, and the 1985 movie version for someone who has memorized its original production was so scary at such a level that even when you do not know where to start. Firstly, for those who never listened to theater production, make sure that IRL, director, producer and choreographer do not ask for a game and do not know why you want to be a performer. For true theater audition, for a game or music, it rarely takes more than five minutes. If you choose to dance as a dancer, you will do it once, and then you decide to make a decision immediately. The original concept of Michael Bennett's show was to introduce uninitiated passion to implement and implement dancers, and why so much sacrifice was so small. The game is about these dancers. First of all, film director Richard Attenborough raised his relationship with Cassie / Zach and took on the dance that Michael Douglas played in Zach. In the game you do not see ZACH ... It's a trance behind the theater, and its connection with Cassie is untouched. Cassie was added to the film shown on the traffic to participate in the election and conversing with Larry from the top (a non-game character), and drew attention to the story. Great musical pieces are cut or re-thought. The opening number of the performance "I'm hoping to show" shows all the jazz and ballet comedies, and then people disappear. In the film, they collect three hundred dancers and show them in a film they can not approach ("Audrey Landers") to hide the fact that they are filming people. "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Salam Love", a brilliant vocal study of the dancers' childhood memories reworked as "Surprise, Surprise" for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. In the show, "What do I do for Love?" A touch of allegory, all of which was dubbed for dancing in the show, turned into another standard love song in the film, played by Allyson in a mistaken manner like Reed, Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is not boring and unimaginable, and does not put a candle to Michael Bennett's original composition, and choreography should be special when you take a movie about a dancer. There are several good dancers in the film, such as Gregg Burge, Richie, Bobby, Michelle Johnston and Janet Jones, but they are hardly able to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers is also the best show at chewing gum. one of the numbers "Dance 10, Visible 3." I think the "One" is finale, but it's about two hours to wait. I would say that if you can not see anywhere in the scene, this movie may look eye-catching, but if you're dedicated to the original Broadway music ... do not be afraid ... do not be afraid.
