*** THIS POST SPOILER (S) *** I'm not a great fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in other ways. He has his own fan site with "Chuck Norris Facts" which is really entertaining. But this movie seems to be jesting to one of the audience's "facts" in a movie. I do not really remember when I spend my time comparing this "action." Here's what I know about the worst movie: illegal and thousands of times the terrorists and all else trying to attack the United States by smuggling nuclear weapons or perhaps speaking "great" dialogues and wise words about life. Terrorists can be one of the worst in English they speak in everyday life. There is a list of never-ending heroes. Not to mention the great amount of archival pictures used in the film, it is a bit of an outrageous thing. The chief terrorist sends his comrades through the media and is smart enough to see the treatment: of course, Chuck Norris. Nothing else in America is smart enough to see it! And all the action is simply ridiculous. A man is sent to go through the entire terrorist camp (I lie, he has a KNIFE), runs stalkers with JET PACK, and then a few hundred, perhaps even a thousand miles off the coast (the border with Afghanistan flies away from the 450 offshore). I hope at least the battlefields will be good, but it's even more funny than that. As you know, 85% of the terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO opened fire on them. In addition to killing them easily, it is only possible to shoot and shoot at one shot, and the bad guys fly just a few meters as infants. Can you watch and watch this movie all the time? I did. Why? Because I wanted to see if these two super heroes break the nuclear bumper of a few hundred megas and the size of a MICROWAVE size. And then I realized what was foolish. Of course, this is Chuck's movie. And not just nuke with dwarfs, but he does it - TWICE! <br /> <br /> So, the creators of this film have posted the addition of Chuck Norris on their website: Can I write a book about all the stupid things in this movie? Chuck Norris Protects Nuclear Bomb? Yes, you can do it twice!
