Often I express my appreciation for Reny Harley's directorial style and should be praised for some filmmaking. Unlike Harlin's "Science Street 4" and unlike "Die Hard 2," there's something missing from this movie. This is my friend, a script. In such films, dialogue is always terrible, but it is a gold medal for foolishness. There are many sad lines in this movie, and I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is painful and it looks like a porn movie that is far from a motion adventure. Harlin says that if they slow down, they can do the script. Again, it's wrong. <br /> <br /> It is a sad fact that there are some talented actors who have bad roles in their bad dialogue. Stallone is never my favorite, but when it's moving around and around Lithgow, Turner, there's something wrong with this picture. Lithgow has played one of the best guys in the "Ricochet", but still lives here as someone who can not move to save his life. How is it possible? I've always been a great admirer and Stallone, who is still speaking on the phone. Part of Turner is very small and meaningless, but it still seems missing on the screen. Michael Rooker can move. I know it because I have been witnessing the "Day of the Day", but it looks like she reads the cards she signed. Did it come for this? When Rooker and Lithgow talk together, I just wanted the movie to end, or both of them found heroism heroically. Unfortunately, none of this happened. <br /> <br /> What brings me to Harlin? It can be really guilty of this confusion, apart from scenarioists. This is the blame I have never been involved with, because it should really act. The scenario is not very good, but still the actors' performances are to destroy this movie and to lie to the director. I do not pay enough attention to how much money is paid for special effects that are very good, yet you can not sacrifice the movie with horrible moves. <br /> <br /> Moreover, this movie seems to be pacing off. The opening sequence was good and the plane scene was very good, but how do you assess the outcome of the heist? I understand that they were trying to make tension with all the calls and whistles of the plane scene, but if they did, they would not really bother me. Maybe the bad guy will be an early winner, maybe I should be one of the worst movies ever!
