"52 Pick Up" just does not work. If you have anything to do with Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or have a terrific game, especially with proud John Glover. But the book should be turned into a film that has a lot of pulp, slow-burning, noir thriller, a movie that Oscara has to challenge, but should this show a staggering, strange crime story? or in the 1980s, Schwarzenegger's sword champion. Detroit (a place where Leonard lived and knew for years) understands that he is trying to make Leonard's script in Los Angeles, but in the end it can not be. For example, Mitchell's wife was a smart device that made her husband a city guide (not working in the book), if you think, the only way you blackmail someone in a sexually exploited city in the 1980s was for Barcelona or for any potential sexual scandal. Thereafter, in a more conservative eastern state such as Michigan, a) his small porn industry could be a tragedy of an average desperate middle-aged middle class partner in three hopeless ways and b) to blackmail only one of his adultery if their superior careers and old friends are not shocked. Consultant Ron Jeremy was a colorful, stylish porn Mecca in Los Angeles in the 1980s, more like Leonard's dark, shady world tour buses, dirty flats, and more than a drugstore on a depressed town square. Nevertheless, if Los Angeles makes the decoration more attractive, there may be such a fairy tale - there are many dark crannies and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell comes out of the film without dancing with a sexy, beautiful Uebermensch problem. While struggling with a failed job in the book, he was the official representative of the crushing union. He was also a secret skeleton during the war that covered the friendly fire, but never came with grips. The stories of Elmore Leonard have a central picture of a strange civilization, usually between a criminal and law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell, Alan Raimy, who has been living in his office, directs financial books to him and carries out more practical ransoming views, making such a center image. Glover's tea-house plays with convincing intelligence on the scene, but Scheider describes the victim here as "the good man", as it ruled the situation, was more Rambo with M-16 around him. "52 Pickups" ends with one of the worst results, taking into account the original story and all the ideas that come into play. Raimy Mitchell was captured by Jaguar and captured by a mysterious bandwagon by Mitchell, who plays a spectator who wants the "sweet revenge" of Chuck Norris, not the smart balanced world of Leonard's book. Mitchell finally runs away with difficulty, and the conflict between good and evil can easily go somewhere. I left the theater that was shaking my head and depressed. How much loss is your talent.
