David Chase's "The Sopranos" is perhaps the most famous television program ever. Not only a group of intellect and passion, but also a soul. Absolute readers know now that James Gandolfini * BUSINESS * Tony Soprano, a big bubble, a mob boss with a b * tch spoiled by a spouse, and two bratty, Sh * t-brained children living in a hole - you've guessed it - America's rear part (ie, New Jersey). Tony is committing a murder, not betraying a woman but also a non-repentant, Saturday Night Live sketch of decent cartoons for subordinates. Tony is something that offends me (and probably only me). The cartoon does not allow the American TV to decide who and whatever, no matter. But the Chase and the Pulitzer, Emmy-nefis writers did not allow us to follow Tony and his crew behaviors, and even organized crime (a la "The Godfather") to the action / reaction reality (even so-called). Instead, Chase praises and acknowledges the modest, severe, and corrupt way of life of her characters in the same way as Tony, a husband and even a hair transplant psychologist one week a week (or month after month). Perhaps the 13th episode of the show comes out with the same durability as the moon. The "network" structure of the array is that it does not go anywhere and it is damaging to the back yard and it has been done much more than refusing to follow the pushed characters. But if the show is so bright in its structure, why do I always feel like watching a soap opera? Tired mob clichés, bored housewives, self-service, indispensable characters and areas that are not going anywhere. Above all, I see why many Americans in Italian heritage take part in this show. <br /> <br /> In IMDb, people claim that there is nothing good on television, and therefore the Sopranos (The Sopranos fresh air breeze, are they paying their own cable bill to watch The Shield at the same time? (Main or you know) How about the "West Wings"? Or is the "Boston Legal" shining brightly (if wrongly written)? Perhaps the most recent comedy about "The Emerging Development" And we should not forget that we live in DVDs - no one * is not new to watch a single thing, and I continue to prove how much HBO costs a hack-factory for $ 10 a month (or up to $ 80 DVDs) a very good thing for a very valuable box set to do. <br /> <br /> Want a good television? Watch "Crime: Live on the street." Or "Crime One." Or "Picket Fences". Chase's At the previous show, "Northern Exposure." If you're already among the brainwashing fans and critics of the "The Sopranos" legion, it's too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and all of this worthless relatives - fishing with fish. ("Sleep" would be very kind)
