A few young Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) are relaxing on a beach in the small town of Galen. They will be able to play practical jokes to each other. Mandy is hiding in an old cabin, attacking and raping an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her after hearing her cry, but she is killed. Sam Kordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are new to Galen after the death of Samin's wife. When Sam Mandi and Roy were found, Police Chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) was called to action. He runs Roy's autopsy and meets Mandy with terrible injuries. Soon, a curator at the local museum named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacking and raping. Local journalist Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) states that Sama has committed similar violence and crime in the city 30 years ago. More rifles and murders occur. Meanwhile, Jenny's wife, Tim Casten (Duncan MacIntosh), lived in strange dreams and nightmares, and thought he had something to do with terrible movements. The story of Timin and the digging of the ancient lands convinces the existence of a living creature known as Incubus, the devil, which transforms into an existing form to repeat Samni! This is a serious dreadful film of horror taken by John Hough. A scripts written by George Franklin based on Ray Russell's novel will say the least. There is nothing interesting or exciting, and ends with one of the most boring events that has ever been a breeze, and ends unhappy. The story has several aggressions, such as plods, with a snail speed, but none is shown on the screen. And there is only one look at the whole film. The monster itself is shown only in the end and has all three short stages. Everything about the production of the film is very static and straight, the film has no energy and speed. Acting is weak and there is no care and care. Take a look at the scene in the autopsy room, where you see the boom mike on the top of the screen several times. A kind of garbage movie that will be forgotten in one day. Do not waste your time, do not worry.
