Most of the reviewers here should remember that memory banks should be short-lived when trying to recall this Cubic Zircon from one stone because practically everyone could keep Loyn Bochner's Walter Thornton in a fitting rage. his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton (nearly Pia Zadora in the coma), is a nose used to be sexually assaulted in the movie ... but I went ahead of myself. In any case, poor Lloyd could stagger like a man who strangely honored the line before the auditorium. <br /> <br /> Many of us believe that in Hollywood no one will ever get a bad film today. This, of course, is not the most argumentable argument because many seem to have been so damned. But still, in the creative era, writing, casting, and filming should be kinematically curtailed when trying to hit the sex of the movie in March. <BR> LONEL LADY is in this category and, taking into account the situation, represents itself very well. Here are all the items that have a recipe that guarantees a succulent production of monuments: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress who needs to be taken seriously, will have a practical thing that can distinguish herself from her peers!); A bit of high-profile novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST Fame); they probably tried to play this cast like Clifford Odets or Ibsen, a cast that thought they were trying to work wholeheartedly; plus a counterfeit weapon to collect a paycheck, and was more a director (and apparently did not want to use the 'Alan Smithee' nickname). Lamont Johnson's LIPSTICK, Meir Zarchi's Trial, ROGER VADIMIN BARBARELLA, Paul Verhoeven'S PERSONS, or the Grandmammy of Really Bad Movie Production, Frank Perry's MOMMY DEAREST, LONELY LADY is still often discussed (often hateful, incredible) , a terrible laugh or a unique combination for each), still opposes the Hollyweird dissection, description, or pretzel logic. It was not possible for anyone to know how, how much was left in the theater or why it was still here and postponed, but it is here to stay here, regardless of whether to take it or not. I do not know that those who love really good BAD films will have another way.
