N.B.: Internal spoilers. You will receive a piece from the director's mind, which is natural and inevitable assignment of the artistic director for an operative production. But the management of the Wagner opera is a particularly challenging task. Because it is perhaps the most obvious opera composer. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg brings insight into how to download the film Parsifal, making Wagner's latest creations, depths. You get more than just a piece of the director: you get all the fatty heel and then some of it. Sibberberg will be amazed at his sons to tear their cover over the ugly aspects of German history. But is it trying to force the desire for a Wagner opera that is contrary to its concepts? <br /> <br /> The images depicted by the princes of the Holy Sepulcher in Acts I and III are full of visual allegory and symbolism. They have come from Wagner's time long ago and have gone far too far. If you know what these are, you can enrich Sibberberger's vision (but will definitely increase Wagner's vision); If you do not know what they want to say, just do not be surprised, we're just not surprised. Do not crush the opera area here. It is enough to say that different elements are a typical Wagnerian synthesis, in which case the Holy Stomach legend is associated with Christian principles, practices and circles. <br /> <br /> I was hesitant about the first action of Sibberberger (after hesitation, to save music during the day). But Akt II selects the speed. Here is Klingsor, a wicked wizard, browsing "innocent stupid" to plunder parsifalı. The biggest seductress of all of them, Kundry, will be used to bring it to the dark. After the initial stroke with more symbols, it is looted and a long, brilliant, transformation duo between the young stupid and charmers really switches off. Finally, the movie begins with a true magic, and chooses mainly to choose something natural and simple from Sberberg. Suddenly begins to work (expressive actress Edith Clever and the sweet soprano of Yvonne Minton's team to create legendary Kundry); suddenly the music actually animates the inner blur of the two characters and looks alive. The camera work is simple and fluid. In other words, Wagner allows his story to be explained on its own terms. And works fine. For me it was a part of the film. <br /> III. Undoubtedly, strangers return to the symbolism again with the re-entry of the passions in Part III. Some ideas from Sibberberg: using a massive Wagner's death mask as a huge bunch (to enlarge the composer's bare sparks comically); all sorts of costumes, wigs and makeup (as if knights are a buffoons that represent a number of time-critical layers outside the surface functions? insertion ?? After the amazing touch of Kars Parsifal, the rear-projections of the conductor's preparation, in contemporary reality, orchestra (this touched on my dramatic work requiring a few minutes to fall); Avoiding any time between the II and III periods that have been carried out (knight and "narrator" Gurnemanz should be an old, old man and Parsifal is a world-tired, old man), but of course, the most strange strike is to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components, some of which find the most striking, and certainly, Karin Krickni (who plays Parsifal 2, that too to be the best lip-synchronic of all time), but please ... Wagner's Parsifal concept is already complicated. What is the eternal wound of Amphorasus, and how is the growth of a completely innocent boy, who does not know anything from the past, to return to its leap of the Second Law, which has become the case, the return of the Law as the Great Guard? this is a journey of a magnificent character. Bi-sexual focus is just gimmicky and absurd. (And what about a homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal about this nonsense? Can we just take a mentor / apprentice relationship drawn by a surprisingly reconsidered act in the III Act?) Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays passion and beauty ( anhoraid chorus). But after watching this movie I just wanted to lick the Solti leading registration (HIGHLY TIPS) and get my Wagnerian beds flat. The movie experience for me was strange, so it was fun to be confused. According to Syberberg's credit, he has created a visual arrest case and, of course, offers a unique offer on an important opera. But not against "Parsifal", it seems that everything Wagnerian: human, life has a great impact ... all in the symbolic code. The opera Parsifal is now full of heavy symbolism: Grail, Spear, Holy Sacraments, Baptism, Amfortas's Bleeding Wound, Klingsor's Self Cast, Kiss, Kware Curse, and more. This is not to mention the musical * symbolism, which is constantly called in the form of Wagner's leitmotif system. "Parsifal" itself is a great character! If we go back to the question of the first paragraph, all the nakedness of Syberberge is a lot to me. But if this project sounds like something that can make your fancy go, then go for it. I will not only advise you to stay away from it; you can wholeheartedly agree. Or if you need something to deliver the Wagner barrier, try it ... but please do not stop here. Parsifal is in his late, very competent league.
