I know exactly that there is no statistical information that supports the link between video games and violence in real life. The movie is wrong and fake because it's just the opposite, what I'm trying to highlight in my original look. I really think that these children are influenced by video games, but the movie is not accidental because it has been created accidentally and has not followed. Clarify me. In Aileen: You can see Serial Killer's Life and Death, police-related allegations and radio waves, but it is so uncomfortable that he really believes it to be true. Viewers can make these differences. On the zero day, two children say they are not affected by the impact of something that is obviously false, since it is contrary to everything. Neo-Nazism speaks with Wolf Blitzer (not as a shameless act on CNN, but as a shameless attempt to cover his bad movie on the stage of the movie, not because he knows his name ..) and so on. This film is not a 'reality', but an outrageous thing to prove a point. Unfortunately, you fallen for the feed and you did not see it, and you could not get it from my review. The whole movie only accepts the idea of ​​Michael Moore and implements "real life" with the expectations of truth, and this is not because the hypothesis is wrong, but because of the error of the film and its failure. Of course, I do not think that playing video games is more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, Colombian children (or some teenage murderers) did not claim to be using firearms in the woods. Have they ever seen or acted as a weapon in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is that the likelihood of children being aware of the media is very effective, but not in a balanced or intelligent manner, not even an issue. Zero Day is not a bad movie, because I believe there is really a connection, but because the filmmaker does not know what HES means and what's more important to deny and support the movie. Almost new ratings given to video games are frustrated by the fact that some of them are responsible for Zero Day. If you want to guess the 'stupid' teenage killer theory, follow Bully.
