Beautiful beauty has some moments in this animated film, but in general it's not very good. Limited animation, as well as sub-standard character and background design, limit its appeal to the mass market. Character design looks like a hit between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim Possible (Brendan, which is also the main character of the key character with Kim's possible Ron Stoppable) Background design is bland and weird and strange, but today's standards are generally poor looking and cheap. The majority of backgrounds look similar to the Eastern European or Nordic animation in the mid-80s, but I'm sure they are disappointed with the modern kids' audiences used for CG slug fests and talking dogs with their fascinate wings. The story is not infinitely attracted and most of the voice actors are not particularly impressive, of course, the brilliant Brendan Gleeson, which appears on the phone in its part. There are also a few secondary characters, such as a small cliché and a stereotypical racist. However, some symbols are good, Viking Jews, though not previously used, look good, and in particular appear in the image and voice. Together with the main character and his teacher, Wolves has a moment to get rid of a beautiful Viking attack and put in a beautiful way. The appearance and emotions seemed to inspire much of the film "Watership Down", including the film's "Rabbit Rabbit" nickname and passion. The appearance is clear and clear from the Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo Saxon art, but you can look at its look when you look at these topics. There are very nice structured shooting moments that make the film very beautiful and harmonize with the eye, including the Viking attacks, which are very complicated and effective. Although everything is fine, most of the background music is melodious and dynamic, especially when it is really beautiful and thrilling by the spiritual girl and works well with the pictures. The whole movie was poetic as it is, and it is, unfortunately, a very good and poetic film that will not reach a large audience, but instead it is not a shameless audience, because most of them are looking for medium and cheap, does not meet modern animation standards. In general, a movie that I think in many ways, but not all is great, it is worth watching both music and song, and sometimes quite a scary moment. Yes, the cat lived for a long time and was convinced of how it was possible.
