Two years ago, we watched the film "Sue" by Amos Kollek in the Panorama program with the Berlin Film Festival, with the beautiful Anna Thompson ahead. This is a film about loneliness and sex, and how something else will pay for it. In the same section of the festival, we must now complain of Sue's numerous antithesis on "Memory du domaine de la lutte," which tries to convince us that she is single and double sex and is the same problem. But, unfortunately, we can not be sincere to our "hero" (as he calls the storyteller) because he is tired of the company and himself, unnecessary and incomprehensible. My fault, I'm sorry. I do not understand him. Sufficient writer / director / actor wants us to sidetrack from the heart that it is the image of his disintegrated self-consciousness or passivity of personality, what he has brought so far, the rotten society and the sexuality. Yes, there are deeper concepts about sexual relationships, but we will not pursue it until now ... And it's not a point that there is no sign of sexuality, which reflects much about its part. Those who have not yet seen, this is a pretty stunning movie ... <br /> <br /> Initially, it started in a more precise way to describe the situation. In the bedroom, the "hero" tells about obstacles coming from a new bed. Perhaps the stairs are very spacious, you have to stay home for half an hour ... THAT makes a satire about a character who does not know how to live and to give up all the heart ... Do this, but control the characters with despair. No one believes that the "hero" is capable of committing a crime against Tissar. Very boring, very kind, very passive (I do not remember the Tisserand complex, there is a ban, but of course it can not be a murderer of women!). To finish: There are women and the world, this is not the structure of a modern sexual society. We can help you, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" that declare the bankruptcy of human relationships, without having to deal with the real conflicts in the film.
