Do not be afraid for anyone who likes movies that are predictable with stereotypes resulting in a terrific soundtrack, lack of dialogue, wazoo's clichés, and at the same time a typical American movie. DreamWorks wanted to make money to earn a voice talent, or really wanted to create a National Geographic animated episode; In both ways, they succeeded in presenting a fairly soft and boring film. Spirit: Cimarron's moon is a mourning festival that sends mixed alerts to children and adults, and will not enjoy the theme of animals fighting for victory over people. After passing through beautiful animations, what you have left is nothing more than a great confusion. <br /> The soul is a stalk that looks like a handful rather than a film because it is horseman's modest, calm and uncontrollable. That is why he leads a group of high-horses that rises and raises his mother. However, freedom and escape did not stop suddenly, as a group of Americans held in the process of uniting the West with other countries. The soul (in fact, almost nothing in the entire film) is a brave native American and a father of horse, and at the same time has a lot of things to do with unbelievable, ruthless and cruel Army people. <br /> <br /> Why should movies blend traditional computer animations? Something very laughable, and a Spiritually wounded. The best example is when a train is followed after the Spirit; Hand-drawn Spirit passes through computer animation train. It looks better when one or another, but not both; as long as you can not really capture beautiful effects. Beauty and The Beast's popular dance series use computer animation, but this is not nearly as close to train or snow. The opening sequence is the best-looking part of the film, and it's upset to leave the rest of the movie a bit lower in quality. A little bit more scene; <br /> <br /> Kids can enjoy this flick, but with the lack of dialogue, song and motivation, it's just perfect. hyperthyroidism is a technique for sleeping. When criticized for Disney's cartoons, they are able to be more entertaining without a realistic approach to explaining a story like this. Bryan Adams has no place in this film, and why Hans Zimmer is far from using the West theme in this film, an event that has taken place in the Ancient West? Soundtrack sounds a bit if you ask me. At least they use the horses' realistic noise, two points for that. <br /> <br /> Finally, if you are afraid to talk about horses, why is such a storyteller often becoming the main character? <br /> <br /> Local Americans are beautiful, the nation is bad, homicide, homicide, wind, psychopathic monsters to be destroyed. That is what the Spirit has shown us more or less. We strive to make viewers hate travelers from the Wild West, to reach a point; and even to a hill, a few horses had a scene, and another scene destroyed the local population. Now the friend of the Spirit has betrayed on the one hand several times, but it is not actually a soldier, for he can be forgiven; <br /> <br /> If we do not have a soul sacrifice, we will apologize; although the Spirit should be spiritually sophisticated, even though it threatens all the horses and insults them, even though it leads to deaths, because oh! No, the Spirit is difficult! This movie is very rhythmic, because we often see the Spirit in the same way as running away from the chains, striking the surrounding area, destroying the property, releasing horses, and then being captured. Writers also appear to be cautious with cliffs, as they are scattered around the film; Of course, there is very little space for an ancient western film. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: This is, of course, not a Disney movie, but actually a bad thing, though what they targeted. So, instead of typical music, we get drill films that are predictable, dull and slow in most cases. Even when the computer is turned on, good animation is even weaker. Everything about this movie was wrong; but then the Americans were from non-native factors, bad moods, and just plain music papers ever seen. Kill Bill Vol. 2, has nothing to do with the Old West, there is a Western feeling than this movie. Give yourself a blessing and skip it with all the means you need. Thank you very much.
