It is nice to see Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer's unique cinematic trash. It's nice to see those who spend so rich and "successful" their time at the most memorable, surprising and amazing parts of all time. This film represents the most fun of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? Based on a true story. Yes, they start with some of the main news and facts they read from the United States today. But then the film goes to some fantasy world and to a "Cuban" refugee who goes to the American drug subculture; a kind of rocky on cocaine. Is a movie about Cuban or Cuban people? I do not believe in my life that there is only one Cuban in this film. The accusations are totally fake, and Antonio's mother's scene resembles a poster for Middle Eastern American values. The whole scene looks like something like Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this movie about Miami? This seems more to be transferred to LA in LA. Then palm tree is a palm tree. Is this a romantic novel? The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is apparent from gaggots, and these two characters are not likely to be caring for each other. Is this a drug film? Yes, no passion or addiction is mentioned. Actors' behavior after the cocaine line is different from drinking water. Of course, the player is in great scare. <br /> Let's have a rest. It sounds like music, disgusting and Latin lift music or something from Lawrence Welk. Do you think I heard a polka? Camera work is much more mobile and more invulnerable than with more cranes. Obviously, the photography budget was too high. The voice is bleached to a number of points and the dialogue is held in the warehouse. The writing is meaningless. It is one of those films written by the script itself. <br /> <br /> Is that even a movie? - I will ask. There may be a series of dramas that mix together for two and a half hours. But at least one drama series is in the focus of attention. Perhaps they were bringing contradictory scenes together. Whatever the film, or not, is a piece of shit.
