I looked at the full house at a young age and I did not understand why. I do not remember the show really happy. I think this and most of the Americans who follow him hypnotize the evil. It will put it in a trans state and will not return. I'm still scared, but I'm trying to go. I know it's a family show, but it does not mean it's not so bad. The show is SO cliché in every episode ending with "talk" from the father to eliminate everyone's problems. All the characters in the show are hated. You know all this, clever, darker father who wants to face the screen every time. Then there is a nice "scissors" cousin that looks good for mothers who have to watch this shit. There is another cousin who has made someone else's impression of Bullwinkle (not to mention more about me). She has the biggest daughter who can not move and always speaks about something. Then he always tells his middle daughter: everything that everyone says is pretty much. Finally, there is his youngest daughter, Michelle. They started to play Michelle, but I'm terrific actors like The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I guess you will associate it with the Dajjal. He always requires things that make it harder to be "sweet", always "DUH!" He says. and you want to throw it down because you have closed his eyes. I'm not a great admirer of using a lot of physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in his case, I would accept it. He needed it on a daily basis. It is the most selfish character to get acquainted with the main television. An example of this is that his uncle's father-in-law deals with his work at the basement. The hairdresser constantly worries and demands attention. She screams and slams her. ROOT BABY! The rest of the episode satisfies her emotional needs and apologizes to her at the end of her cousin. UGGHH! The show will slow down your IQ by destroying your will to live slowly. I am surprised that the police did not hear the news about the full house they played in the background when they found people who committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not watch the show. Thank you later.
