There, for the smallest audience, they probably did not know who Buster Keaton was. So when they see me like this, they will probably not feel very sad. I can be a silent comedy queen - every Keaton movie is still in existence. Being a great fan of this movie was very painful from beginning to end. Because during his quiet days Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian. He was physically magnificent and his films were almost dull. However, filmmakers still abandon Keaton's independence and turned into an actor of MGM, at the end of a silent era, in a film historian's move. As a great creative force, the MGM now sees Keaton as an actor and has written a great deal of respect for them. At first, these films on the MGM were not bad (like Cameraman), but with conversations, the studio actually exploded - puts Jimmy Durante in several films. Durante's humor was a gift for the gab and abrasive. Keaton, on the contrary, was calm and focused on action. It would be challenging to find two different actors that are different and inappropriate. As a result of this fatal mix, Keaton made some really scary movies. <br /> <br /> Now, this statement is not to say that it's a scary movie. No, it is not a time consuming and no strange thing. In fact, if you think that you are a comedy, it will be difficult to enjoy the film if you enter the movie. Instead, it's like a drama with several comedic elements. <br /> <br /> Keaton is a movie that will give fans especially laughs on the abdomen. Keaton is shot as a college professor who teaches all his life. It is because the world is unaware of it and has stuck in its nose books. In an angry move, Keaton's servant thinks that Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead relative. It will encourage Keaton to come out and enjoy life. It is in a strange way, but it works in some way. <br /> <br /> Keaton leaves the school immediately and leaves for New York to have some fun. On the way, he met with an incredibly untented theater team. Because he does not know anything about the world, he does not realize that he has coca. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform at Broadway. However, before the show opens, friends learn that Keaton is not rich. So, they say Keaton and try to keep it from the processor servers trying to shut down the show. If they have a hit on the show, they think they can pay their debts and everyone will be happy. But they forget that the show itself is upset. What Should They Do? And, Keaton gets a beautiful girl, roped by a gold digger (Thelma Todd), or just broke straight and will be alone? <br /> <br /> After the sadness, the film has several parts. Instead, Keaton travels in just a fraction of the way it wrapped around. There is really little to really love this movie or hatred. This is just one thing ... when it should be a better heck.
