It was during the last blow of the Western genre; Unfortunately, this is a very small and totally unsatisfactory effort - even prepared by field veterans! First of all, the plot offers something new from a distance: James Coburn's intentions to escape from the chain of troops and kill him (now retired) - Charlton Heston. Coburn kidnapped Heston (Barbara Hershey). Naturally, he was accompanied by an old lawyer - Hershey's green fiancé (Chris Mitchum) - behind Coburn and his followers, all of whom entered prison. McLaglen Sam Peckinpah is in the process of judging - he is never at ease with him: the pushing symbols, the violent strain, and the tension between Hershey's Coburn's lusty gang. By the way, Heston and Coburn had previously met Sam Peckinpah in the West - a troubled MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I need to get a revamped DVD, though I recently found the Pan-Scandal Theater version of TCM UK format). In any case, the film is characterized by a wide variety of characteristic features (also called by its name): yet both stars are in the most American genre - PENNY for Heston (1968) PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973) with Coburn! At least Heston maintains a modicum of honor - the aging nature of trying to stay ahead of the half-breed Coburn, waiting for his future action; but the latter solves the role of an unusual affair, and when it comes to the truth (Hester is simply not satisfied with the moment of revenge, forcing Hershey's partners to witness network aggression). In addition to the latter, this long sequence sees Heston Coburn trying to deceive Coburn with his craft of his EL CID (1961), then in a buggy and two 'outdated' by Heston, an outsider group. In the game, Michael Parks, an ineffective city sheriff, Coburn's Mexican lieutenant Jorge Rivero and Larry Wilcox (as it is fashioned in a form of sacrifice that does not mention Hester's death!). - CHiPs of TV series! - As the youngest member of Coburn's gang who assigns Hershey to watch (she does her best to keep her drooling companions!). Jerry Goldsmith is flavorful, but at the same time, contributes to the disadvantage.
