First of all, I want to deceive everyone who has bought a film ticket hoping to see a movie in the same pattern as the fantastic Gregory's Daughter and Hero, but ended without leaving the theater and cheated with excitement. In fact, sequels are usually a couple of prominent exceptions, there is a mistake and simply the studio leaders are available to provide the ability to succeed in the previous movie, or the original story has retreated to a slim mask or removed from the original intentions of the film . In the case of Gregory's two daughters, Bill Forsyth, on the other hand, is glad to carry out both crimes to revise the plan of Gregory's daughter and to give a clear, incredible and moronic story covering Scottish weapons dealers. Schoolgirl Gregory is now a teacher at the same school who has a hopeless passion for football playing with a sixteen-year-old boy Dorothy. Though he is thirty-five, Gregory is still hopelessly passionate, and the French have played sixteen years of age because he understood that music teacher Bel took him. Frances's desire to influence his involvement in a scheme to expose a passion for a local gun dealer who was passionate and able to become a former school friend. The rest of the story is unforgettable, and there is nothing in the real sense of the last. The main problem is that Gregorian is characterized by the fact that Dorothy does not have a mark on attractive and seductive sixteen year old Gregory, if convinced that he will eventually win it. At the age of thirty, Gregory is presented to us as a very sad and friendly creature, neither active nor funny. He watches Noam Chomsky's videos and reads magazines about international injustices. If we get rid of the two senseless scenes with her little girlfriend, who does not offer her advice or do not care for her life because of a friend's and family's appearance coming from the previous movie, we really are afraid of what Grigor really wants. he and why it is his way. Why is it, for example, friendly? Why does he still not see his father, who is still alive? Why did he go back to teach at a school he once attended? Noam Chomsky and why he is so interested in injustice? Why can it be so subtle? Why is Francesa involved? Why is not this involved in the film's last twenty minutes? Belly or French, whatever they see in the name of the heavens, or dead is dead or even interesting? Why has he continued to try and impress Frances after he became a substance and threatened to break their life completely? Certainly, a Scottish weapon dealer explicitly sells torture weapons to raiding regimes, can you avoid media research, but can protect a few schoolchildren? Does Gregory really think that some of the sea's dumping will change something? Actor John Gordon Sinclair, like his younger son Grigory, is trying to make matters even worse. Unfortunately, until the age of thirty-five, this is a single and indefinitely creepy state. Moreover, while both are lying on the gym mat, they have no sense of sympathy or empathy with a teacher with sexually explicit erotic dreams in one of their pupils. It's fun, it just smacks the pedophilia. When writing this script, it is difficult to know what happened to Bill Forsyat's head, or why the original film fans thought he would accept a story that was not entirely incompatible with the glamor, elegance and heat that made the first film a classic. I just want to plan a movie about a man who has a plan and grow up in adult life, and maybe the happiest memory is to be sixteen and the best girl in school, and we must admit that there is no life in the past. At least it could be the basis of a thematic and intriguing movie. As with Gregory's Two Daughter, it adds 116 empty and idle moments that say nothing less and less. Gregory Girl was responsible for launching Bill Forsit's career, hoping Gregory would not be responsible for the slaughter of two daughters.
