The real fear movies were filmed on Gore and sexually assaulted. Although the Blood Castle is one of the best in my assessment, other reviewers have given these mixed ratings. In 1970, director Antonio Margherti made his debut in 1970. Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why I did not understand it, though, played with rebuilt Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and he was also very good. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to adapt it to more American audiences. I do not know when I give birth. It is noteworthy that he painted and painted a black-and-white work. <br /> <br /> Castle tower is a beautiful Italian wolf. La Danza Macabra is said to be an "unprecedented" work by Edgar Allen Poe in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood are the haunted castle, and American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) said he could not spend all night in the castle. Foster agrees with excitement but soon regretted, as he is witness to a number of crimes committed by the ghosts. Apparently, spirits go back to life once in a few years, but they are condemned to re-commit the crimes they committed in life. Lord Blackwood forgot to tell Foster that his blood was needed to revive himself at the Night of All Souls! <br /> <br /> Foster and Elisabeth love Blackwood (illustrated by the unmatched Barbara Steele), despite being deprived of romanticism, Elisabeth is one of the spirits. I will not stop, but I say that the heart of the blood is a story of fear that every romantic tragedy. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very sensitive to the excellent Italian standards. In my personal opinion, they make the real horror better than anyone else, and the slightly louder and white shooting just adds to it. Fairly, the Spider Web was even beautiful with brightness and more. I love the past shoots, and most modern directors do not have patience. Indeed, when Alan first enters the castle, in a few moments, when walking from room to room without doing anything, we prevent the fear and thirst on the face and behave with his behavior. When the first ghost appears, the audience is thoroughly lined and ready. There is a good dialogue between space and ghosts, something else is not common in standard rebel stories. There are many memorable scenes for this kind of movie. <br /> <br /> Elisabeth was particularly good at the "murder" and dance (reminiscent of the flowers dancing in the Souls Carnival in 1962). Unfortunately, those who are less interested in general will never hear this movie. This is a shame, because it is a person on the left. I bought a copy of Sinister Kino and am sure it was bought somewhere else. It's important to be aware of those who are interested in this genre.
