Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little piece of the little movie, based on the concept that AIDS virus was a mutated sheep virus to survive the gay world and was tested against prisoners before the sensitive disease began. Not for the sophistication of the concept of the film, it would be included in the category of many films about infringement of the world with no infectious infective organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) was traveling from Berlin to San Francisco to explore his father's scientific prospects on his father's infection and the effects of his infected prisoners. He meets a life-long theory with hatred and resistance, and faces some people who know the theory and support their investigation. Along with the trip, a number of serial killings are held, each victim is killed in the same way, and each crime is accompanied by music slogans from the opera "Turandot", to which Puccini will open at San Francisco Opera. Stefan follows the murder of police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and fellow police (Calene Parker) on sex clubs and bars in San Francisco, seeking to find men who might be guinea pigs according to her father's theory. He is facing a strange guy Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) and has a cat and mouse charm with him, and the famous doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti), who appears to be strangely involved in the suspects. <br /> <br /> Tom Wlaschiha says that all this is a game of the film, and Stefan and Jeffery are the story of self-identifying personalities. <br /> <br /> Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti (only three of the pre-acting experiences in the film) are good at their roles, but the film's quality is less than the minimal talented Irit Levy and Kayle Parker: the story's reliability falls below zero. In other moments of life, there are some smaller komsomes by other actors illuminated by the screen, but drowned in a continuous duplication of Nessun Dorma, directed to Mario Del Monaco in the entire movie, and it could cause a movie to be filmed! It's a good idea for a movie and a good character by actors, but there's no solution to the first thing that's starting up. Grady Harp, Feb. 06
