Except for HB Warner's approximately 10 great minutes, on the skyscraper, it was a horrible jump of 94 minutes! The player was resolute, but the story really terrified me. The actor, even with early conversation standards (cereals and stilted), Lee Tracy and HB Warner, who can not do wrong). Rose Hobart was completely strange and funeral, Julie (in 1932 was Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, another excellent flick). The rest of the stones were worse, and there was nothing to describe their horrors. <br /> <br /> The player is better, but the story. For some reasons, Julie likes Liliom, women and women without any irrelevant quality. She is married to Julie, but does not support her, regardless of whether she has slept in her bed all day or by a prisoner without Lee Tracy. And, yes, she has never said good-bye to Julie and has been regularly thrown. Julie loved her again and seemed to be constantly insulting her. Even worse, this movie presents this story as a love story. By the way, we want to see Julie as a noble character who misses his pure love Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 part of this film has taken place after killing Liliom (a robbery accelerates and Liliom has more knives than being taken by the police). After his death, he tells Julie: "I always eat you, but I do not apologize for that." Finally, when she dies, she tells her that she finally loves her. After his death, God will give Lilium one more day on the earth so that he can "do good" for the unborn daughter. (No character after death, "I love you"). The cost of it is hell in 10 years. Ten years later, Liliom is now allowed on the earth one day to see her 10-year-old daughter. She is approaching her in the front yard of her house and tries to let her "do something good"; If he tries to play cards, he tries to give Graham's horn, but he is not interested and opposes him. So he picks it up. O. Slaps. With him. And then he goes back to the next situation. When we look, we tell Julie and her daughter about it. The girl says she does not hurt a child's kiss. This movie should have been a magic moment. The girl asks her mother if something happens, and Julie answers: "Someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you." Then muscular tumors and Liliom rise from the sky to the sky. BLECH! <br /> <br /> This movie had a grace of grace, and it was talks between General Organized (HB Warner was really spectacular here) and Liliom on the Sky train. The ruler did something very profound to speak to Liliom about life and second chance and death. Only this scene has hit me in this rating from 1 to 2. As a means of escaping Liliom's suicide, the Bible states: "When people die, you think that their problems are over, and you have the idea that you will be able to eliminate all their responsibilities by killing yourself, your name is still talked about, your face will still be remembered. you will not die until you are completely forgotten, and you will die. "There are many transgressive transcendental products among some of the worst garbage you can see. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story was repeatedly shot as "Liliom" and musical "Carousel".
