The answer to the universal "Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers soft and unusual direction of Michael Winner, who massively massively massively masss crater-sized plot holes massively. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines coincides with a creepy, blind Prophet John Carradine, who owns the Catholic Church. Always there in the window. Poor spells and nausea begin to suffer. Burdal Meredith (with a cat and canary!) And tenants who meet in a building like a young lesbian Beverly D'Angelo are even worse. Ava Gardner (see 55) is Realtord showing the place of Roy. Cristina's lover, Chris Sarandon, committed suicide after saying his wife "they committed suicide." José Ferrer plays a minor role as Monsignor Arthur Kennedy, "Brotherhood's Spiritual", pointing out that he is very careful when leading a high-class Carradine as well as Raines. Sarandon sends Cristina a picture of a high-level night to control the room from above, and he hears metal clanging and other high-rocket missiles here. He killed Cristina the same night, and the death of the deceased killed his father in a nightmare. Cristina, in the face of confusion in the street, confused the police detective Eli Wallach and his partner, Christopher Walken, once returned to Sarandon in a way that is a lawyer with a lawyer who is engaged in a fraud investigation. a suicide case involving his spouse. This is a fact that really motivates. She is approaching to find out who Wallach's blood is in Cristina and that Sarandon has something to do with it. You also know that Martin Balsam is a fashion photographer like Jeff Goldblum and Tom Berenger, who mysteriously understands the name of Latin Cristina and drew it, as Cristina (now refreshed) as a professor who accepts as a person interested in this room! What's more disturbing than anything else is the lack of explanation. Towards the end of the film, Wallach and Walken were forgotten and wondered how much they were investigating and leaving. Their symbols remain only on the rear burner. Spirituals know that a certain person will die and protect a certain door on that high floor and know why "when it is time now" is not enough explanation for Cristina's trauma. When Gordner is trying to show the rooms he has occupied on a cat's birthday, some dreams are not sufficiently explained when they appear to Cristina and are not missing. Not to mention Gardner's role in a great scheme ... it brings people to this high level, but what are the reasons behind the movie really? As you can see, this film has been a long time away and when it has to be terrible, it's just a laughable disappointment.
