In prison, the problem is caused by a new prison, respectively, and the state board of Wyomingdə 20 years, has decided to re-open the old state prison, Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is responsible. While he was put into the light when he was put on the agenda, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who ordered the release of 200 prisoners and entering the old executive cell, he fulfills his duties, but when he enters the light, all the electrical, gas and fire It turns out and fucks for a few minutes. Burke uncovered an unknown deadly evil force in some killing spirit and nobody is safe ... <br /> <br /> It was ruled by Reny Harlin. I thought the prison was horrified by the past 80s. Do not forget the little point that is a story. The scenario was C. Courtney Joyner on a regular basis by Empire Pictures. 1999 Classics (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master and Demonic Toys (2004) look like budget horrors, and even seem to have taken very seriously. The biggest problems I've faced in prison are so far away that 30 minutes have passed before the film's "evil force", even though the pace has been dropped, but it's too late. There's no clarity there, though. He is never trying to explain that it was an outdated "evil force" in a real executive body for a single start, which does not explain why it decided to kill casual prisoners when it was to be executed in a revenge. Doğrudan da, Warden Sharpe'yi öldürmək, Burkanın elektriklə vurulmuş və geri döndüyü məhbusun tam eyni olduğunu baxmayaraq, ona daxil olmasına heç bir izahat verilmir, Warden'ın gedən hər şeyə bağlı olduğu üçün heç bir açıqlama yoxdur bu nə olduğunu və ya niyə açıqlamadığına baxmayaraq , apart from the two early nightmare rows that seem to be something to remember. To be honest, I really can not give you a summary of the plot, since there is not really a tough story that really follows the whole film. The character is elegant and memorable, short and far short of murder, the pacing of the way, the whole movie is a mess, and even the ghosts can not straighten even when trying to hit the hero. <br /> <br /> Direktor Harlin tam Amerikan çırtma debütü yaxşı bir iş görər və yaxşı bir atmosfer var, ancaq bir saatdan sonra daimi qəzəbli, qaranlıq, qaranlıq həbsxana hüceyrələri və koridorları məni sıxışdırmağa başladı. I only consider the appearance of the film very mildly and sincerely. I did not think that I was scared, and a storyteller who differentiated between the best of the whole film and his body around his face was killed when he killed his throat in a beautiful way. In addition, there is a burnt body and a mixed body that falls from the ceiling. Müdirin qarşısında bütün məhbus minderlərini yandırdıqları bir səhnə var və sonra həyətdə onların paltarları ilə bütün gecəni durdurur, mən bu səhnəni seyr edirdim və belə bir şeylə üzləşməyəcəyəm deyə düşündüm. Burada məhbusların hüquqları var və əgər Müdiri bütün bu insanlıqçulardan milli bir səs-küy olsaydı və hər məhbus öz müttəhiminə, həbsxana xidməti və Hökumətə sahib olduqları hər şey üçün və qazanmaq istədikləri şeyləri məhkəməyə verərdi! As a whole, nearly 4,000,000 Prisons did not actually appear on the screen with their intended budget, there was a solid budget, but there is a good cast and some special effects, but it's generally commonplace with limited passion. Prison is actually hit in a real Wyoming state prison, so it certainly looks at the business. The motion is good, the prison sometimes does not have only one skeleton of an amber movie on Hollywood's closets, but in the case of Mortensen these two and the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (The Texas Chainsaw Massacre) <br /> <br /> Prison is a 100-minute dart, lifeless, colorless və yumorisiz bir israfdır, bir yaxşı gore səhnəsinə baxmayaraq, mən heç də xoşuma gəlmədi Mən, əslində, mənim filmlərimi görünən təsadüfi hadisələrdən və hekayə mənbəyindən kənara çıxan hadisələrdən daha çox hekayə olmaqdan üstün tuturam.
