I only like the original Boogeyman. Of course, this is a terrifying cliché of the 80s, but hey it's fun to watch! And moreover, it gave us a little different. So I gladly bought it, and this movie came with me (only in fact had a copy). Therefore, I thought, "Well, hell," and I took it. Wrong number 1 That night I felt a mood for watching a movie (I was actually tonight) and I thought that all that I had was shortest, so I could watch it and hit the sack. Error # 2. Yes, I've heard how bad it is, but I wanted to get a chance. <br /> <br /> A few minutes before the movie and there is the first lighting. I do not think anything at all. Then, with the dwarf forecast in the wind, new images and I love the way I go. Then the next flashback a little further away, and I think when sitting there "Well, I first saw Boogeyman know what happened, so act!" Then come next, and I'm going to screw it up and move on. And then the latter (maybe I was put forward by the disclosure, but why would he put it in the mirror? At least he could show them!) And I decided to move on, then the tip and the film were over! WTF? What happened to some things? What happened to a long-haired friend (whether he found it or not)? And more importantly, what is the writer and producer's cigarette while making this terrible POS? And what was the point? Has Annie been only aware of what happened in the first movie? Or was it the first movie in the same movie? The latter could be logical, because the knife of the Pantyhose Face occurred in 1978 according to the characters of this movie and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, at least! Lacey (the movie has undoubtedly changed Nancy's name) did not miss Uli's movie characters names, but since he was 5 years old he was only 7 and 10, not married to a man looking at only 30! Did he go to high school? And also why Pantyhose Annie will be after? What has even to do with the characters of the original film? And EVERYTHING I HAVE EVER EXPRESSLY LOST WHILE THERE IS ALL THINGS WHEN HE WILL RECOGNIZE WHEN HE DOES THE DOCTOR'S LABEL? Wow, how professional, Doc! So what is the explanation of all the questions asked above? I should try to find a copy of the original film that came with this movie, and that's where (maybe there are a few extra features, any special edition?) I should have an INTERVIEW WITH ANY EVENTS. Then I'll go back to this DVD, and hopefully I'll review it and keep it away from ignoring everyone else, so it will save movie stores and this movie may not be available anymore! Please, let it be! This review is too far away. I was forced to become angry with this movie
