I say that I refused this movie. When I was not a big BNL fan, I found the songs of childhood and dissatisfied nostalgia (worth $ 1 million, a shoe box, etc.). But I've seen clips of live shows and love the improvised and unfading nature of the show. Unfortunately, they were hoping to emphasize this film, which is the most interesting part of the show, that their music is still mild and not attractive (there is only one single solo in the middle, completely meaningless and boring), Jim Creegan though). The film is only a few minutes away and you know better) (I know better moments like in Afganistan's "Koffee Anan, my name is Steve Paige and I'm great") <br /> <br /> When I went to BNL Europe a few years ago and Effeil 99 or every 2 minutes, I heard the song "Blue" of any creature, Canada, a month later. That song came all over again, and I was chewing on my own. BNL is that many of the firefighters in Canadian camps a few years ago remember that people are playing "One Million Dollars". BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and most of them likened to a particular Canadian (Kraft Dinner, a staple for many students here and called the "Gordon" quintessentially Canada) over the past few years, and became a little gratefull. But suddenly they become big in the states, and everybody there is a new group (yes, they are new, but all of them are in 30), the castle of Canada is "Oh!" The majority of the respondents say they have voted repeatedly - regular shooting is not so great, and things like videos from massive free demonstrations in Boston turn into glasses for a very short time.The interviews are so surprising for such a funny group that I think they are all old and their families, they have their homes and stuff and settled down, and when they get into the deadly satin material they come to Spinal Tap, they then become laughs and sparks. This movie is not really a document, so I would like to say that Musa Znaimer (Canadian media mo gule) and Terry David Mulligan (Music dude) are extremely ambitious, and they are wrong in the Tap area. They have a show mostly, and at the start of the film they are bigger and have a massive picnic group, not because they are invisible and "surprise" is a methodically planned event. <br /> <br /> <strong> <strong>
