A large part of HBO - Brothers Band, Rome, and so on. After watching - before watching the first episode of "True Blood" I have to say that I have very high expectations. Jeez. Often the script was written by an 8-year-old man, some of which were just horrific (drawing on Bill's, ie bride, around the neck and magic spells!) If it were my idea, it was pretty embarrassed or just a couple of minutes before the scene, when the couple realized that Bill was ridiculous, he plans them things 5 ​​seconds later, magic! 3 of them went and did not fight, no noise or something! <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the show was interesting, mysterious, interesting, and vampires seemed to be with our modern society ... but honestly, I do not think they want to do more than a really small soap show, an average girl is always looking at, but nobody thinks about it. .. Unfortunately, the script is at least written, best written, numerous and extremely predictable I often think that this is some kind of joke or something. <br /> <br /> If you want to have my thoughts, the actors really do not make speeches. They seem to get a little show as a little regular, low-budget family television show (if you can be good, take a family part). The only actor who seems so good to me is Stephen Moyer, Bill's role. "What do you say ..." "I can pause ..." I think that a vampire is a good thing to get some mysterious horror in the face of everyone who has a vampire role. Anna Paquin was good, but more. But if he's playing his brother, Jeez, that's terrible. The scene where he was arrested is simply a shame for modern television. The operation is bad, the construction area seems to be fake, and the other two are "Why are they caught? Uh .. I guess ..." It was pretty embarrassing. <br /> <br /> I thought Sooki had something to offer for their mental powers. People are announcing what they think, but also talking and making mistakes. Often these people may seem unnecessary chaotic, probably the idea of ​​people is a pesky radio channel, and when it approaches, it is hitting the right speed and hearing everything they think. Finally, sexual scenes are not just explicitly unnecessary, and the vampire sex tape was just totally disgusting. <br /> <br /> Do not get me wrong - I've written all these comments because I thought the show was BAD, but I was very disappointed. I expected quality products. I did not think it would be like this. Of course not a good show. It's the best tool.
