There are two types of characters at SHIELD: they do not do the best of what they can do, and do not forgive themselves and everyone and every deadly sin they are talking about. heroes and everyone's only hope. More than any other show, SHIELD is related to hypocrisy and self-esteem. Unfortunately, the hypocrites and those who deceive themselves are indicators of heroes, and this typical genre-fantasy heroes have an incredible immunity to defeat or capture, and they repeat over and over again, and the show has the perfect camera function. Lead ins and fade output is always superior. It's really a work of art. Unfortunately, the story is a cartoony, a scenario that wields many violence, aggression and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero who drags along with everyone in the scheme after a successful scheme is a fear-inspiring bros. cartoon character, always avoiding and any elmer fudds (anyone who does not support his lies and murders), any kind female, character support for the show, automatically accuses the self-destructive self-righteousness of the weekly adventures. If another police finds something wrong with something he has done, and if someone is harming their actions, he always blame the suspected police, and his schemes and the fabrications and convictions are always caused. Everytime. Like 24, this show is based on richness and countless delays to drag stories for the season after the season. Troubles, incredible long-term stories make the skeleton to hang a bloody, shabby piece of meat, which is made into a story every season, with its corrupt actions and inevitable covers. <br /> <br /> Although he is heartfelt, he is the protagonist of the writers, as they try to change their sympathies forward and forward. Sometimes they want to see Shane as an enemy. Sometimes they want to see us as a poor spirit. Sometimes they want to see Vic as a dangerous, sexually-friendly. Sometimes they want to see us as a poor man with a golden heart. Sometimes they want to see Mara as a predatory Isabel. <br /> <br /> Therefore, if they think of Sheikh and his dreams and talk to her, they think she will be sympathetic and self-sacrificing. <br /> <br /> This manipulation is not enough to gain the sincerity they want. . That is what destroys other people's lives for their own purposes after displaying these symbols. We are trying to go back and forth somewhere. However, it is also unfounded to prepare seven seasons of the bumbling clowns, which have come to the beds of each super model and who are involved in criminal syndication from the police station under the nose of everyone.
