The British Public School system has not only developed with the idea of ​​bringing up higher grades, despite popular and widespread misconceptions. British colonies were designed to create administrators and governors, civil servants, and military personnel. These people were almost entirely working from middle school. When the state schools began to show their values, those who escaped the aristocracy did not get educated by teachers and caregivers beforehand at home. Eton and Harrow were especially popular with parents' grades. The vast majority of public schools have lowered their pupils down. Toh Brown, perhaps the most famous Popular School student, was the son of a country's parson, a belly earl. Thus, in the late 1960s, Lindsay Anderson's "If" cathartic ends commitments that may end up in the past at the peak of the post-colonialism of England, and the last of its old Brothers Harold Wilson's "Gannex" paste, is a delightful classroom and mild compassion by everyone. It should be remembered that an event called the October Revolution, called "the month of love," left several police officers in London with rotten heads and the US Embassy one or two broken windows, but it did. nothing. When Mr. Anderson's film reached the cinemas, the proud old revolutionaries were skeptical of what they saw when Mr Malcolm McDowell was seeing the glorious victory over an amorphous "Them" that he would eventually overlap, even though they were violently killed. They succeeded in attempts to enter the US embassy . The film did not say anything new about public schools, homosexuality, cold showers, patrician sarcastic teachers, and tradition of mind. This is a comparable statement comparing Britain to a corrupt, demoralized society represented by the school. The same school has been developing for about forty years, the English social system has not changed, and the October Revolution has for a long time been forgotten, except for those who are on the one hand or on the other, and Mr. Anderson's Country Trilogy has no effect. If you have any chance to read a book about McDowell and his colleagues on a school that has earned more money and read a book that explains these tales, "Stalky & Co." A more poignant poem than the "If" poems, named by Andersen, is a man who is quietly erased from our history. Maybe someone should start a revolution about it.
