Do you know the letters of "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" sent every year? Some brilliant sparks are not actually transmitted until they show a way to send them, but they are knocked out in a half-forgotten corner of the post office. The strange parameters are increasingly a winner and one perfectly suited to a strange film called Dead Letter Office. This is a film against a British. If it were Royal Mail, most of the letters would have been treated like this. For two years I was not in this apartment and still receive letters for Mr Wang, the last day, various catalogs for some female monks and industrial equipment from the I've-Never-Heard-Of-You church. "Dead Letter Office "(the name given to the place where the missing mail ends) is followed by the story of the growing Alice (Miranda Otto), who grew up in a strictly divided home. He writes to his parents that when he is of age, he learns that his letters have not been delivered for a reason or another. So, unreasonably, D.L.O. Chile finds itself besides other public rejections, including the nomadic Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). <br /> <br /> It's nothing against this movie, as I recall, he sees that he is approaching, but can he find the place where his father did not bring his own world of the Dead Letters Bureau? The god-terrible Heather Graham film "Committed" while watching this. But it is better than the horse's mustache, but then it is not difficult. For a beginner, this movie is more logical. True, metaphors are somewhat clear, and the symbolism of the flood is a flood. But at least it's completely complementary and exciting. It also works well. Otto and Del Hoyo are also very good that lovers know that they will never find, and the other characters are the best peripherals. Part of the horror, it seems to be very quick to get rid of this spectator with a little ghost. The other part, Australia's draconian immigration policy (ie, not speaking English, do not suffer!) If you think that such a story will not actually happen. <br /> <br /> However, Dead Letter Office is, of course, a bit different. Nonetheless, other symbols help to demolish realism by simply proving that it is less than single-stereotyped stereotypes. Not everyone can taste it, but I liked it. Yes, it can be hackneyed and predictable, but it is sometimes nice to watch a movie without a gun or violence or heavy heroism and nakedness (Australian movie does not have this chance). There is no basic laugh, there is no Bullet Time and characters are usually one-dimensional. But this is not a good story and a bright, but pleasant way to spend time. A Sheryl Crow CD is the same as the movie - it's good to listen to it again, but if you do not really miss it, you'll never miss it.
