"No one knows anyone" about the Satanist / Hazelnut bomber targeting Seville's religious festivals during the Holy Week. Become the best friend of the hero of the film. The field was built as a computer game by a bomber, as a player and himself as a hero and Seville virtual environment. The city's most real avenues and streets are starting to get the labyrinth of these old Pacman games. When we look in this way, the hero and the woman can not seem as sensual as they play in the scene where the sidekickin rayguns are followed by the black prisoners. <br /> <br /> From the start, we know that the narrative is set up as a game - the hero's job is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper; At one point, the crosswords on his screen are then chessboarded against his daughter's father. The cameras are liberalized, as they are concealed only on images that are subsequently significant (eg bar advertising). Detective / paper chase elements are a part of the ongoing game, not a factual investigation. This film focuses on the design of 'Se7en', and anyone with Catholic education will be interested in some of the events that take place on certain days until EAster. <br /> <br /> When you read this, the game is at the level of narrative, to win the victory against the enemy (in this case, computer) and save his life. But a second game, the movie itself, has a game that breaks the first. Not the killer's intentions, there are a few tips pointed out by the filmmaker and his hero. The first ten minutes of chess, referring to a clerical leader, writer Navokov and Sarin. If we recall that Nabokov, a chess-player, was the sweetest I used to wear in the 1930s, we do not see another game. Therefore, we are suspicious of the hero itself, not something. <br /> <br /> In a Nabokov novel, like the "Pale Fire," he creates a text prepared to conceal his motives in the original text between the author and figure, writer and reader. There are scenes in the film, which do not have dreams or hallucinations that hinder the vision (such as the description of the contract) or suspect the hero's views. The opening references to the games are related to it. In the early sequence, much of the character's sexual and creative impotence has been removed, so the film can try to manage its own life, earn it, and can not be real. His writer block won more games than he had stayed; According to him, the title of the film is a general author. <br /> <br /> This modesty, written by the post-modern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon), is self-reflective. This is the many Nabokovian revolution that offers a hero like Kinbote. Fincher, "X-Files", "Run Lola Run", Chris Marker (such as the city's history and history as a map and text, and the cultural history of the Prophet), buffeted anti-religion officials and Alex De la Iglesia's 'shock' The latter is a film that is a clever, clever, obedient element from destructive interest. Lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it inexplicable and ultimately permanent. Otherwise, in the work of such a masterpiece, the main interests of the film are in its documentary quality. True and fictitious fuzziness can create a work such as "Sans Soleil" or "London", but ultimately you must have a light touch to fit your intelligence.
