It's not really a movie (especially for direct television broadcasting), though it's hard to point out one aspect of the original or refreshing "Bloodsuckers". Vampires in the space are not exactly a new formula, and even after many of these monsters in this special mode, nobody understands that this is an incredibly stupid premise that can not result in a worthwhile horror movie. "Bloodsuckers" even goes a step further, or mimic the shape of every imaginable act of returning vampires and intergalactic warfare. The crew of the figurist vampire hunter is attacked by space and regularly routinely abandons a mutation that they call themselves after the usual horror symbol, because the plot and characters are mostly directed by John Carpenter's Mars Ghosts and James Cameron's "Aliens", Voorhees and Leatherfaces whom. Good guys are a plethora of stereotypes that are constantly dealing with cliché issues and dealing with disputes over extremely salient issues. Captain Damian will have to prove his leadership capabilities after more or less responsibility for the death of former (and more loved) Captain Chichel. Other teasing characters are a typical cowboy style and a happy maço pilot, a tough female fighter (Asian-born Aliens, Latin) with more balls than men on the plane and the most valuable secret weapon in the army: a Blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who chooses people. He can still make enemies when you are away from light years, and he can do bad deeds with someone's dreams of breath. Finally, they learn to work as a team when they are forced to face a giant vampire-meanie: Michael Ironside (once again in the falling role). "Bloodsuckers" - a stupid movie that is irreversible, but it tries to enjoy as long as it is pride, infantile dialogues and OTT makeup effects. The captain of the sad soldiers, once a day and blame the bla bla, becomes an unbearable boring. This movie is a series of non-stop naked clichés and creative ideas, but at least it is beautiful.
