I did not expect too much to do and expect something unexpected, when I saw it back for several nights. Creating a team of vampire hunters (V-San, Vampire Sanitation), their regular space vampires and people being killed on a spacecraft are quite loud and could be a good thing to do better with the movie. ace Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the actual quality of quality begins to fall away from the movie, but it is quite laughable to keep it in a vital condition. I do not expect anything special from these films opened to the Sci Fi channel, and at least it was not one of the liveliest features of a proud cgi animal, but it is mainly based on writing and acting, but with respect to the common mischief with a contribution. When the movie sang only a typical science fiction, noisy sounds were heard, but very often hilariously entered into the silliness of the badly gentle tubers. I was generally prone to the cheese and it was not for music selection, which was a serious mistake, making the writing more funny than envy. Actor Dominic Zamprogna was ok, but was as soft as a nominal hero, Leanne Adachi was quite uncomfortable with the vamp bust team as a harsh girl, and Aaron Pearl was not quite interested in playing another member or impression. Although Natalie Malta did not seem to have done a good job, she was less disturbed compared to others, and she was looking at her well. The only serious name in the body, Michael Ironside, is interesting, and although he is a good thing, a suspect is intentional. She is entertaining and earns her salary and her role looks fun. Effects are usually not okay, at least the average science fiction is the standard of TV shows, and there are also several scenes, including blood splatter and a little fun. Things are moving in a fine way, and I can hardly appreciate this film, but then I recall regularly laughing and laughing until the movie is a deliberate comedy. It was a very boring, indifferent, an effort that I thought, but it did not appeal to me. Just say the Sci Fi garbage or say, if you dig the unwanted shells, give it a way.
