Though actors are good, especially as Fritzi Haberland is like Lori Kor Lilly, the movie script is obsessively ambitious and completely enjoyable. A well-known theater director (Hilmir Snær Gugnason) runs for the sake of becoming a blind man after a car accident. Lilly is a teacher who has never seen her since birth, and encourages him to "see" again. (Those who do not see it with their fingers, noses and ears). Here's a movie maker in this movie; and when the journey is longer, the relationships that have been predicted since the beginning of the film are even closer. The theater director sets out to his mother (Jenni Gröllmann). His mother is living in Russia at sea and makes artistic installations - of course, what else to do! - She still lives, because she is waiting for her son and dies. My God! <br /> <br /> Finally his son came! My mother is celebrating a big party! On the beach. A wind-blowing pianist plays a real piano in the middle of a dungeon. Yes, they say their goodbye. My son came in time. My mother can finally eat pills that are run by a beautiful nurse. Now a great artist can die in the arms of a great artist, talking with his son's rough accent, and his sad thoughts, which can be lived perfectly. Since the boy is unable to see, he is not in love with a nurse - the movie script has also become very difficult! <br /> <br /> Lilly's brother remains at home, and asks him a brother who wants to encourage him first. . It's time-consuming. My mother, Tina Engel, is traveling with her lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). Bring him back after Lilly. Paul and his mother, Lilly, do not fall in love, because the film script is very difficult. The script was released to extract something except Paul. I would recommend an architect or a pianist, or, of course, to a famous person! Finally, when she finds Lilly, she has two eyes to see her, and they want to return it and return it to take care of her. But Lilly fell in love with her student theater director; <br /> <br /> This is German film art! As you can see from this ambitious production, German film subsidies do not always produce good movies because they only subscribe to such psychological intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. The film's description of coffee shops and restaurants has some impressions of high fungus. Everyone has the right to take part in one opinion. Undoubtedly, Til Schweiger has also contributed to a clever intellectual glimpse of being a partner. I was reminded of another film from this film as a painful movie: "Barfuss" - the writing of the article is incorrect! "Barfuss" DVD cover proudly writes: "A Language Schweiger Film". This film also has subsidies of Filmography NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not spoil your time with this movie! There are really good films in Germany. Take note of film directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
