Since the Netflix computer recommendation engine suggested to watch this movie, I had an audience experience near The Perfect Witness (2007). As you can see, at one point, I told Michael Haneke how much I liked Benny's Video. I know you, but this parallel shooting made me feel excited and excited about Thomas C. Dunn's movie, and I was not able to give up my time. For me, this kind of recommendation from NetFlix computer intelligence for me has reached a high level of aesthetic / spiritual film bar, which is not reflected in every single film produced in 2007. <br /> <br /> Before I answer this movie, I will continue to shoot this movie as a poor executive and banal; and I really hate it, because I think that our child, Wes Bentley, is not one of the most interesting faces in modern cinema, but the most remarkable and groundless screening skills in the United States. <br /> <br /> The Perfect Witness speaks about Micky (Wes Bentley), but this is about thirty, still living with my mother ("you are not in the pitch again"), but she is a "film director" or at least Johns Philadelphia's DVX 100B backgrounds, which will receive a retirement pocket for a kind of witchcraft shooting. Micky found "misadventure" video-instructions of a terrible innocent murder that took place 20 years ago, when he was doing his drill as a private researcher in his hands. Mickey Bootcamp James Lemac (Mark Borkowski: Mark Borkowski: also receives a loan loan) Given that he has a great deal of money and movies, such as his grand currency and movies, with his ticket to his white city gheton (not his debts to his friends and relatives who can not afford to make his treacherous films) or "Mac Knife" blackmail any and murder suspects in a documentary film about committing a crime <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is not because they have any interesting ideas for them. Both the writing and the leadership are amateurish, although the only film is not bad. Here's what these guys are shocked about in a cultural context in which a person can access the internet and access the Internet in a world of freedom. a leakage on a small Mac or PC. No movie is based on the more shocking value (of course, ironically, this is a torture film), and therefore kinematic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital each passing year. In addition, we have brought this amazing actuating power to a very strange, realistic hip boy: a two-centimeter beard and a small billboard on the skull cap, after returning at the same time <br /> <br /> Combine me, potential services. "I'm a craftsman", "I'm a filmmaker." Okay Please continue this work, Cronnie. It looks like you have bought a very expensive 35mm stock. And do not wait, at the top, follow us at the bottom, watching the average character below the film for two hours while Wes Bentley's career is down to wear all the accrutements of a "creativity". Why do not we let history talk about what it is doing, film director? According to my estimates, history will say something historically, probably not as good as you think. Yes, you will be assassinated on your dear, as you know here as Micky's best witness; With a video camera you have, it's covered with your friend's blood. Great.
