This movie can be labeled as a research study. It only implies an unhealthy and non-fictional lust for something that can only be called caco-images. The author is stealing from the fact that some Europeans are thieves because of the social events that took place in the world and in childhood ("The worst European region in Moldova", "I do not believe in one of the bird flu", "The Roman people are stealing because they kidnapped"), they are close to an artistic attitude, but it is in danger! <br /> <br /> Does not know what Daneliuc is doing, it is not enough to be a just human being - you need a part of your professionalism, talent and intelligence to transfer this position to an artistic product. Unfortunately, it's a bit like a family video that drinks drunkenly in front of guests with Uncle Gogu, the Foreign Legion. The scenario is chaotic and incompatible; it randomly subjugates some sort of half science, trying to offer an illiterate story. Direction pathetically dilettante - the so-called "director" is unable to create at least one mediocre mise-en-scene, its shooting is annoyingly annoying, and the light shines with no part of the story. (Of course, any comment has to be stopped at this level, it would be ridiculous to note the concept of "kinematographic language", "expression tool" or "style"). The player is naturally at the level of "Cantarea României" ("Romanian Chant") ... Paradoxically, a very striking football player Necula Raducanu and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita looks really fresh, but goes away from the amateur directions given by Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious part of this murder, worthy cinema, is the productive financing of production. National Budget through CNC (National Cinematography Council). It is clear that old dinosaurs, such as Daneliuc, have long been drowned in government shoulders (in a market-driven economy, with immediate elimination of natural selection). However, the so-called "jury" involved in corruption, crime, and crime in the country's non-fiction, non-cinema and non-cultural spheres.
