Bamboo House Dolls (given in 1973, 1974 or 1977, various years for this title), Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer's Omen, produced by the legendary Shaw Brothers, and Bamboo is one of the worst attempts of the whole genre, compared to Western attempts, which is usually faded with East films! <br /> <br /> The story tells about Chinese women in WWII during the Second World War (what else?) and the Japanese war camp, where they have been harassed, and the girls also know the hidden places hidden in gold, and a Chinese military officer, Shaw veteran Lo Lieh, is now a secret vehicle among the Japanese and, of course, hell to the girls. that is even more of this movie a non-working film for unclear nudity, feminine kung fuu, some ill-tortured, gore, sleaze, and very sensitive anti-Japanese relationships to clean and honest garbage. <br /> <br /> There's nothing interesting in Dolls at Bamboo House. Especially in the end, random photography seems to be fine with its sun rays and beautiful nature, but it's in the Moment Department. There are a lot of fighting scenes and always hit half naked women and hit each other. Violence is sometimes very bad with a few bullet wounds, misogynist torture scenes (for example, a poor girl is brutally cracked on a glass-filled glass bottle) and a terrifying end to end and behind it. Of course, talking about "moral" when writing about such a film is foolish, but there are still elements that can not be found in any movie. <br /> I am sure for the elements of Turkey! For example, the golden box full of heavy gold, weak and troublesome girls, can not be questioned as it does not seem to lift or move to talk about throwing it. Also, a large number of "skin battlefields" make it a smile for fans of these garbage movies. I saw the same filmmaker's Killer Snakes (1973), ten times as intense as one piece, and despite the many live creatures killed, it is more interesting to see and shows us some of the bad sides of the other side. great city and society. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House Dolls has been exposed to some scenarios, which is not a surprise to the subject. At least 104 minutes in Europe, France, Italy and Switzerland, published in Europe (non-English), 104 minutes in PAL, the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece, published in English, only 84 minutes in the PAL. Bamboo House Dolls is the most annoying form of garbage cinema, not what has been heard, cut scenes not only violence or other graphics, but also dialogue and "plot development" and so on. and definitely do not want to see anything from the Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong. Some of the Italian exploits on the same topic are more intriguing and remarkable than this ridiculous, calculated and worthless movie exploitation. 2/10
