I am a great admirer of Pacino films. He is one of the best actors in this genre. However, this film could have been a good thing, though it was a poor player. All this explains how Carlito Brigante will not go to prison. Instead, Carlito seemed to be just one of many stories that could be explained. In fact, all the questions we had in the past and even some of them were answered. As far as I'm concerned, the only way to make this movie. Instead, this prequel, which has almost none of the original characters, is a distinctive part of the original (terrible) and sees a completely different love for Carlito. Even I did not start with Puffy. After watching her dancing on all the artists' videos, then I can not get a cat seriously like a gangsta. Her friend, who opened her mouth, waited for her to dance. If anything, it made me laugh. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. For her past history, I thought she would perform an unmatched performance. He was very good. He, in my opinion, was the most "convincing" of all players. Jay Hernandez did his best, but has no skills in his career to win this role. I appreciated his energy and efforts. Pacino is hard to follow. Even the only way Carlito can be a clue about influential people is to watch the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer on a scene, then another crooked fuser. He was one of the worst of his time, but you will see only the flash in this movie. Maybe it's a pitiful way to Hollywood to try to make the second prequel to make money in failure. <br /> <br /> In general, in my opinion, this film could have been shorter or better. The only reason I gave you 3 reasons I laughed very much and Mario Van Peeples won me a little respect. A serious filmmaker took this movie and actually set the time for the story and became a true prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this movie is not taken seriously. They would have been better off making it a mini-series on HBO and actually telling the story as the original proposal. At the end of the film, there was a nervousness to think that Carlito would have to go back to the city. HEEELLLLO .... everyone wants to see this part! Again, this is just my idea. I can not tell you how to spend your money.
