Well, I gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds so I'll never go back to this trash can. I heard someone's online movie describing these people as "anti-human darling" and I thought it would be like this, because it was hopeful. Lying! The Descent was a psychological tension with dynamic characters and a powerful storyline. These bad guys are totally unreal, and it's nice to watch out for any part of their performance. This movie is not very controversial, I have seen this level in many films. This movie is simple. SYNOPSY: Its a real hot (but not that) friend of his admirer and his admirer (no, remember their names), a blonde, into the woods. Their cars are broken. They are warned by a man called Mark. The blonde is groundless hysterical, and next morning they can not find a friend's friend. Admirer touches his foot (someone!). Do not be terrified, it is more upset when the car does not start when it strengthens the nails. After a coaxing nanosecond, the blonde leaves to find help. I do not remember the events. Throughout this and the movie, there are strange torture scenes with no substance that guarantees me. Sarma is going to rescue her admirer from the Jewish home (probably all the meals that are cooked, in fact, the ultimate choice for real food to eat because there are real food sources). The blonde finds harm to the admirer and works very hard to increase tears. Then, when blonde is at home, she can get a good laugh and say "she thinks them." Mark (a man who warns himself to abandon) has a remarkable change in character when he discoveres that his family is his family. There are some shots, they leave the house, the shooting goes on, and then a random man shows and watches them. Before it is shot, we demonstrate a scene inspired in a pickle that causes more killing. It shoots it because it does not help the blonde or the admirer. There is more killing, the admirer admits his love for the blonde. It then covers a mysterious hand-held camera. What does it mean? I do not know, I hope it is not later.
