Maybe it was a hood or trailer (of course, not a DVD interview with the director, but in the form of a "kids"). At least some of the good sex scenes and brutal, bloody offenses by a strange Japanese penetrator may at least be sleazy fun. It shows that it is very sleazy for its good, bad or anything. There is a problem - you can watch it in a society and in the absence of balance in violence, in most cases, with the Pornographic Holocaust, which is sexually exploited in Italy. Compared with many sex videos and most popular porn movies, it will become a very prototypical porn and will not even have much production quality! And with killing scenes, you should at least a little tack, and maybe just create a smidgen inventive / killer / whatever. What are the viruses? This is a terrifying movie, it's safe, even if it's not one of the worst, but it's just for girls and men's brains of anxious foamed Japanese fetishists. <br /> <br /> In this case we have a girl photo where girls take some pictures of some girls, are not very righteous, and then they are given home a night with a little fog and once by the "A Murderer". First, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that early coincidentally sex stages should be put into a quota - we are girls in one or several other places. It appears to be seen from another movie. Then, after being placed in the house, there is a wrestling scene with weak choreography and shooting ("yes", indeed, it should be seen in "all") and then aggression and murder. First, rape, by photographers, promises some of their time for girls. The murderer of D'Amato's creature is simply a mud and a foolish face, and is one by one who kills men and / or harms women for an unknown reason. <br /> <br /> Now, the last one taken by them must be considered the main points of the film. At the same time, cruitettes are the best part of an unpleasant tasty salad. A spectacular scene is a shot thrown as an Olympic event (this scene is actually a cool kind) and, ultimately, the extravagant gay hellfire girl who can not remember his unfaithful name. Even if it does not follow the headline, it's simply frustrating! In addition, sex scenes, which are closely interwoven with Gaira and steal everything from Japanese censorship, are dubbed by actors, so they need to 'talk'). But the general feelings that come from the Bible, whether it's a hero or a real horror, or the last daughter survived, is not the same as the picture, but in a gloomy place. Stop killing for about five minutes until you give it to her!) You just want to do it because "I hate the mantra of women or get rid of it".
