Just a few moments ago, I said before giving this movie 3 out of 3. I'll give it a flat 1 but there are a few extra points for the body number. But it will be about that. Let me tell you. I paid 1 pounds for DVDs on DVDs. Because I believe that I'm particularly scared of B-films. But if this film aims at B, for a couple of reasons (I'll touch it in a second), it's a miracle failed. B and fired to fight, fallen to a place around F. This film had many opportunities to be good and it was quite unsuccessful in all accounts. I say above, this film is intended for the status B, and it seems like trying to mix with humor, which can be very good or very bad. For example, Freddy's films (Dream Warriors onwards) are a great deal about Freddy's styling and nostalgia. But this film was completely bombarded in this regard, because the places where they tried to make humor were mostly foolish. Despite the good humor, I will admit that until the beginning of the film. In fact, about half an hour I liked this movie and prepared myself to congratulate myself on another good assignment. But for me, those who actually killed this movie were inadequately killed. For example, the Devil writes the boom by removing the cat from the throne and using its body as a brush. Or 'Devil' entered into a vulnerable old woman. Now, I'm not a lot of crazy movies in the movies, hey, this point, right? But in these two cases, I especially found a lot of attacks and unnecessary things, especially in anything in the movie. For me, the film then went down. A big bad point about this movie hates every character. Child, Dougie was just ridiculous! Maybe it's a tragedy to explain how he can write all his body and people in front of his eyes like a trick! So come! I understood that in order to be in a film of fear, one character should be a bit stupid, but to avoid working from home to work as above, but this kid took the biscuit! He wanted to kill myself until the end! It was completely incredible and I would say "duh". Once again I was throwing myself on a wall - this was what I was watching. Why did not I release the movie? Basically, I just believe that it will just end up with a recent movie. But in this case I made a mistake. The latter did not save this movie, and it was inadequate to irritate and hurt the hell out of me. I already bought it! The killer always walks like a man, greets a stupid boy's house, and nobody doubts him out of the suit, because the killing goes crazy! USE! This movie made me physically angry, because it was a fool! And if you watch this movie with some of the wrong mistakes, look at the intestines. Obviously, if the person had really the same intestines, he would not be dead and would be glad that some of them had captured them and closed their chairs. <br /> <br /> Actually, in this movie I will say that the only character I love is really a killer. He did, of course, when he was doing his "comedy rhythm". All this, the plot of this film was dragged into something better. Why did not the murderer murder? I dont know. I can really survive without knowing who it is, it's pretty typical, but without some kind of motive - I did not know, I agree to have her a bad Halloween as a child! - it seems more than just meaningless, just stupid. Stupid stupid idiot stupid fool. In fact, I hated this movie very much, especially since I was registered with IMDb, so I can interpret it. Save your money and save yourself from madness. Get away from him!
