The story of the movie is strange and strange. Two women find themselves through the Middle East. Unfortunately, if you're looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia, it's not terribly afraid. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film either made a film or were incredibly lazy when filming. First and foremost, the Nuristans, who were mistaken, were well-known in the 1930s and actually did not emigrate from the strong transformation of Agnistia by Abdul Rahman Shah since the 1890s. In fact, there were no refugees since the Aryan occupation of Central Asia three million years ago. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city, like Tehran, is not Tehran but its geography. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, Fars, in spite of the fact, is much different from the city of Tehran, surrounded by a large mountain range around the city could not. They speak in Iran and Afghanistan, do not hear the movie. If the mother tongue does not speak German, they speak Arabic. Border guards "Persian" guards actually call each other "Ma hadha rujal" (not a man) and "mard nist" as it is in Persian. Also the love song, one of the main features of the Indian prince and the main symbol, is Spanish. While talking in the garden, one of the main symbols indicates that the Qur'an uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and then referring to the means of medicine. These words are never seen in the Koran as Hell for Fars (far too far between the languages ​​of heaven and heaven), and Jahan is closer to the Chennan, which is the hell of Arabia. Speaking in the wilderness, the language also speaks, Arabic is Arabic, Arabic is Arabic, and although it is Arabic and Arabic in Iran and Afghanistan, it is mainly religious and is used with some education. <br /> <br /> When you stop in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, the people they meet are completely different from the Iranian group. Tents are usually worn with carpets and high profile profiles. It is quite unusual for people to wear turban if there are no clergy in Iran. The spoken language is Arabic in the first greetings of 'Ahlan wa Shahlan'. When they reach Kabul, the desert they find themselves is completely different from the rock sediments in the arid parts of the Hindu Bird Mountain. The absence of light green friction in the summer and summer. In short, the story line is just one thing, because the name of the area is completely exhausted by the mountain hills of the mountainous mountains bearing the name of Indian Killer. It is still a weak and shared place in this film that holds any water. There is no real film, which has only tales of two women trying to learn as they go to Nuristan, but at the start of the symbols that have yet to be born and no real progress, and nothing has changed since the two world wars are empty. In short, this is a reality that will be put on a scene, except for the good examples of the wilderness of Vahid and the Levant in a star.
