The key moments of "Miami Golem" are definitely worth the place, so fifty types of the most demented cinematic plot are not written in any way! I know that it does not sound very impressive on the 50's, but I've also seen strange movies. I was filmed because the film was written and co-written by Alberto De Martino, one of Italy's most ambitious and creative, but unfortunate film-makers. As De Martino often succeeds as an Italian filmmaker, he runs many ideas from successful blacksmiths, but he adds a lot to always be more complex, surprising, and persistent. De Martino's films are not all worthwhile, but some are at a very low level, such as Tony Saitta's Special Magnum, Holocaust 2000 and Formula for Murder. The concept of "Miami Golem" consists of numerous elements such as Sci-Fi and adventure rays ("Alien", "Starman", "Third Kind close encounters", "ET",). Name it a rip-off. The only thing that really stupidly stole from another film is the theme of the almost identical synthesizer of Harold Faltermeyer, Axel F., from Beverly Hills Cop. The rest of the film is an entertaining hodgepodge between fantasy, Sci-Fi, action, horror and super-heroic films. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> Of course not always meaningful (often not in fact), but the Miami Golem deny is a creative and multifaceted movie that keeps my companion and fascinates from beginning to end. /> It is extremely difficult to shorten the field, but I will try it anyway. Undoubtedly, journalist Craig Milford presents the story of a German scientist who claims to have discovered foreign DNA inside the crashing meteorite and has managed to clone it. The DNA attack is a bad alien force that destroys another planetarian race in the past, and it will destroy all humanity in a fairly large growing world. If this is no longer problematic enough, Mr. Anderson has ordered to steal the slow-growing evil fetus because he thinks that he can manipulate and use it to gain world domination. At a local mask, with the help of some good aliens, Craig Milford is a hard task to protect the planet from evil messengers. Okay, I know it's amazing and ridiculous, but I'm sure that Miami Golem is actually a lightweight, easy-to-digested jerk. The first half of the film is extremely exciting and mixed, because Alberto De Martino tries to keep the secrets of the secrets using cunning red winds. There are even speculation about the lost continent of Atlantis, there are subliminal ghost images that are mysterious-acting, exaggeration-driven characters. Along with this, the whole misleading padding material is less or less open. "Miami Golem" is turned into an ordinary early 80 popular popcorn action film with bloody massacres, Flamboyant follow sequences (Florida Everglades!) <br /> <br / > Now I really do not want to impress the fact that Italian exploit film "Miami Golem" is a lost and unfounded ship. Do not make a mistake, this is a pretty filthy movie! If you only accept the foolishness and inconsistency of the field, it is only the disadvantages if you fail. Presentation speeches are miserable. Especially B-film veteran John Ireland, archetypal James Bond, is not interested in the script as he is least interested in. You can tell him his traces, and he thinks all production is delayed and simply registered for salary. Laura Trotter, traditionally, is nothing less than a sexy woman, and a person with a sad chaotic VHS cap should feel exactly the same as the cover girl does not appear anywhere in the movie. For Ms. Trotter this should be a shame. Since the neck is still so hot, its sequence of absolute unbalanced nudity compensates for it. And, finally, David Warbeck has an unforgettable scene where he pushes a helicopter with a regular pistol with a busy school bus! Although a citizen of Vietnam and Warbeck's character is a simple TV reporter, I do not think John Rambo can do it.
