Green Street, as it is called in the UK, or Hooligans is a dirty film. <br /> <br /> The first major concern with Hooligans is poor. </ strong> <br /> <br /> Two basic symbols cast. Do not misunderstand me, I love Elijah Tree and respect his work, but despite his best efforts, he was fighting to overcome this role. The main motivation for his character is anger and betrayal in the system, but most of the film is spent in a profitable and pleasant way, but reflects the aggression in the short space toward the end of the film. With regard to his appearance and physics, this is a great addition to a group of football hooligans. At any point in the film, I do not even (a) control himself in the fight against these ravens, and b) the "band" of the cunning will accept such a person. <br /> <br /> The other main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks at a section and, as rebellious, is quite convincing. Unfortunately, after the birth of Newcastle Upon Tynne in the north of England, Dick Van Dyke demonstrates the worst East London accent after trying to go cock-en-y in Marry Poppins. As you know, such a detail would not bother an American audience less suited to the regional dialect in the UK, but being from England was a problem I did not see and broke the film for me. All the supporting bands made convincing speeches, and especially played the role of Bover. It would be more appropriate for the main role played by the guy who played this character. With such a movie, you need to convince the audience that the characters are appropriate, unfortunately, the cast failed. Imagine that we created a movie like "The Godfather" and was Sean Hayes (Jack) playing Will and Grace's Michael Corleone. You will not be convinced. The story in Hooliganism is also full of ignorance. I'm not a football hooligan, but a fantastic football fan. I know of a group of "regular" football fans in the club, as I believe that non-football fans who do not have a club fan are not accepted, but English citizenship is accepted by a 'firm', which is in some serious cases with a secret organization. The most recent and biggest problem with this film is the way I describe football hooligans. I protest against the views of the film, though hooligans are very violent, hooligans live in a world of ethical rules and rejoice at being courageous and loyal to each other. This is completely dusty. Football hooligans are completely immaculate. They use England's national sport as a pretext to scare, scare, and scare people. They represent only a small part of football fans, but give the whole game a bad reputation for the people of this country. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowards and evil. In this film, 'GSE' clubs find out why West Ham really likes to be a blot on their lives. Hooligans are ashamed of football and English society. Hitler did what he did to the Germans because of football's hooligans' reputation. This film is trying to show the 'curly' side of football violence. There is nothing else but an incentive for extreme fans of this sport. In football matches, poor innocent fans fall into the crowd throwing coins / lighter / bottles on an agenda with an error. It does not show innocent homes and property owners who have graffiti and broken windows. Supporters of the teams do not show real supporters of football clubs who are brutal and embarrassed when they are banned from entering the European Games or at the exit of Europe. If you want to see a good film about soccer violence, watch the BBC's 'The Firm'.
