The first Matrix film was sown with action scenes that continued with incredible character development, intelligent dialogue, and storytelling. Combined with the incredible special effects of the day, these elements are a magic ride you've always been. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and later Revolutions). As some may argue, the problem here is not specific effects or battles; The brothers took the characters from the first film and drove them as rotten trees. <br /> <br /> When he realized that he did not have the same character as the first matrix movie, for the first time, he lost contact with the audience and the characters on the screen for the first time. Morpheus is a charismatic, philosophic character in the movie, which is far too far from anyone else, but here Reloaded - the first of all we have to do with the mixed liner, We present you a movie. <br /> <br /> The removal of the Tank was also a disappointment. The tank's participation in the first film was at least a bit, but he played a very good role. In Reloaded, we detected that the Tank died after the first movie, and it was replaced by Jar Jar Binks stunt pair (think of the old box of Cornell corn chips). His performance abandoned me and most conversational dialogue did not come to an end. Similarly, there was a great deal of feeling that it was too hard to bring the feeling to the screen or that it was not delivered to the scenario; In both cases, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt embarrassed for the actor .... <br /> <br /> Even Neo's God was suspected of the majority of personal battles. The 200 alleyway fight with Agent Smith clone was certainly exaggerated. It is surprising that for a person like Neo, it is surprising that even with the participation of more employers (especially when you think of its ability to fly or its ability to tilt Matrix bending), such a productive,, of course, Neo clones are faster and more efficient could have sent it). However, such actions are bound to a scenario that hinders self-consistency and the scenes we create to create cheating feelings. In the gesture, the expectations of the characters created in the first movie are immediately discarded. Unfortunately for most of the waiters you will certainly feel disappointed. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, as you take as a strange action movie as a standard on Reloaded, do not forget. incredible stories of inconsistencies and the emergence of the already established character from the first film, you have to move away from the very pleasure.
