Warner Home Video features a double double and a double movie on a single disc, and it's the 1950's Danger Loves Quarter, a thrill. It's a memorable classic with Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains, a huge castle. Crisply Black & White photographed by Nicholas Musuraca. <br /> <br /> "Danger Lives is the place where she lives" is a key example of the noir style of the drawing and will always be remembered for the sophisticated art of Hollywood's past. (See my full view). Unfortunately, the MGM 1949 stinker TENSION can be praised for the second movie on the surprising disc above! Written by Poorly Written (Allen Rivkin) and John Berry, this film is packed with funny features and challenging situations. The unclear relationship between a soft and clever pharmacist who plays softly with Richard Shawsat's and his open-minded spouse, Audrey Totter, is completely incomplete and unsatisfactory (as is the case where none of them are in the first place). Lloyd Gough (Lloyd Gough), one of his "strangely-friendly" friends, is a self-confident pharmacist, his newest happiness, shoes and attempts to kill Gough, not on the moon and on the moon, but on last-minute chickens. The man is murdered anyway and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by Homicide Detective Barry Sullivan (another gentle performance). Who killed her? Yes, at this stage of the film you really could not care less because it was very bad and ridiculous by the director Berry. Mr. Berri does not have the idea of ​​pacing, and even does not have a style smidgen. He did not let anything stop him from entering the camera! The only TENSION involved in this film lies in the fringe of Barry Sullivan's finger at the opening of the film and is located in a rubber band. Too much for that! The most unsuccessful effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best thing about this turkey was the straightforward score by a young Andre Previn and a straightforward dramatic appearance by the beautiful Cyd Charisse, and found straight Monochrome Kinematographic dance shoes by great Harry Stradling. Hey! - Perhaps he described a few steps and several pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> Along with this, there are a lot of additions to the two films, which have traits, interpretations and features. But the disc is worth the cost for RKO Mitchum classics!
