Robin Cook's novel "Coma" has already become a very successful film in 1978. A few years later, it was the turn of another Robin Cook bestseller to get big screen treatments, but in the case of the Sphinx, almost every mistake could be made. This is a frightening adventure fishing that is made of wooden performance, foolish dialogue, incredible characters, and lead pacemaker. The only reason for running from 1 to 10 is the story of the Egyptian background, making it even more charming. Franklin J. Schaffner (Patton and the Monkeys Planet) is the director behind this crisis. <br /> <br /> Pretty Egyptian Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) escaped from the antique store Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud) in Cairo. Hamdi is friendly with Erica and is surprised by her enthusiasm and knowledge. Ultimately, she is a beautiful and incredible rare statue, Pharoah Seti shows that she keeps her secret at her store. The presence of the sculpture creates a great excitement in Erica because it can provide vital tips to locate the grave of Seti I's long grave as a great prize, such as the discovery of Tutkinham's grave in 1922. Hamdi Erica was murdered in his more brutal shop, Erica watches silent terror when he responds to his strange end. He was afraid to see what he was seeing, and Erica tried to follow the treasure. It helps itself and prevents others from doing research. None of them are really valid. One is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), a friendly friend, but is there a man with a bad hope? <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with the Sphinx are generally dependent on its overall results. Erica feels a certain charm, but there is also an Egyptian Akmed Hzzan (Frank Langella) who can hide the dangerous secrets with her. without considering the expediency. Down a woman can not be more convincing than a misirologist? he thinks someone will be pretty well-educated and talented, but he screams like a whole bumbo bumbo from a naked naked naked whole movie. He is in fact a potentially savage villain who rarely does other unimaginable things, such as pulling Polaroid flash photographs in his 4000-year tomb! Clusters consist of at least two obstacles and two pairs of predictions. The film is full of silence, but can not enjoy the fun movement, because the pacing is quite sluggish. The fewer movements can be found, with longer life span. Popular views of the film: "Sphinx Stinks!" Never before 2-hour film adapted to 2 words.
