This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx and the title comes only one. The story relates to the 19th Dynasty's New Pharaoh of the New Kingdom, King Seti I, in the Valley of Kings of the true and hidden graveyard. This is not a bad thread, and most of the film is filmed. Even in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor, the scenes were really shot in a studio. The second unit is endless, and they have been idle for a few weeks in Egypt. Frank Langella is very good as a truly developed Egyptian. He must take it on the one hand. The film was actually broken by one of the world's leading players, Lesley Anne Down. He carries a film that looks interested in how the movie looks, his eyes are light blue in the right light, and all the sisters are blue-colored eyes that attract them after themselves. What could be the hope of a ten-year-old model? It touches everything that most accuses the women of abusive and ignorant beliefs. Think that this film is directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won Oscar for "Patton"! It is not important, as this terrifying actress is screaming and symposiating with a movie, a moment of excitement, one after another, looking at the cries of a bedroom or a bedroom. A young Egyptian must have been an expert. But it has never happened before in Egypt! He takes a taxi to Giza and looks at the pyramids first, looks at the ecstasy: "But they are BIG! Barf! OK, so it was a script, but I did not doubt that for a few minutes, giving her the impression that she was a natural element, The storyline is sound, and in fact, there is a serious problem with the black market in the ancient market, right! Beautiful things, I do not see Robin Cook's novel, which can be a good thing for everything I know ... It was great to see Cyril Swern's voice as a voice writer because I knew him for a long time, but Stanley Kubrick's daughter, Katharina, is described as 'draughtswoman', but what he does, maybe he has done a certain thing, but the film is very good, and we are also in the Cairo Museum and numerous scenic venues They get into the grave of King Tutankam! Today, it will be allowed for a movie that's in operation, and mosques have many inadequate scenes, but it does not go well today, but in 1981, such issues are not on the agenda. The film's music is actually worse than Lesley Anne Down, totally horrific! But there is a strikingly original piece of sound tracks that will help everyone in Cairo to clearly identify the cacophony of the traffic noise in Cairo and discover Cairo indefinitely. Also, praying to the listener is always a matter of originality. Why did not they get this right? It would be good.
