I agree with most of the comments I have written. Many people have even commented on the streets as they watched the streets. I was born in 1964. I was 5 years old when I met television on Vostok street. The show has taught my numbers (The Count), spell (Muppet) and about life. I like all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and do not understand why they change. I have to change things all the way, but I understand that Cookie Monster is a "vegetarian monster" to encourage healthy eating. Since the launch of the presentation, new heroes and monsters were presented, why did not make a separate "vegetarian monster" discussing / discussing the benefits of eating different diet with Cookie Monster. But my point is. While I watched the start of Suseme Street, my 20-year-old daughter, along with SS, watched with me, and we talked about Mr. Hooper, even though he died before he died. demonstration topic. I watched the episode as an old child and described a very good event as real life. I am convinced that all deaths and losses are very severe when affected by families. You saw it on the show and allowed the parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show talked about traditional families, adoptive families and united families. This is really one of several shows that discuss these scenarios. Now I have a 5 year old daughter who does not watch SS. I've tried to watch the show for several times, but not really because of what's happening. Elmo is absolutely ridiculous with Mr Noodle for 1/2 hour. As many people say, nothing teaches. Not less than 18 months (maybe), not even funny. I have always been proud to have my child, SS, and my child with a child, adolescent and adult. Now, on my second visit, I have a hard time following the SS. Discussed topics: Death, marriages, non-traditional families, newborn children and adults in new neighborhoods were age-appropriate and related in two to nine-year-olds. Now, there is no concept, minimal count, alphabet has only random notes. The original SS guard is not the same SS. If any producer from the show reads these comments, return the show to its foundation. New concepts have no problems with the SS, they have a better way to connect them to the show.
