If you want to see a film that protects a Latin country with any Latin country, "Celestine's Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru did not show such police or soldiers in the most violent times as in this film. It was a country like El Salvador during the civil war. Ever since I was a Peruvian resident in Lima (Peru), it was fun to see police officers here, everywhere and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and want you to be a taxi driver, place a label on the front of the car with the word "Taxi" and taxi companies on the streets of Peru, but their rates are quite expensive). There is no need for yellow or black / white square brackets on your car doors. Well, in this movie there are taxis, there is nothing to see in Peru. 3. Peruvian people are not dressed in Caribbean clothing. For example, when a taxi driver came out, Clark Gable was wearing "Guayabera" (Cuban shirts), white hat and 40 sockets. A Peruvian people do not look like this, please! Peru is Caribbeans! 4. A scene shows a woman in a street with a long skirt as typical folklore dresses in Latin America. If you ever go to Peru and watch a typical dance, you will never find such a woman. 5. Cast could have been better: I can not deny that Héctor Ellisondo is a great player, but not Latin actor (his father was from Basque and Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and Spanish is not free. This popular Spanish language is not its first language. There are many Latin actors who can act as Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodriguez) is also a bad choice for the "Latin Police Officer." Seeing Elizondo and Petronius at General Rodriguez's office was so funny. They seemed to be two English or American students in a Spanish class who did their best to pronounce Spanish. Certainly not fail. Castulo Guerra was better in Spanish. The "Peruvian" officer who declared Cardinal Sebastian spoke a pretty funny Spanish. There are very good Peru actors like Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (only to speak of many Peruvian actors), who could perform excellently. 6. I imagine that a fictional movie itself may have licenses that incorporate cities and even countries. However, be careful when using a foreign language while creating a name: The city described in this film should not be called "Vicente" but "Visione". Vicente is a man's name and Vasede has never been used. 7. I do not agree with a user who says that this movie was shot in Peru. Although the production of Peruvian sauce uses many posters showing "Inca Cola", it is not Peru. Like a little American film, it should use any Latin country. Finally, Latin place for American producers or directors is in another Latin position. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flew to Peru, he had to arrive at Peru only at an international airport: Jorge Chavez Airport (Lima in the capital). In fact, I believe that there should be any airport in the world, but Peru airport. Of course, there are no military and police forces at the Peru airport. 9. When John receives a room in a Peruvian hotel, this is a fan and there is no clear air conditioning. Please do not stay in Peru (and other Latin American countries) if you have a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting the government ... Colombians! Of course, it was their accent in Colombia. To release them, producers had to hire Peru actors. In a few words, shooting in Peru would be cheaper. <br /> <br /> I can go on with more examples than this movie, which led me to vote "1" (silent). I fell asleep about 20 minutes after I started. But dear producers: It's not a tragedy: There are many bad movies that do not have many errors. Just remember, "Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull Realm" and Disney's "New Emperor's Tune", which can not be described. List of bad movies can be infinite ...
