The film is almost an artistic work by checking some research and research facts. It provides many condensation versions that are contained in this book. In fact, there is no ancient book, and if the writer believes in a difficult situation, he must admit that he has never seen any of the books in ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "precious" texts, written in anonymous form, have been destroyed by the wicked and "unrighteous" in the church and local government. All this does not appear to be in paradise every year, as every year in New York, hundreds of books every year, with dozens of films, and the Roman Catholic Church is probably the one to destroy me. As I did, trail trail. <br /> <br /> I am not a supporter of the Church, I think, but at least the ancient texts that are based on their faith are real. <br /> <br /> It has translated parchmentists and religious hooligans unfortunately by "bad" men, or translated ancient documents destroyed by Joseph Smith's work, and turned into a paradise. Therefore, no texts such as Smithsonian, or translations in ancient languages, can be checked by experts such as Coptic or Arami. This is a scam. In a sense, I'm smart enough to meet a bigger idea and earn millions of dollars. But I could not do it myself, because I do not want to disturb the public with the New Alevi Government. Sometimes, the original ancient texts have been lost and hidden for many years. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, was discovered after carbon reading and a careful study of the original text by experts. <br /> <br /> The Gospel of Judas was referred to as a cruelty in the approximately 300s. Since then, no church documents have pointed to Celestine prophecies as true, bidatist or anything else. <br /> <br /> We are progressing to something - but the Celestine Prophecy is based on something other than art and lies, and a philosophy based on the basis of lies, like a castle built on sand, will break down. Blade Runner's harsh, ugly, numerous, brutal world is likely to be more likely to be where there is more love and peace than the Utopian Hippie Commune, as in Horizon! I tell the truth to people and they hate me, but if they are really fragile, let them say that they want to listen to millions. The Celestine Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. A castle built on sand is very bad. Do not take me wrong. I wish God, Celestine Vision is true, not alone. No ancient philosophy has expressed the views expressed in the interpretation of the modern concept of the evolutionary evolution, which he manages with biological evolution. These New Ace ideas did not exist in the ancient world and were not present after Darwin's evolution was well-known. Hence, the ideas of the Celestine prophecies can not be more strange than the 1800s and have not been closer to the time of BC or Nazareth than the time of Jesus. Such claims by New Agers are unusual. Crowley, "the old religion," knew that Wiccans was no friend of Gerald Gardner and Alasgar in the 1960s when no shadow book actually existed. New Age tells lies about gurus and tells his ideas about ancient teachings that old people will open their noses in such absurdities, which have been preached by Gurus today. Why are they doing this kind of fraud? Simple: Millions of dollars, and the modern dry land is dominant over its viewers. Despite their love for everything, they are fierce competition and have a strong hate against competition. Each new age group is opposed to others. <br /> <br /> Learning something with me really looks like one of the concepts, teaches you to follow your instincts and seek guidance from inside. I wholeheartedly agree.
