Disney has now made straight-to-video sequels of a good bunch of direct animated features. Two of them are designed for classic "Beauty and Monster" in 1991. Yes, these are not really sustainable because they are also identified among the events of the first film. The first of these two plain films was "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seemed to be disliked by a few admirers of the theater's predecessor, but I think it can usually be durable. But this second "Belle's Magical World" is definitely lower. <br /> <br /> There are three short stories in the film, all of which are in the castle of Belle and are in the magic of the composer. The first "The Perfect Word", a misunderstanding between Belle and Beast, brings anxiety and wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is Fifi and Lumiere's fifth anniversary, "Fifi's Folly", and Lumiere is ready, Belle helps him. Fifi, however, sees Lumiere as having romanticism with Belle and thinks they are actually in love. The film ends with The Broken Wing. The story is that Belle takes care of a lap with a fractured wing, but if the bird is disturbed by the hatred of Jewish birds, it is anxiety! <br /> <br /> The area I describe is the original VHS version of Disney's third "Beauty and the Beast". As you can see, in the DVD version, there is another story called "Women's Potts Party", but I just saw the original version. However, since there is no doubt that the rest of the story will be classic over the rest of the story, I do not see any point to watch a special edition. In any case, the first thing I will say about Belle's Magic World is that the animation is 2-dimensional because we use Disney. I did not like the "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but of course I can not say the same about her animation. I'm convinced that "Belle's Magical World" stories can entertain many children (mostly youths) and each story is morale, and so can give them some valuable lessons. However, for adults, the film is not really a lot. I could not find a good humor in person, and found that the conflict between Belle and Beast was weak and that the stories did not affect me in any way (very well written). In The Perfect Word says Belle Beast, "If you are rude, you are illogical!" <br /> <br /> I was 11 or 12 years old, a bit weird, because it was the first time I went straight to the video. Since then, I do not know what to think about this as Disney is interested in, and it will take several years to get back any of the earnings. Even though this movie was broadcast for the first time, it was a bit of a group of my age group. I had not seen anything like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" a few months ago, but unlike this movie, I have never heard of it, but only after considering Disney's 1991 hit. As I loved the original theater, I would not be too lucky if I could not get any information about the existence of this movie. For younger children, Belle's Magical World can be highly entertaining and maybe less educated with morality, but I do not advise adults to be a Disney admirer.
