SPOILER WARNING: There are some smaller spoilers at this point. If you are planning to watch the movie, do not read it outside of the first paragraph. <br /> <br /> The Disney Channel currently has a policy to shoot many films and show a month on the cable channel. Most of them have some good elements, but still a disappointment ("Megaplex Phantom", Planet Weird, "Zenon: 21st Century Girl"). Every time a great time, they really do something really great ("Genius", "The Other Me"). But for some time the Disney Channel makes a big mistake and gives us a real stinker. This month (December 2000) At Disney Channel's "Ultimate Christmas Present," I thought it was terrible for bad writing and bad behavior. Apparently, "Brainiacs.com" fled several days before Christmas because it was associated with toy toys. They even paid for a feature on the TV Guide, so I thought the norm would be better. I entered for a full shock. Only Disney's 'Model Behavior' was worse than this. <br /> <br /> The field was far from normal. I usually give this shift, but here it is very far away. Matthew Tyler is a very ill person who is often employed by the widow's father. His father owns a small toy factory, which is a big bank to give big loans. Again, time and time, the father should overcome his plans with his son and daughter. Matthew decided that his time with his father would be his only companion and he would have to stay home. She gets a hairline idea to create a webpage where children can send and send a dollar to invest in a computer chip that kids have the ability to invent. All this concept is full of errors. When millions of dollars are sent to children, Matthew opens his company's bank account and gets a part of his father's business. He is a secret boss, but he does not portray it to his father, but rather presents himself at board meetings in cartoon form through the computer. The image itself is so complicated (and ridiculous) that no one can be born at home, but less like a fool. <br /> <br /> In order to fulfill a long-running field in a short time, Matthew orders his father to spend more time with his father, but he works with his children. <br /> <br /> A federal agent links Matthew's questions with fraud. <br /> <br /> The very wrong here. As we have noted, what they do here is impossible for real geniuses. Website, cartoon, computer chip, and what has been taught in the school have been developed for these children too. The act of many, especially Kevin Kilner, is very scary. Some familiar faces are spent. Dom DeLuise plays a bad bank owner, but not a part of it. There is a good scene with Alexandra Paul (showing his ability to act), he explains his motives, but more. And Rich is a little frustrated as a small judge. Anti-Russian jokes are even attacked and uncalled for some. But the greatest trespasses are heavy blows. These topics are featured in many Disney Channel films, but these ultra-conservative messages have never been so damaged. The idea of ​​a typical "overworking parent" has really pushed her, and it's full of my sense of it once she's in the 'Ultimate Christmas Present' again. Family relationships are important, but Disney should end this endless propaganda because it is important to keep a good family home. The father did not find the same thing with the exception of his job, but when I told my grandmother that I did not like what I was seeing, I considered him an insult. All parents have to marry if they want to guide their children. Enter Alexandra Paula, who cares about the field, is only an interest to the father. This conspiracy only proves the lack of brain to avoid Disney brainwashing under the Disney script barrel. Wait for the next Disney Channel movie instead of teaching this movie to make kids fraudulent. This should be better. Zantara's account: 10 to 1.
