The creators of this film have difficulty solving what really matters. As a result, they were more difficult to convey. They started by describing the principles of quantum physics, which belong to subatomic particles. After creating a fuzzy description of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, every single living creature presented a rogue logic based on the idea of ​​an organization that follows the same quantum rules. Then it would be possible to talk about Stephen Covey's and Tony Robbins's career as follows: positive thinking, violating bad patterns, always on the bright side, and so on. How can our brains change through our bodies when we look at the proteins? Production of proteins: the hormones we have chosen to create more or less. If you are sad, you create sad proteins. If you are happy you create a happy protein. Is not it just that? Amanda, who is related to our lessons, is a photographer who has been pursuing exciting life, opening anti-depressants and hating buddhism. Movie producers are slowly but surely, we all say, "Hey, Amanda! Why is not it happy? The result of the film (mainly the entire second half) is a controversial dam We all are part of all the energy we are together, but we have collective consciousness, but we have individuals who can change the world, but most of us have many things for different sizes, but we plan to do good, but there is no god, There is nothing better or worse than us, there is nothing good or wrong, there is nothing like reward or punishment, no good Religious never came out, but still we should do good, even though it is not bad and good, no matter what happens, no one will decide, and then the crime will stop and say good things As Robert L. Park writes in the Voodoo Science book, all the meditation experience by John Hagelin in Washington was a fancy, the numbers were adjusted, and the killing rate was higher than before or before. was higher. . What is your bad attitude to being young and healthy? <br /> <br /> Is it all or what they do? One of the film's directors, Betsy Chassein (yes, three), is lucky enough to see a movie in a theater where one of the questions after the show. I'm lucky, because these people do not know what to say. A few questions asked by audience members showed her how strange she was, her husband, a chiropractor, had to take a step and read the answer. If the discussion was inevitably politicized, I had to leave, and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, just began to think how glorious the world would be if Bush saw this movie.
