A group of hunters watching, killing, defying, and then conducting a special clinic specializing in corneal transplantation Atwill (director / writer Tim Sullivan plays). Research scientist Rich Stevens (Steve Mark), whose eyes have been destroyed when an acid exploded in a laboratory explosion, is a failed buyer of the defective eye defects. To get a tender love story between rich and compassionate, great breast nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton), the first full moon is a little bit out of the reach. Sondra is so compassionate that he loses his clothes and even does not have the chance to pull out his bandages, he gets rich in bed! After a month in the hospital, Rich goes back to his frozen wife, Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately says, "You look ugly" before accelerating her Kia. Our hero is soon discovered that Rita is just a bitch, but she is a sting of skepticism associated with her rich friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and finds itself in a richest fluffy condition (he is very stupid) becomes the heir of salvation. Predicted slaughters occur. <br /> <br /> After removing Craig's throat from the beach, the rich, worn clothes in the evening and woke up the brushes the next day with indefinite memories. He is friendly with a skinny psychological / secret expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is sensitive to both the local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and the lesbian-police-detective-in-pants suit Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). Rich Dr. When faced with Atwill, the doctor sends a sadistic cousin Kass (Eric Mestressat), who, after a while, has been hit by a machete and fragmentation body in the classroom. Trying to escape with the help of Sondra. Sondra takes him back and takes him to the couch on many sex scenes, which takes about five minutes. Will he be able to manage lycanthropy or cure it before claiming to be richer? <br /> <br /> When you hit a camera with a cheap shot, it has a somewhat unique place with a worm-flicker eye transplant, but then cliché after cliché. Sets are a low level of porn - clinical scenes appear to be drawn at someone's home or apartment. The Kurdish conversion scenes do not seem to be as good as the picture taken back in the 1940s. Instead, they have an unmodified editorial. Take some hair in the actor. Cut it off. Take a little more. Cut it off. More fur ... and can spit it to fill his mouth full. Cut it off. No need to worry about sustainability! There is no solidity, no solution. Very sensitive. After the complete transformation, the wardrobe made by Jeff Leroy, which was edited and shot by the film, is pretty bad. It's a red shimmering Christmas lamp eye, a furry little carpet, and almost a completely immobile plastic face. Do you see the camera's fingers several times in front of the camera lens, and the moon does not coincide for five nights? As for pouring, they are amateurish but tolerant. And B is worse when it comes to horror. <br /> <br /> This is just 70 minutes and provides most of the red items during the attack scenes, as well as the above mentioned T & A from Mrs. Beaton. <br /> <br /> This is Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), the first right of a digital video wave, when David S began to dominate the scene of a low-budget / independent horror genre in mid-late / late 90s. Many of his awesome terrifying productions were released by Brain Damage Films, a label that was not plagued by the majority. Fx boy Jeff Leroy (IMDb interviewer IMDb, not the film's real credits) and Vinnie Bilancio (who played a minor role as a hunter) went on to become even more entertaining and polished. WEREWOLF (red-shining eyes and all) with a similar appearance.
