Edwin Porter's 1903 film "The Great Train Gate" is a screen shot with a lot of excitement and ingenuity to explode by another advanced early film. Like Melies' "Moon Trip", critics have regarded this as a film that presents the western genre to modern cinema. They were right in my eyes. There was everything going on on the final scene, which meant planning, the real trainer of the train, the killing of an unwanted citizen, and that these evil men were doing business. it was monumental for all time. Here, Eastwood, every western filmmaker, used Porter's image to create his own story in one form or another. It is not possible to say that this film does not open the door, but the debate is the essence of the story. This genre was determined by Porter, but was not the first excitement? There is nothing to really throw over. Perhaps I'm clinging to the modern Westerns and their encountered messages, but how can something cliché before clichés? The "Great Train Robbery" seemed mandatory, untraceable and unsurprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter explains a very linear story. The robbers change the course of the train, shatter it, and then hit the casual people to prove the real cunning, and the final scene ends like any predetermined movie, without any surprise or shouting, proverbial. This is soft. Porter movie is boring. In my published footage, a color close to the end was added to emphasize emotion, which was not cheap and did not give the filmmaker or the audience the hope. The issue is important, though, when Porter re-spends time and time on the film, it has become an effective one. The story itself does not carry its own emotional power once. Unlike Melies' early movie, I can not watch it again. I know what's going on, I know it's too little behind the scenes, and finally what does it look like? A simple story from point A to point A to point B. This topic is not only disrespectful to this movie but also the most powerful element in this early film. Even though he is gracious, this is a very powerful story telling? It was remarkable that our characters were characterized by character and drive. At a time when inadequate films seemed to be the mainstay, it was molded and broken. Still, I'm not going to jump on the film about this movie? Is this an important movie? <br /> <br /> By going to this movie to see the roots of the western genre, I generally liked leaving this movie. . Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson continued to be very successful in the open field, but I was not afraid of the film. I did not expect great budget impact as the work of Melies, nor did I expect the duplicate "Moon Walk", but I wanted to see the same creativity, intelligence and originality. When I talked to Porter about this early movie, I felt safe playing it, but I could not feel excited because we did bad things in my life. I'm not set up for everyone, and the final result proved that it's been almost a minute away from the start of the movie. It was a pioneer, but not monumental. <br /> <br /> "Great Train Robbery" has lost its place in space when it's in space. Rank: *****
