You do not need an update to the Sleuth of Joseph L. Mankiewicz. So far, a good movie is a good way to prepare. Nevertheless, given the fact that modern daytime remake machine is rapidly developing; I really can not say I was surprised to see a refreshed film for a modern audience. The plot is similar to the original film, and a small man, Milo Tindle, goes to meet an old man, Andrew Wyke, discussing divorce as a young man's relationship. old man's wife. From there, play a cat and mouse. It is clear that the Kenneth Branag has wanted to add a different touch to this movie since the beginning, and he has become a technique surprised by the home country full of original charming games. safety equipment. I am glad that the author chose this change because no one wanted to see the original copy correctly; plus the good use of the place and always beautiful appearance. Unfortunately, in 2007 Sleuth has positive elements. <br /> <br /> The original film is more than two hours, the corrective one is just one shade within eighteen minutes. Of course, this means that this version is less; unfortunately, the characters that suffer. The area fled, and the first twist in the tram is too fast, and before giving a chance to figure out why and how these events occur. The film does not have enough symbols or links between them to make sure their connections are logical. The main thing that has changed over the old character is its discretion; was originally cautious with the games that were very important after the game. Here's a kind of safe fetish, and that does not really mean anything. Kenneth Branaq's film capture allows for a classic score, but the class ends there. In fact, it is stretched on it, but this film is happy only for the land itself, due to numerous and mostly groundless events; it cheapens everything. The final twist in the fairy tale really distinguishes between what really is and makes the movie really a horrible conclusion. After spending two hours in the original, I understood and respected each of the two characters in the movie, and I liked them eight minutes later, and I hated them. I respect the Brane so that I can not just copy a copy of the original film; but this is not a good fit of the great Anthony Shaffer game.
