It's been ten years since I saw one of the last two segments of Phantasm - no doubt, I still remember it very well. Today, as I have been admitted, I am still a great admirer of the first two installments, so I will go back and re-run the "last chapter". The party is the worst of the series, because it explicitly considers itself to be less sophisticated and has something to do with something that is not very meaningful ... Again, after returning from where the previous film was, Reggie kept Mike back then to come back but Tall Man, who has been in danger for a long time, faces Jody, who can take the form of an open field. As you can see, his soul is captured by Tall Man, so Mike will then be dragged into a badly knocked Netherworld, and Reg must find it ... On the way, a ten year old boy and a nun jackal. > <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> There is nothing really fancy about Phantasm III as it is trying to be a foolish and obligatory "humor". A positive feature that did not even help the film, and the return of A Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who performed their duties for the first time since 1978. The problem is, of course, making community views ... Reggie Banister certainly plays a role in her role, but her bumbling is a lot of boring as her involvement in the love-patient attitude. Angus Scrimm is also not completely "included" in his role. He speaks very much and does not come up with a terrifying and creepy place, in contrast to the "unrest" of the film's careful approach. Many people's thoughts about confusion appear to be inconvenient and "still fun". Maybe I get most of the many voters, but it could not get into one. When I was a kid, I did not like it and remember it after watching it again - I say it's safe - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli shook the scene with my original low-budget, nightmarish, legendary film, "Phantasm", which is still my dearest my favorite horror, and his respectable continuation makes things so dark and surreal, and Gory, but "Lord of the Dead" (stupid title ) fled and fought with me ... Two new characters, including Tim and Rocky (Scrappy Doo! missing only one thing), were an indication of Coscarelli's ideas and <br /> <br /> So, "Phantasm", with little eye, nudity and four barrels of firearms. Can I say more?
