Wow, this movie is all over the place! There is plenty of plot and there are many things practically practicing! <br /> <br /> In the film, Kai Francis begins as a housewife living in a small town. She has gone through a local theater and has a desire to go to Broadway. As a great time player comes to town, he hopes to increase his career. But her husband is worried about shenanigans - this is an actor. So, the cubes are thrown over them and hit the actor - the actor dies! As a result, the first degree was convicted of murder! Not a Victim, Crime 1! Now, Kay needs pregnancy and money, going to New York. But we do not find Broadway jobs, so Burlesque is forced to do such a thing. If she does not care enough for her daughter, she gives it to another woman to grow up. But eventually she finds a job at Real Broadway and everything smiles. But the jealous diva that he played in the game hated him for obvious reasons and forced him to be thrown out of the game. Despondent, he opens his way to England and becomes a real star. Years later, he returned to New York to get a child - but the child's age was great, and the woman who was interested in her was her true mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer would now be released from prison if he had received $ 10,000. As an author of another review, is it a bribe to people? The next $ 10,000 can buy something else - maybe he'll get a helicopter, so they fly to the jail and throw it away! Wow - it's enough for 2 or 3 movies! All this happens with a 45-minute recording! Believe it or not, there is a little more. <br /> <br /> This is something like "writing a kitchen sink" - it almost throws everything and hopes all will work. Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of Mrs. Francis, the film looks incredibly incredible and soft. Thanks to the 2 nd level, no one is really the type of movie that can be saved. Almost someone took a few edited elements and dumped them into a box and began to pick them up to make a random movie! In general, if you do not know that Kay Kay Francis, a non-deceased fan, or Hollywood loves something in the 1930s, this is something you can easily jump. Not terrible, of course not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, after returning to New York, the child playing with Francis' daughter (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think he should ... I think.
