Silent Night is the latest version of the Deadly Night 5 series, and as part 4, it does not belong to the top three outside of this title, and this is a Christmas-themed horror hit. forgetful, there are some obvious things happening here ... Mickey Rooney is a toy player named Joe Petto and his creepy son's name is Pino. Do not ring, everyone? A little boy called Derek heard one door knocking one evening and opened it to find a gift on his tree. Even though she says, "Do not open up to Christmas," she begins to open her, but she stops her father, scares her, and sends her to bed and opens a gift. Inside Santa keeps killing a little red ball and daddy on his gun and head. Wow, maybe he alone is alone. Undoubtedly, Derek is traumatized after looking at the ladder from this incident, but he's grown up as a killer Santa, just stop talking. <br /> <br /> A mysterious stranger hiding around seems to have shown Joe Petto's interest in players. Derek's mother saw a group of her while taking her to the store to find a gift for her to quit her trauma. What does this guy do? Yes, we are not convinced, but these toys seem to separate them from each other to see those wearing them. Larry is not a good toy and, of course, even though he continues to evacuate his host, promised to pay the host the next day and present his boy with a "Larry Larvae" toy, <br /> <br /> Anyway , resulting in things going on with Joe Petto and Pino, and Pino with an old story is not a "real boy". Pino is probably more mixed and nasty because it can suffer from "Kenitalia" (a smooth plastic groin) and take into account bad ways. And the identity of the hidden edge also emerges, and even the end of the species has a happy ending. <br /> <br /> One step in the 4th section, but not more than one. Again Brian Yuzna is involved and Screaming Mad George, so some good special effects, but it's not enough to make it bigger. The remainder from the 4th section depends largely on Clint Howard and Neith Hunter, but it does not really make any difference. Anyway, I have already seen the whole series of the system. Now I can get some of my brain. 4 out of 5.
