Warped Pinocchio has got the theme and there are booby toys sent to kill a child during the Christmas season (which was abandoned by the Christmas gardens after the previous entry) (maybe these other casualties were accidentally damaged), perhaps by the "son" of the toy artist. Bounce Mad George was responsible for killer toys. (In the case of a thief who enter the victim's mouth and eyes, soldiers in a different place, the toy throws a real bullet in a child caregiver after drowning by a hand-picked hand toy). The smaller target is a child named Derek (William Thorne) and his wife's face was killed by a red ball with a weapon that made it dark and caused him to push the fireplace poker. Ana Sara (Jane Higginson) is concerned about her son's mental state and comes from following her husband's terrible crime, not to make a donation or even more important to talk about it. Derek's true father, Tracy Fraim, was frightened for the safety of his son and said that he was caught unwillingly by a local girl-maker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) for setting up a trap for a toy to harm his children once the loss of an unborn child who was killed in a car crash ... saying that he can not be a son, saying that he committed a murder, and others should not. Probably a very heavy drink (Jack often jerked), Petto set aside his feelings for the children, but his creepy son, Pino (Brian Bremer), went straight to Derek. Why? You will soon understand. <br /> <br /> Very disappointing special effects and, most likely, Rooney's name adds a glamor to the film, but it can only help her with a lot of ghosts. Attractive prominent actress Higginson (Ceza) and Fraim are not as bad as returning to their lives, and the bare land that develops is hard to accept seriously. But I know this point, but Rooney has no reason to be in this movie ... his toymaker is unable to bring any identity to him except for rage and despair, it is very volatile, but it explodes In anger against Pinoy, drink is not downing. Bremer is as strange as Pino, who wants Sarah to be the mother, and becomes "robotic." The practical effects used in the attacks on victims are not quite convincing ... Breaking down the work of Steve Holland and Mad George is far more effective than what we have seen in this movie. Everyone's sex talk is not as sincere as you can believe (even if you can not even remember ugliness). Probably the best of many sequels, but this is not a complete confirmation. I'm pretty sure it was written on paper, it was a fun concept, using the elements of horror, the idea of ​​Pinocchio's leak, but the result is not exactly the same for you.
