I would like to see the version of Beowulf just once when scenarios seem to have at least one acquaintance with the original poem. However, after watching this Sci Fi presentation, I was disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not recommend writing writers in ancient English to understand and interpret poetry, but I would like to read at least the modern English translation and why it actually transpires. Story is quite interesting; Why do not you add element elements that do not exist and destroy the story? What Is the Truth Doing? <br /> <br /> Grendel has immunity to any weapons; Why should he offer an incredible superhero, and could not exist in that time? (as shown by the previous reviewer)? The fight with Grendel was between Beowulf and Grendel. This is so. Nobody joined the battle. The only way Beowulf was able to defeat him was that he had chosen to deal with the monster without any weapon, and it was a mistake made by all previous competitors. However, in this version, Denmark and Geats are fighting against the beast and Beowulf swords and Grendel's arm! Why did not he really describe what really happened? Personally I think that will be more exciting in the individual encounter between the two. <br /> <br /> Generally, this is an incredible pitfall and terrifying picture for a true fairy tale. Why do you add a contract with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother offering a sacrificial offer? Why create an extra character like Finn, which adds something to the story? There was no love story in poetry. Even the scenes could not fit in the appropriate places (the gulfs under the forest and the lake at the bottom of the swamp). Do not they pay attention to the metaphor that shows Grendel's bed? To represent hell, you need to be underground. What episodic poem is based on a specific symbolism? Last year, while my high school students also made a short film based on Beowulf, they did pretty good things because they paid attention to the themes and characters that lay the story. If Hollywood created a movie based on these elements and was loyal to the field, it would be a really big movie.
