Where to begin? Anachronism? High-tech cross bow with a volume of 500 minutes? Arrows with explosive charges at 500AD? Grendel, a monster who looks like a robocop and shoots with open arms or thrown against it? Is the heart torn from the victim's chest without any contact structure? Is it possible that a blonde who can adapt to her latest fashion show with her makeup and hair? Ancient Danish court is represented in classical Greek style? Marina Sirtis's daughter is more attractive than her makeup artist? Impacts are weak to carry this story. There are some stories that do not even frighten or even benefit from cheap effects, but Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> Therefore, a bravado idiot, once again married by Grendel of the Living Monster, has little danger from Beowulf, far away from the land of Geats, to help the tragic Danish. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient tale of a period with almost no literary tradition and feels more like an old cowboy than his sense and his drama is not too dark. I suspect that any modern man should not be smart enough to penetrate into the wordlessness. I have never liked the latest Beowulf and Grendel, which is based on Grendeld as a human and humbled Hrothgari and Denmark's Grendel attacks as the rightful revenge, but I have to respect his revisionist position that Hrothgar's Denmark, after all, because they brought these ghosts to themselves, they were never caught in the cave swords, and, as written, Beowulf's original story was an error of the true story. The terrible secret of this Grendel, which Grendel's attacks had to do with the previous human sacrifice, really did not approach us to the shame of Hrothgar and Denmark. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend as a traditional myth or modern fantasy. I give it 4: it is higher than worthy, but I always hope to attract the attention of a person who speaks wisely with a weak effort. Meanwhile, Sci-Fi's filming follows NASA's policy, and it's better to succeed than many successful successes.
