La Sanguisuga leads the Contain la Danza or Bloodsucker dance, but the English title is very popular, invites 'secret' Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) in Ireland in 1902. Theater actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley, Patrizia De Rossi) and three more close colleague Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Caterina Chiani Marzia Damon), whose castle is located on a small island outside the coast. First, Evelyn is reluctant, but when he agrees, Samuel (Leo Valeriano) agrees with the stage. When Marnack said to his guests, his father and grandfather both cut heads of women who were abused by harassing their heads, and Evelyn felt uncomfortable before it appeared, which was not the same as the wife of the present, long ago ... it also appears that you want to use someone's knife to cut a few heads off ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production is Alfredo's Rizzo, and from beginning to end, it's totally and completely open. First of all, criticism of the title of the head of "The Bloodsucker Dance" leadership provides an opportunity, because the name of the investigation because it allows what to do when the Vampires or any blood glucose, there is no 'all the time and more doubt that does not have any dance and dance, so do not expect anything. Baxmayaraq ki, hər kəsin öldürülməsinə bir saat qalmış və hər hansı cinayət sirrinin formalaşmasına başlayan, yorucu, darıxdırıcı, darıxdırıcı olmayan bir az 'giallo', La Sanguisuga Conque la Danza'nın ilk saatı, və orada bir şey kimi maraqlanmır. Təsəvvür etmək üçün ən yaxşı yoldur, gördüyünüz ən darıxdırıcı yumşaq nüvəli porno filmi düşünmək, daha sonra yumşaq təməl pornoların çoxunu kəsdiyini və yalnız pis aktyorlar, pis dublyaj, pis dialoq, kiçik bir şey yaradır. soft-based sex and lesbianism and nothing else. Yep is really bad. The hidden elements are twisted, the Sixth Session (1999) is not the same as the end of a very complicated 'twist' of things that are not complicated for any reason! <br /> <br /> Direktor Rozzi OK işi edir və La Sanguisga Konqress La Danza həqiqətən gözəl bir görünüşü var və onun açıq-aydın aşağı büdcəsinə baxmayaraq hiss edirəm, demək olar ki, o, qala xaricindəki bir "fırtına" qışqırıq göstərən səhnələri there is black! That is, when the storm and returning to the color, the film throws out bright colors to black-and-white! A girl and her friend goguslerini discussed a totally exciting scene, and he later komplimentlərlə which is filled with a friend allows you to feel this scene is so funny and so unusual because it is something that is priceless and is easily the film's finest will be embarrassed by the crazy 70's porn chat! There is minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very cautious. <br /> <br /> Do not forget about any blood or protection, unlike the past. <br /> <br /> Technically very good films, turnaround and production design are really impressive, though the work is quite effective. The film has a nice feeling and cinematography is good. <br /> <br /> "La Sanguisuga Conged la Danza" is a great film. "La Sanguisuga Conged la Danza" In no sense, there is virtually no story, perhaps the most complicated headline, and it's really boring and boring with a mixed stupid twisting end. Eurozone fans have increasingly got so many good movies, so do not waste your time because it's definitely something to everyone. Trivia Note: The notorious (and banned in the UK) Nazi exploitation / horror film SS The Terrible Practices of the Last Days (1977) was operated by Luigi Batzella by the AKA SS Hell Camp & Heat in Beats, and he was La Danza ' he founded.
