This "smart" movie was the first Japanese movie. And I think that the original film is pretty bad, but the American-International Films are fragmented and turned out to be a bit worse when they set up American-made segments to deceive the audience. Now, if your audience is not entirely unhappy, it will be painful - and with less elegance or focus on the final product. It is clear from your golden line that there are many open Japanese scenes and then clearly American scenes that appear quite different from the film. Moreover, American scenes are really meaningless, and there are two different groups in the congregation who speak only about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! Though it's a breath of fire, flying and devastating monster, there is almost no energy, because I think the actors are extremely embarrassed by this terrible film - especially film veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. <br /> <br /> Now, like the monster, this is a lively creature like Godzilla. Seeing the giant fanged turtle, head and legs get back and start spinning in the air like a rocket. On the other hand, unfortunate model airplanes, damaged balsamic buildings and power plants are not surprising, as always. More and more non-Japanese audience members will clearly offend and this includes a single Japanese monster movie clip, which can be a "beautiful and sensitive little boy" who loves and trusts the monster. Yes, it's true. Well, like GODZILLA, SMOG MONSTER and a few other films, there is cheering on this bored climbing monster, but Godzilla is different from the subsequent incarnation, but Gamera is not a good guy, and eventually the kid is just stupid! Silly, an average of seven-year-old, bad-moving, meaningless American clips, and sometimes unusual weak special effects that can be done in a better way by a terrific voice dubbing, is an awesome movie. Surprisingly, though many would hate this movie (and stupid child), there are small and multicultural minorities who love these movies and compare them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - this is a terrible movie! FYI - As it turns out, thanks to its awesome scene, Gamera was featured in several films of the 1960s, as well as in some subsequent incarnations. None of these are the turtle or the films that are a breathtaking fire bubble.
