The last station begins with Michael Melody, the director of Leo Tolstoy's melodrama, mystery and sleep in recent months. Together with his family, Christopher Plummer lives in an intricate place in Yasnaya Polyana, seen by his friends and supporters as "passion", dedicated to pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual immorality, and communal thoughts. Property gathered in a remote forest camp. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), is openly warranted under the chairmanship of Chertkov (Pol Giamatti), who claims that Tolstoy has made efforts to convince the Russian people to sign the right to work. her husband's death should be ended. Taking into account all this, Tolstoy's new manager, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), is a loyal supporter who has been split between a man's love and his worry about his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman's novel is often translated by Jay Parini, which in turn does not solve themselves by any convincing solution that creates a complex blend of problems and opaque motivation. The scope of the film is great and his story should be reflected as Tolstoy, his beliefs are a part of some pseudists such as the Bolsheviks and Ghandi. Unfortunately, it is not unusual, it is to create many gusto conflicts that never lead to anything. The church, faithful three-way connection of faithful Sophia and unbelieving Tolstoy, is often referred to. In the final part of the film, a silent priest even shows a magnificent hat, but the script does not leave him astonishingly astonishingly as an attempt to enrich it or to make some look of historical accuracy. The film has a ton of details, but most of them are not paid enough attention, and the film is rough, heavy-loaded, energetic, but unfortunately, it's meaningless. <br /> <br /> Love in the heart is a story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and this story is one of the reasons behind watching the film as unique and tough. Mirren and Plummer are the best things in the film, surprisingly. Plummer's Tolstoy is immediately full of mixed and resolute, excitement and joy and determination. Mirren Sophia gives her husband time, money and money to those who undoubtedly dedicate her to her, as well as to those who are able to have her own agenda, and are in full panic in a righteous horror where they have to be in need and wait. These are great demonstrations, moreover, at this time, the vast gulf between the place of the couples and the ability to support the script is given, although Sophia and Tolstoy are included in the film only by Mirren and Plummer, but how far can they get from the best materials? Both talented actors, Giammati and McAvoy, were unable to do the same, and Giamatti's Chertkov canceled neither a revolution nor a thief (and not one), but a decoding, unresolved concern and historical evidence. The scope of this thing is never bent, nothing more than the power of Plummer and Mirren. It is interesting and quite interesting, but ultimately unrewarding. 4.5 / 10
