Sometimes I see some of this show because my spouse sometimes watches it. I try to use it for the basic idea that helps your family, but there are several factors for me. Each episode runs outwardly to the same format and tears as many parts are completely scripted (they are quite). An attempt to manipulate the viewer with emotional accidents and sad music is a silence for me. Everyone who forgives a home is angry about whether or not Sears is to be generous. Probably my biggest problem is to have a large amount of money and a small workforce a beautiful home from the best home for a single family. Now I know that this amount of money is a fall in Disney / ABC buckets, but how much more people can invest in a home? What is behind helping one family out of focus and focusing on 10 families instead of crying during the episode? Life is not enough for an average person? Why should I help you find sad feelings, why not show something really inspiring without manipulation? I know well what has been done for these families, but they are also used for ratings. Sometimes you can not tell me that they do not cry. This really bothered me when I saw these people enter the house where the heaviest working people in the United States can afford to pay for their children. I can not help thinking about what really can do with a small part of Disney's money. Why not feed every person in the family food, clothes, education and medical insurance instead of giving a flat-screen television or personal shower that describes the temperature of the water and the plain? I know that you have a good time and a good cry. In terms of money I feel the same with Oprah. I do not think anyone will actually be able to understand the amount of money. Yes, the last reality show has done a good thing, but when I give $ 30,000 to each losing "competitor," I think that's where I think ... it's a year's salary for many people, and many people are happy. Do not start playing games. So, I understand that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is a "good work", but forgive me as much as she does. Is there a place with similar feelings?
