This movie is not about football. This is about Jesus / God! It is as if you are getting some of these consecrated strangers bearing iron for Jesus or railing Jesus. Yes, Jesus was completely burned, he loved affiliated sports, and he had absolutely no one to play. DUHHH! This movie is a "Hiking for Jesus" or something in this line, the true intent of this film is to turn people into Christianity and accuse those people whose brains have already been washed away. in lamb blood. The title appears when a Bible teacher receives a Bible Teach and wants to help him. It was 100 times more inspirational than the recent "Revolution" movie, and Jesus was not even a factor. <br /> <br /> Any vast initiative, like an inspirational sporting film, has been widespread and has ended all over the religious propaganda propaganda. One indicates that the only message is the only way to succeed and benefits you, so you recognize Jesus as a personal savior. However, this is simply not true, and therefore they deny that everyone can believe by believing that it is true. When the winner comes to appreciate Jesus, the image of the victorious athlete comes to mind. What does he lose when he loses? Is Jesus Curse? Of course not! Jesus is not responsible when he loses. When he won, Jesus was only responsible. And the logic goes round and round and round, and it ends exactly where you need to become a true believer every time! When I went to the stage with a new truck trainer I had to pause, so I laughing to my partner and I can stop rolling my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I see most of these so-called "Christians" forget this message from their "saviors", especially when I see a Jesus fish behind the SUV inventing a huge gas passing like I did not stop at <br /> <br /> This film Another article by Jesus is the fact that the middle school football team is more concerned with the winning record of the millions of hungry children around the world. The last scene where a dangerous and invalid kicker hit his 51-meter field and was incredibly incredible was a great miracle, in Turkey, he put his last jacket with a spoon-red red flag. I only gave three stars because the man playing the black train could actually move.
