"Metamorphosis" is simply a small value religious value because it is written and run by George Eastman. This Italian block played many or more of men's sleazy personality, and played a very rarely Joe D'Amato production in the 1970s / early 1980s. Would not it be interesting to buy the only film directed by a man who is always wandering around the bare spoons of European squatter buyers "The Erotic Natures of the Living Dead"? I thought so! Unlike movies that are featured in Eastman's "Metamorphosis", snow and sleaz departments are frustrating. There are several screaming murders, funny wolf effects, and bare females (Sleaze-queen Laura Gemser's guest appearance!) On the screen, but mostly the talking movie. Beautiful and dear Dr. Houseman is suddenly on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his research on DNA codes when the university threatens to annul its resources. He has developed a theory to codify genes and prevent the human aging process, but if it does not approach the detailed reports soon, the investigations will be stopped. So Dr. Houseman did not do any clever scientist's work and put the tested serum into his veins. There is no need to say (and suggests the title), it slowly turns into a monster monster, which is actually much faster! In other words, his studies sucked! Like other reviewers already mentioned, this movie "borrows" many ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly"? Includes dramatic romantic sub-department - no dependency on itself. The big difference feels that you are dealing with the character of Jeff Goldblum at "The Fly", even though Dr. Houseman is another monster that needs to be destroyed as fast as possible. Rapid aging syndrome reminded me of the film "Death Phantom", which led to Ruggero Deodoro's sadness, but the heroes of the movie were inherited and not enough. In both films, the physical deterioration of carriers is very similar. There is little exploration and excitement here, instead of having a bad mood, a poorly lit, poorly regulated and prejudiced summit. Do not hesitate to overcome them.
