In the Mojave desert, Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) and their two children, Katie (Basia A'Hern), and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) and Ethan (Jamie Croft) are described as family friendly. traveling on a roadside carriage and asking for a wasted mining town on the Weaver map. No one claims to hear this, but it's definitely there, and the family decides to take a look at it and take some pictures. There are some pictures in the city, they have a look around, but they will not start coming to leave the car, and they have to spend the night there. Looking around, we find a video camera to find the look of a fearful woman who says all of her friends are missing; the next morning, and cars disappear after a very dangerous turn. What's the secret of Weaver? Henley will never be alive there ... <br /> <br /> As the writer, created and run by the enthusiastic conductor Walter Klenhard, disappeared, is one of the most frustrating movies I've ever seen. In the first 85 minutes, this was a very good mysterious tension movie and a horror film, but then we are treating one of the worst episodes in film history. Scenarios offer many different things, but it does not touch anything and confirms what happens there, in fact, from mysterious disappearing families, four past graves, abandoned mines, supernatural sand storms, sudden disappearance of Ethan, and its unexplained the shattering dangerous motifs, the compass in the car, the crashed plane, the townspeople who denied Weaver, and the side effects of Weaver in the 40s, but all of them were knocked out of the window, and everything we knew could have been completely different from casual events. Everything went perfectly well and was set up for a great bend, but none was coming up, and instead, the most uncommon, strange, surreal, and terrible heart was treated up to the end. If something that ends up contrary to something else and gives the viewer more questions than answers. Almost the makers had these great ideas, but later they did not know what to do with them, and they just came to an end. I just made a lot of effort to watch the movie so sometimes it could be quite slow without any rewards, and in fact I felt more like a last blow or two good finger salutes! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard is doing a reasonable job here, and there is a certain atmosphere in the old city of imagination and large large desert landscapes provide a good insulation. Well, but what is understood? Nothing is inconvenient, nothing is meaningless, and it's something that you want to know and learn more after sitting down for about an hour and a half. Though it's a scary movie, there are some or two creeping moments here and there is no blood or body. The film is actually reminiscent of the film "The Hills To Have Eyes" (2006) for major parts. The film will be filmed to a strange end that can not lead to the closure of anything. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, places and cinematography. It was built in America, but was shot in South Australia. <br /> <br /> The treachery is really a strange movie, but has long been formed until it is a tragic tragedy, but it does not explain anything and the true facts. The answers to the questions are more questionable. Indeed, if anyone does not see his head or tail, I can not really do it.
