This product has never really been for me. The plot is cut off and the production is too short, and reading a novel or a better adaptation (with Amanda Root in 1995) will disappear a little. <br /> <br /> I loved Sally Hawkins as Anne, but The rest of the remainder, they were pretty short should be. Like Ms. Croft, Anne's older sister, Elizabeth was too old. Mary, in her whispering habits, said everything she had lost in her heart and selfishness. Sophie Thompson's Mary, who is much better, feels that her selfishness and bad feelings are so good, because Wentworth Anne suggests staying with Louisa and Mary objects, Louisa's sister should remain, less imaginable to do so please. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is great to look at, but he is very good at St John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), which is likely to require less depth of thought. I agree with comments made earlier on the gig scene: it was more like Anne trying to get rid of. Likewise, the location of the crash is so fast and very little context that you are interested in what all the emissions are. And Wentworth, who says that he has listened to the novel before the start of this production, is a critical error that only helps the inextinguishable nature of the script. <br /> <br /> With this version, my other problem was the light. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from the CSI morgue - very blue. The light was very bad, as was the case when Anne visited her ex-schoolmate, Ms Smith (which, in turn, meant more or less paralysis). She did not think who she was in the funeral for a minute to tell her the terrible nature of Mr Elliot - I thought she was one of the daughters of Muskud, and she could have been. All girls could not replace each other pretty much). Finally, it's hard to imagine a scene that flies in a time that is worthy of a prize, gentle Anne, and some demented hoyden over all the bananas. How stupid is that? Very bad. Sally Hawkins had all the good taste of Anne Elliot, but she was completely squeezed out with a completely scratched script and a lot of cuts.
