An interesting and trivial man, Noel Coward, was friendly to Louis Mountbatten. Mr Koward, a long-time fan of everything in the navy, was instructed to write a loose story based on the loss of Mountbatten's ship. I thought there would be a good propaganda about a film that lost the King's Sea experiences. It was also a good idea for Mr Koward to play a part of the ship's captain. Many qualities needed to command a warship, talking with a very slim voice and reading a sophisticated "point" song did not come at the Admiralty House very high, or at least one would not hope. You have to win the captain and respect the dining room and the bottom deck. Mr. Coward could have respect for the chorus's officials at Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont was frightened, but the ability to fabricate, mold and manage a crew of a ship during the war should be questioned. the bridge that resembles the other ranks of the officers, needed only a home-made silk dress and a cigar owner. Many "warships are made of a microcosm of British society," and the crew is mainly based on ordinary cheerful cocktails, canny northerners, and so on. Consists of. About Lord Haw Haw and blown. They did not betray, there were more places they left. They often set off on the shore so they spend most of their time losing about Lord Haw Haw and blasting .Mr Coward lives in a sleeping cottage with a flower, shaking the door somewhere and losing a few luck. He talked to his wife and his two cheeky cheekbones ludicrously in rough tones and said that the lady was spending a lot of time in her time, her cousin and her surname. This beautiful young master, Johnny Mills, has a prominent role as an incredibly subtle deck that serves the same way as he would worship a dog master who worshiped Koward. After kissing her, she marries her husband on the cheek, probably pregnant after this unreasonable passion. Yes, British society has a microcosm, but perhaps it is not the compilers of "We Serve". Finally, Mr Coward receives a final chance to give to men: "Happy Edwards, this was a privilege to swim with you," as he read, "Now is a brown cow." This could have been David Lea's qualified debut, but the hands of Noel Coward had a great right over this picture. He was a comic and clever man who was better suited to write a playful job about the weak-rich girls and boys who were integrated with a random voice song. Certainly, there was an abilities to have fun, but could not write or convince a dialogue. Christmas Fever was a full-time job, and it was not the time to become a true man.
