The revolt of the zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger), who tries to convince General Cleveland's wife, Tsiving (William Crowell), that he is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and turn them into weak zombies (some really working people whom). In any case, Tsiang is killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but will not be able to get people to turn into zombies. Tsiang has been an expedition by General Duval to hunt for a secret hunting so far so not to say much. General Duval also leads the expedition along with her daughter, Claire (Dorothy Stone), who works with Louque. During the expedition, Claire Louque deployed Louque to her husband Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland). In just a single movie, Louque finds the secret of transforming people into zombies and begins to use his new power to revenge in Claire & Clifford ... Victor Halpery's co-author and director is a bad element of Zombies and why after watching him I can see. All the scripts made by Halperin, Howard Higgin and Rollo Lloyd have been forgotten, they have a good central idea, but the fun and exciting stone is considered cold when watching the stones. Nothing happens for centuries, and then there is nothing more. Unlike those who think that Halper's zombie is the most contemporaries of the zombie, this zombie just slams people and predicts that George A. Romero, who has been filming for more than thirty years, is thinking of himself as a zombie at the Living Dead Night (1968). The rebellion of only one hour-long zombies is still very long. Given that the film is technically 70 years old, black and white is enough, though some look like a photo of the background. Acting is wooden and is basically unimpressive. The Zombies Revolt could have been hot in 1936, but it does not have a good history and is a must-have to sit in 2005. I believe that the film is now becoming a lot of cheap DVD compilations and budget labels, but it's still worth watching, though it's still worth the public domain.
