If we're going around the dead of the zombies, it's not really a zombie movie. Here, the hero uses a method to create zombies by Armand Louque (incredibly young Dean Jagger), in fact, to design his "way" thinking style and turn the minds of other creatures into hypnotized slaves. It's an interesting concept for a movie and by Dr. Fritz Lang. Including 'Mabuse' movies. Mabuse the Gambler '(1922) and' Dr. Mabuse '(1933). Unfortunately, his older fiancée Claire Duvall (played by Dorothy Stone, played by Anne Heche) is really a major subject to rebuilding his love. <br /> <br /> Louque has an interesting beginning as it has been sent to Cambodia for military archeological expedition to end the cult of the zombies from there. In some complicated forms (when we buy a large 30th set and dress), she announces that she is engaged with Claire, and then only five minutes later, she returns her ring that proclaims her love for Clifford Greyson (Robert Noland). The way to talk to one another without looking at it is something that is undesirable. <br /> <br /> Luke will never show how he learned the secret of "zombie", but then uses it. to kill their enemies, to create a giant rifle army carrying soldiers and bodyguards. <br /> <br /> Claire then agrees to marry her if she allows Greyson to live and return to America. Louque agrees, but in fact makes her one of his hypnotized slaves. At wedding nights, Claire realized that she would just begin to love her 'abandon her powers.' To win his love, he causes his "rebellion" to awaken his slaves and attack his compound and kill him. Greyson covers Claire, and we seem to be at the end of a parable: "The gods are destroying, first of all, mad." <br /> <br /> So even though it's not really a bad movie, at present, despite the IMDb rating. You'll see the artwork in the well-designed scenario (?) Dean Jagger has not yet become a good player and he is almost unrecognizable in his youth - really his hair? We remember him more in his words, "White Christmas" (1954), "Unknown unknown" (1956) and "King of the King" (1958). The story receives many key themes from Halper's Brothers, previously known as the 'White Zombie' (1932), and later by Robert Beaumont (Charles Beaumont), Madge Bellamy (Madeline Parker) 'zombia' /> If you're interested in real zombie films (there are hundreds!), 'White Zombie' (1932), 'King of Zombies' (1941), 'Zombie' (1943), 'Living Dead's Night' (1968) Last Man '(1964) and two remakes. In the modern era of classic films such as "Horror Express" (1972), "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1988), "28 Days Later" (2002) and later this is not really a zombie film. Judging this movie from its standpoint is a semi-gothic romantic thing. Thus, at the end of the 1930s and early 1940s, the universe was a bit below the terrifying B films below. So I'll give 5.
