Although the title includes the word "zombies", this movie will not be what you expect from the film today, but in 1936 the concept will also be expected. Dean Jagger describes Armand Louque, a soldier of the French Army, who has been anxious for warfare in an ancient story battle or in a battlefield, which has become "zombies" that can keep weak in battle, though it is not clear on its side. First of all, it is difficult to convince the leaders of this phenomenon, but in the end, General Duval (George Cleveland) orders the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to visit a non-military journey to find and destroy the mystery of the zombies. <br /> The Story, Louque, Dewal's Daughter's Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) are facing a backdrop of love triangle that covers part of the expedition. When Louque accuses him of his weakness and indecision, Grayson advises him to go after everything he wants in his life. This advice begins to turn Louque into a stone-like tablet, especially from an ancient city. By following a temple priest in a wetland, Louque seems to be now looking secretly, although he did not immediately understand the power of "zombiefication". He puts his right hand on his forehead as he simulates a third eye and gives it to those who want to control his thoughts. <br /> <br /> This is a good idea to get your daughter to win and advise Grayson's servant, "So we're learning to be relentless." The fans of the early horoscope "B" will use the "White Zombie" film shot in 1932 as well as the signature of Bela Lugosi, directed by Viktor Halper. Two of the two films are dominated by White Zombie, as well as in the story's content and in the description of the undead, which is more dangerous and more dangerous than the zombies. As a "rebellion", zombies are a lone-looking enemy soldier who reacts only to the mentor's commands. In fact, the true essence of the title occurs only when Louque releases soldiers from the mental order respecting his love for Claire; <br /> <br /> Although not very tough in the film, it's played correctly with the parameters of the story characteristic, but in the traditional context, you will probably be disappointed. If you want to sample an early treatment of the topic, along with Bela Lugosi is the way to go to the above mentioned "White Zombie".
