I think Dolph Lundgren has the potential of being a big star of action, Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and even Van Damme. There were some great moments in his career, but he also made some bad choices, and one of them, despite his career later. What a strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up), I think they are seriously provocative and think they're doing a serious tension? This is a DVD that describes IMDb in comments, which is not serious. Calling the campaign would be a big mistake. The film tries to be complex and intelligent, in fact, when it is simple, mixed and non-sincere. Moreover, Lundgren, well-known for action movies, attempts to take on a more serious role, because his range is quite limited as his actor is more limited. All film kinky sexs around the world and still they try to make a serious tension? <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the secret police and alcoholic alcohol Matt Sorenson, who decides to play Detective when his brother is killed. Lundgren is set free to explore conspiracy areas and set aside a large number of holes that are able to have a pretty strange and luminous performance from Lundgren, even though the witnesses and everything else are not police. Danielle Brett, Lundgren's last love is his cousin and brother's widow. Brett plays a decent role in terms of scenario and campaign story. Supported casting is very large, and if there is not a terrific performance by Victor Pedtrchenko, who goes through a few different titles in the film, no one comes out in his speeches, has a terrible shot and is truly terrific. <br /> <br /> I honestly considers the mystery and I tried to get into the movie and watch closely, but there was no reason, because it was a ridiculous structure, and it was a trivial game with a really funny fun scene. The lundgren enters the lid and is almost nude. Lundgrenin's "Murray Wilson" (not his name in the movie) Behind the DVD I was receiving (which was really cheap), to explain that this movie was a classic and well-prepared story (although it was really sarcasm), although a little Lundgren can usually be watched, Trying to be serious, your face flat. Although director Anthony Hickox really is imitating for the B-Movie Horror flicks, it means that despite trying to be really serious. Hard core cult must support Lundgren supporters ... no one else ... certainly should be for any mystery or tension. 3/10
