The premise for Circle of Two is interesting. Love forbidden by six year old artist Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and fifteen year old Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and that such a relationship can be taken into account with the standards of society. The problem with the two circles is not the fact that it is not fulfilled. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley had to give more attention to the scenario. While watching this movie, I was planning to learn something new about love and sex. Instead, I have a simpler dialogue, a delusional lecture on art, and an artificial area where travel and spiritual influence has been lost, despite having more fun than Sarah Ashleigh. This script lets the good players look bad. Hence, Jules Dassin has further complicated the problem of the film he has captured. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. In a matter of minutes, I did not believe that Sarah Ashleigh was in love. His performance seemed superficial as a participant in a beauty contest. When he asked for the script to be happy and sad, he had to make himself happy when he asked for the script. The only scene he loved with was the last thing he did not say. Probably the closest Tatumun Sarah Norton, in fact, became real. But Tatum is not the only one to blame. Richard Burton's Ashleigh had no charm, charisma and difficulty attracting women of his own age. The rest of the pouring was bad. Even their arguments were thirst as they waited to take turns. Who does that? Michael Wincott, as a jealous old lover Paul, was probably the best thing in this film, but his role was small. Dassin's leadership allows everyone to be fair to actors; but it is also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konçalovskiy's Illegal Airplane overturned a sentence with John Voight and Eric Roberts. The directors of these films also knew how to use their music to dramatize movies and to reveal something about their characters. <br /> <br /> Despite his account (Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer's combination), the Year of the Year will never succeed. <br /> <br /> As a result, a banned love story between the elder artist and a teenage girl is good, but it's terribly worse for her in the "Two Years". In many ways, this controversial, Lolita story is a shame? most film directors prefer to avoid the understandings? We did not receive a more intelligent treatment; there was an article written by the actors for joy; the actors who remained loyal to their roles or talented to perform their characters could not be found; and directed by Jules Dassin (who works very well with films such as Rififi and Topkapi) and "Before we shoot any, we have to re-examine the wisdom of love and update the scenario." "Just one day with a silver lined day, an elderly painter and loving a clever movie about a teenage girl can be done one day.If such a film was seen, it would undoubtedly create controversy, debate and questions for the coming years.
