I think that I was expecting a movie based on a truth that I was thinking about. Instead, they were given the least thought-provoking arguments against Christian faith. For example, in order to prove that Christianity is essentially violent, the author continually quotes from the Bible without context, thereby changing the meaning of the text. As Jesus was commanded by the commandments of those who did not obey Him, in fact, this is a saying given to Jesus. Thus, the storyteller appears to have said Jesus when he was telling a story of one of his symbols. This is a mistake that is obviously a form. Is Atheism's Offer to the World Really That? This film also uses the success of Christ's passion on Jesus Christ: The Superstars and Christ's Last Attitude are proof of the bloodthirsty Christianity. He does not recall that this Passion is the Bible's most up-to-date history. He does not mention that he really is the truth loved by the critics of this band. Then he pulls out some passionate pictures from Passion as he pulls himself home. <br /> <br /> Does not provide any information about the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which came out after a few months and played a violent game against a dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Something that disturbs me has really given more information on the subject. All the Christians they met were average charts of Billy Graham's New York Crusade Seafront car park. Atheists, well-known writers and scholars were interviewed for the film. He asked how Christians began the Christian movement and, of course, they said that they had begun with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples in Pentecost. Which is right (Acts 2). Then, commenting, "Is not it so ridiculous to see how so few Christians recognize the roots of their faith?" and the apostle Paul continues to explain how he began to embrace Christianity on the road to Shamata. The weak places will occur at Acts 2 in Acts 9. More deception? Is it simply ignorance? He also states that Paul does not believe in Jesus truly believing. You are joking? 1 Corinthians 15 depicts the testimony of the people by the people as they question the Corinthians when they witnessed the resurrection and the resurrection! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of drowning that are 'documentaries'. But I do not give them time or patience, because I'm all right. Throughout the entire film, it is clear that the narrator is a vendetta that is sensitive to the upbringing of the church. And the climbing interview is HIS CHILDHOOD PRINCIPLE! In an attempt to deny Christian belief, the author tries to fool a man who gives him a child's arrest. Is this an intellectual documentary film for Atheist society? There is no doubt that there are foolish atheist directors, in which we can produce a documentary film that is not a burden that is regarded as "realities."
