First, I declare that I do not believe in God (I do not like this word, but I do not hate it). "<br /> <br /> Brian Flemming's safety and Brian Flemming's best <br /> <br /> All the ideas that Jesus Christ is a mythic character are all the ideas that have been made in the film. historians and biblical scholars, as I said before, I do not believe in God, and I do not believe that Jesus really is a human being, nothing is said about God's existence.Yes, in my own eyes, Jesus was a real man, but he (see apollonius with tiana) lived together and his life and the stories of the preaching exploded because of his departure from the death of Alexander the Great. "According to the Wikipedia article on Iskenderun's history (and there is a good point in the trash)" in fact, all scholars in Bible studies and history admit that Jesus is a Jewish teacher from Celil, was baptized by Baptist John Baptist, accused of opposing the Roman Empire, and was sentenced to death by the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate. [1] "At the end of this documentary, I was curious about the director's safety more than anything else, and wondered if he was trying to convince me more than anyone else, the most recent example of which is his recent interview with the religious school principal. The way to bomb a teacher is unfair, and when it comes to partial approval of the director, it is a bad thing to teach children about hellfire, Fleming's approach to the manager was inconvenient.Flemming had the chance to have a good discussion if he was more cautious in interviews "Instead of the aggressive income," it's not bad for kids to teach these things. "This person shortens the interview and I want to say," Oh yes, I see that I've seen a light, will it be a secular school now? Flemming takes revenge because he thinks he is a mistake during childhood. It is not about the film, but about the safety of Flemming and has nothing to do with the subject matter of the documentary. Flemming shows what really is doing here, and the true fall of this so-called documentary.
