I respect cinematographer Alex Cox, I really do. She is primarily ready to receive a literary punk-rocker and the world that is more spaghetti westerner than science fiction and fringe culture, like a child in school who thinks it's too little for you to be "different" you can see what you can do, talent and naked craftsmanship, and the real absurd moments you deserve, and ready to see what you are offering. But there are two sides for his proverbial coin: either he can actually get out of the park (Repo Man, Sid and Nancy, Walker), or just a little too hard, and pull out very ambitious rabbits from the road is Straight Hell). Death and Compass falls into the last category, and when it comes to its original approach to solving a detective killer story, it falls on its face and its strangeness is very strange. As one observer and Eric Lonnrot appear to have left their clutter with the murderous murderous murder of a hellfire and anxious about the murder victims, the news that involves the blood on the walls is acknowledged by the prominent witness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston looks at Shallow Grave without changing his appearance) It is of religious importance in Kabbalah. We imitate the work of Lonnrot and the methods he goes after the perpendicular to the map of the triangle and then compass - despite the disappointment of the disappointing Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), his very own creativity and when they are experiencing anxiety, sitting on a desk and talking to the listeners about the sad description of their former worker and colleague. Ecclesto's character is like a shooting (see Lonnrot's lost in his wrong room) as he sees all the depths of the police station, and we are in the long-tracking kick - perhaps the best or only the most interested - in very dark corridors, in very few ways When it was taken away, the queues and strangers among the heroes lost in the maze. There is nothing to worry about Miguel Garzone's cinematography with an exciting enjoyment. However, plotting is carried out through hoola-hoops, so it must be able to touch everything. <br /> <br /> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <strong> Postprocessing Boyle and Eccleston's false performances are pretty bad, especially Sandoval resembles a screaming place where he lives. While the crime training itself meant intention for the audience, it was not something we had seen before, and that the alphabet was in a society with many repression and architecture offering the next wave of drowning, which is very fast. What is the conflict here? I have never been busy with Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and we have just blown off the unique scenes of the murderer (and / or murderer), who first went through the premises. fun community). When I think about the great part of the building ("not as big as you think") in the southern part of the city, with Boyle and Eccleston, I suddenly think of "TWIST", we know that we are behind our minds, but there is no hope, and that it breaks the mystery. For all the inadequate touch of Cox as a filmmaker, Death and the Compass eventually divide the brain into opposition to feed a spoon with a "conventional" approach that I respect the audience; this is a masturbatory.
