The name of Uwe Boll automatically applies to the worst horror / religious cinema and every new movie she has left? about two, three years? it always receives negative reviews and harsh criticism. In fact, it's just a matter of thinking that it's just a modern sweater. As you know, Uwe Boll is famous for hating or disliking his films. I just need to make sure that's not the case. Uwe Boll is a horrific writer / director and is clearly at risk for the entire movie industry. The "seed" is the most regrettable piece of evidence. Here, Boll is trying to come across as very difficult and confused as he looks at a large number of elements in which any movie, in fact, is a film, a narrative structure, a character development, a tension building? "Seed" is an ugly film filled with non-free dirty and inadequate padding images. I once read "The Toxum" by Uwe Boll's interpretation of the horrors of today's horrors in Torture Pornography, but this is not so close. The film does not pay for some effects from the Saw and the Hostel, but it's mostly a shock-absorbing killer and a great deal of video gameplay. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of the "Toxum" confirms all the obvious things that you know beyond the drill and in fact. As you know, Boll was a fairly stupid (hyperspace) film to start a film, a federal US law that three of the death row prisoners should be released if they fail to succeed. So you know that this will happen later, but still the first three quarters are used to capture the serial killer and bring it to the electrical chair. Seeds are a silent killer killer who kills 666 victims (who have inflated most of them), carrying a bag on his head. He is watching the cruelty of real life (and therefore, watching for the cruelty of real life, thank you for Mr. Boll), and video clips (including a baby who is really ill and wounded), slowly splitting in the basement. When the captive is finally captured, the film is even more delayed when the most amateur and incredible police manhunt time and death line. After being buried in the ground because the power chair could not hold it, Max Seed looked at the surface and continued to commit a new assassination; this time, it focuses mainly on those who arrested and killed her. <br /> <br /> The depth of the story and a completely missing part of this movie will go back to the past; the average horror movie fanatic is exposed to the level of intelligence and is insulted. In the "seed" many twists and substrates can not be perceived simply by the human mind, because they are not terrible! No one believes that the police and prison staff will not commit mass killings just before hitting a few bullets from the beginning. No one will accept that a refugee can not be found again in the first six months. "Seeds" are packed with such delayed little things, and the film becomes elegant every minute. Personally, I do not recognize that cast and crew members do not realize it. Indeed, Uwe Boll simply thinks that all the advice and criticisms are neglected and simply captures his films as he wants. When I tell him that the shooting is not going to make a senseless laugh, I imagine his players shouting as "shut up and do as you say." <br /> <br /> According to entertainment that only disturbs people, Max Seed is a giant crowd that has condemned an aged lady with a hammer and a hammer while she sits a chair in the middle of her living room. Instead of being shocked, this sequence shows that the whole film is actually bloody and strange controversy. "Seed" is horrible, it's disgusting, it's a trick, is it? Boll.
