The "National Treasure" (2004) is a hodge-king who has been thoroughly mistakenly written, from almost every trail and cunning government clutter. The stars of the film Nicholas Cage Benjamin Franklin Gates (How I'm Valuable); When there is a decision to steal a "national treasure" hidden by the fathers of the United States, there is nothing else but the descendants of the lucky fortune-tellers. After a little subtext and background in Indiana Jones Patriot, (poorer), is the movie turned into another one by mistake? <br /> <br /> Nicholas Cage's "Stanley Goodspeed" tries to start a combination of all the confusion that comes with many high octane reproduction, but missed mistakes. <br /> <br /> George Washington and its motives have the meaning and logic of patriots. The patriots were buried in the land of the ransomed land of the patriarch, and then, in planning the rigorous way to disperse scattered tips in the US currency, is something that director John Turteltaub never had. . Did Washington not use it for the sake of such wealth at the start of the country? So, while we are already setting up the new savvy of this richness, we are left with a mystery on an awesome creature. Are my intentions noble? if it is mixed. He could protect the treasure. <br /> <strong> First, his friend Ian Holmes (Sean Bean), Ben, from the National Archives (oh, yeah! Bright thoughts!) Decides that they will not wait to think about stealing the Declaration of Independence. Undoubtedly, the back of the popular document holds a secret answer last year. That is, Ian is trying to kill. Suicide attempt, of course, is unsuccessful, if it is very melodramatic. It also gives me the opportunity to take a very strange curator Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger) to archives. He thinks it's a strange thing to do? at least at the beginning. But according to the motion / romance form, Abby's decision is melting faster than you, "Umuda Diamond"? The film believes that, like the FBI, was mistakenly believed to be behind theft, that the Mission had been dealing with various ways in which it caused a series of movements reminiscent of the Action Organization, which reminded me of meeting with Fuzuli. Honestly, these guys are never able to get 'intelligence' information? In the final analysis, the film "National Treasure" is not a big movie, but tired old bits from other films are painted in the form of "Betsy Ross", which is a patchwork rehash, with nostrils tied together. /> <br /> Buena Vista is a more generous cure for the DVD movie it deserves. The anamorphic wide-screen picture is very slim and delicate, with a very rich color, natural flesh tones, solid black and pure white color. The stylish look is also free from spots and digital accessories. The sound is 5.1 and gives a nice sound boom with intensity and realism of your side and rear speakers. Extras include many promotional puppet material, much deeper and higher, by explaining how and why this film is made. Just as an audience, we have clarified why and co. chased after an illusory treasure, it could be a good flick. It ended with extras, drama, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Is not it soft-hearted? it's just bold.
