I watched this movie in one of the channels that I watched yesterday and wondered why I was worried about it quickly. In all honesty, I expected more of this movie. Maybe something along the 'Conspiracy Theory' line. Why? Perhaps because of casting. So Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. Let's not talk about Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I'm wondering, why are they upset? But instead of a mystery drama, a pastry of silliness, nicknamed "Goonies," seemed to have a huge surprisingly critical critique. Perhaps the Goonies were originally directed to teenagers and teenage audiences. Although the National Treasure is designed to appeal to a serious adult audience beforehand. <br /> <br /> Postponing blasphemy is something. This is how you can make a fantastic and horrible. But I resisted the food spoons I found myself spoiled by paranoid and intoxicated comrades. Oh, the scriptwriter threw around all the serious slang, but it made a serious sense of employment. "Wow, Masons, Knights Templars, you know this can be true!" Gates, the writer really lost me when the Constituent Fathers said they hid the treasure to escape the British. And just came the Templar Templar? New Jersey? Oh, do not forget. From France! There is a long way to explain how Philadelphia ended in the revolution. It was brought by Napoleon agents! Anyway, you see what I get. The film premiere is interesting. And I really think it could be a great mystery drama. But another child jumps out in a mature dress. In the end, I think that I ask the audience not to just stop believing, but to ignorantly insult the audience. <br /> <br /> I just finished watching a few articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. <br /> <br /> It is shocking to pass from Hollywood Big Mac and potatoes to a good meal. <br /> Okay, okay. If you are "chase", explosions and "gee-buzz" gimmickry tantana you will enjoy the "National Treasure". But there is some kind of movie, is it good that you have to wait for any class when leaving the previous audience? All the young people chatter with each other and say, "Wow, did you see how this thing really happened? It was wonderful!" 'National Treasure' is a kind of film.
