John Carpenter's career has come to an end in any of these sad excuses for a movie. His excuse was that he just produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two Vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, fit into the same dresses. In short, it was difficult to say that one of the types of anorexic ramp-model type was cuter. Bon Jovi has the most character. At least, it seems happy when you smile. On the other hand, two Vampire Girls are all cramps and complaints. At one point they plan to give each other a spider kiss, but do not stop. Each vampire movie has a number of mores for the relevant vampires. At one point, Arly Jover provides the enemy with a very unbearable Vampire Hunter, and then shuts his blood when moving. But it could have been an erotic moment when she watched that it was shot as a general murder and that the actor's actor, Arly Jover, was trying to imitate something that really happened. According to Qorun, a few heads are kneaded and blood is tightened. These scenes began to fall less or less, when it happened, it was almost laughable and did not pay any "horror" on the stage. Everything you got as a part of the audience "Wow, there were many red dots on these walls." I'm surprised to see who should clean it. Throughout the film, the Vampire Hunters (the world's best vampires) are trying to get in touch with Arly Jover. Bon Jovi goes to an abandoned Church at one point and says only after hitting an ax (and in other cases he did): "I'm not trying to hurt you, I just want to talk to you." HUH ?? Of course, the dull vampire Arly jumps to say hello and Bon Jovi retains it with another impulse. The film "Why We Are a Friend" by the WAR in the 1970s should be the theme of this topic. In all other illusory moments, when Natasha Wagner's blood is all the Vampire blood and the city's population has a blood transfusion when donating blood for its relocation. Is Blood Type Type Inappropriate? In any case, all vampire blood is removed. Then Bon Jovi, if blood transfusions to him, can also defeat Arly, who is a vampire. Certainly, when transporting vampire blood, none of its healthy blood is removed. As you can see, Bon Jovi is twice as likely to be bleeding if there is anyone in his body. And like the first VAMPIRES, it also has a special effect on vampires-burning-flames.
