First of all, they have actor blue eyes to play Jesus ... Half of the players playing by the Jews have blue eyes. Are there many brown-eyed players there? Jesus, who is described as his blue eyes, is one of my pets. He was a full-blooded Jew! Secondly, what is the case with old English films in non-English speaking countries and everyone has English accents? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr. Zhivago.") Is enough Jewish actors or actors capable of making an Israeli accent? The film is often incompatible with the Scriptures and doubts the legitimacy of Jesus' claims that he is a Christ. After being baptized by Jesus in the Bible, a voice from heaven says: "This is my beloved son whom I love." (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). The film tells John Baptist! The screenwriter is also trying to portray the believers as crazy. In the Bible, for example, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will be pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we see no angel and do not hear - Mary tells a moonlight and Mary's mother does not hear or see her when talking to someone and spiders. Also in the film Jesus talks to the Pharisees in Jerusalem, saying: "You will not see me here until you learn to go out in the name of the Lord, 'for I and my father are one. "(Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35)" You will not see me unless you say, 'I am blessed by the name of the Lord!' " Jesus never claimed God. The film cuts a very important part (a sermon on the mountain very similar), but then spends a lot of time without something in the Bible (the whole scene with Mary Magdalene talking to a john). As a scriptwriter, he wanted to make a film about what he thought was really going to happen (and amongst the scenes) instead of trying to make a movie version. There is a stone in the film - On the scene where Jesus was speaking on the scene of the Son of Alexander, Matthew was crying in my throne, in my home-looking house. This is the best film I've seen in Jesus' service (but it does not talk much, because others are just scared). "Jesus Christ of the Superstar" is a favorite movie about the last days of Jesus ("passion for Christ" is a graphic), though "Nasra Jesus" continues, not only does Jesus end his death, and his resurrection.
