Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as the predecessors, but still has funny moments. Cindy Campbell begins reporting to all journalists while on the way to finding a heavy news in the middle of the television sweepstakes. Soon it is angered by the dangerous developments in the world, covering alien invaders, killer video cameras, freaky crop circles, and more. Cindy faced with a series of very strange people who are faced with the complexities of mass proportions, and must fight to stop the evil from re-capturing the world. There were already too many areas in the first two because the area is a nonsense. At this time, the surrounding people, signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded, and many others like 8 miles are paying attention. First, it was one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The latter was not good but still very funny. Third is soft, but nothing special. Let's say, I will not see it once, but I still do not want to see it again. These jokes hit either, or they have left, and funny ones usually cover Charlie Sheen. As the most obedient, the naked ones are usually covered by Anthony Anderson. She is not funny, because she is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny performance and she is also a little stubborn. Simon Rex shows some potential that he is not really bad. Regina Hall returns like Brenda and gives a pretty funny performance. The rest of the rash came from a very large pile. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson were probably the most spectacular scenes from all the gays. In The Opening sequence, The Ring and scene spoofing appear to be the most unpleasant of the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and others. Although David Zucker is in charge, and this is not another Airplane, this is not the daughter of another Boss. Its a trivial thing to really analyze a plain comedy as the main thing you want to know is its trivial or not. As you said earlier, you probably will not love it much. In the end, I found a little desperation to weaken the rating of PG-13, but still can be used. Rating 6.3 / 10
