At first I was surprised by the Sun-Woo Jang director because they made me fool. Jang had the potential to create a powerful, deeply-sensitive film about sex and human influences, but he focused its power on a more pornographic element than the actual human element. I could not see the previous symbols, but what was really the best amateur with realism and cinema? Right now, this movie was in my mind a few days after I was looking at it. This story I was with was not a symbol or a clear pornographic nature of the film, but a link between Jang Y and J. If you are watching this movie carefully, both of you will begin at a discovery phase of your relationship, but not the next step. While exploring new ways to enjoy, they jump continuously between aggressors and attackers. Jang first examines the idea that J is in control of the situation, and eventually, when it touches Y. This is a minor change, and it's easy to miss thanks to the graphic content of this movie, but it's there. When they are unable to survive with J, they seem to be closer to the end, because their meetings are less and J is trying to be part of a normal society. <br /> <br /> It was a very big and very exciting element to see in front of the film's eyes. But it was the only element of this movie worthy of watching. <br /> <br /> I'm not listening to this movie, it's not a pornographic thing, because it's based on human elements, they're less developed, they're there. This is a film about a chapter in our life that is rarely studied or discussed in the film. What happens behind closed doors? or we must believe. Although the action itself is repeated a bit later, director Jang tries to change it with a slightly constantly changing scenery. Our heroes move from hotel room to hotel room to improve their thirst for each other's body. This is first of all fun, but again, the Jang's recurring band is not an exciting but dull feeling. This leads to the biggest problem I have ever encountered with this movie. Jang was a great story with Gojitmal, but when he failed (outside open selection to pay attention to the pornographic side), we know the scenes, repeats them, and the symbols. Was Jang going to this movie? Wanted to explain sex stories, or did he believe in symbols? He did not succeed in this sense, because we can not care less about how we can solve the problem before the end of the film we know about Y and J. As Jang tries to create a final solution for these two absolutely unknowns, the ending appears to be at least coincidental. I have to give Jang a little credit, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that created the personal element we were missing, but they could not get together well. Yin's brother and J's wife were the pillars of that item, but still so strongly focused on the sexual element, these more subtle stories could not be re-memorized and recovered downward. Maybe I was watching this movie, but I did not work anything other than sex scenes. <br /> <br /> Finally, I want to say that this movie could be a strong account or directly from the element of the remote music genre. Bring us to the audience closer to the feelings of J and Y. What I can remember is that I'm trying to get away from it and I do not remember any music. If Jang style or styles with music or do something to indicate the nature of our character, Gojitmal might be a stronger film. Although I understand that you want sex to talk to you, there is a technical element missing from this movie, which has further aggravated even more desires. Technically this was a poor film. Obviously, an independent film in nature, director Jang was not typically independent of nature, but attempted to make symbolic references to nothing. As I mentioned above, I did not see many social messages or human elements, just as I did this movie for two weeks and realized that sex was a good deal. It was not the production of Larry Clark; it was sub-par, and the latter needed some technical clicks to develop more freely! <br /> <br /> Generally, I can love this movie and have some small things I love, but I felt that this movie was abducted, repetitive, and playing against taboos instead of breaking them. The main scenes of this movie, when we are eager for the title of this movie, are the main scenes of this movie. Our heroes were upset, our story was less developed and we could use something memorable to make things happen between Y and J more symbolic than sex. Was Jang working hard to meet me in a pornographic way? and failure has failed. <br /> <br /> <strong> <span style = "font-size:
