What's up there? Let me know. This is the presence of Alec Baldwin. He is not a great actor, perhaps a beautiful star, perhaps a good movie, not one of them. He did more than anything he had done before or after. So, do not say (Steve McQueen) to play the same role in the original (literally!) Because I do not want to compare it first. I'm a great fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), he has very bad movies, and even at best he looks average! And when it comes to its charming rare beauty, it really gets nervous! If it were a good blonde, everyone would be surprised, and I'll wrap my hair as soon as possible! And what's with all the madness over Miss Basinger's legs ?? !! Undoubtedly, it does not taste mad or bad. I do not see them as sexual, not just UGLY. And if you hate it, shoot me, but what do you know? I just watched this movie, so I'm dead! But, indeed, you are in an unbearable way that nothing goes to one who is most entitled to credit and, of course, (Jennifer Tilly). Now we're talking about a real true charm. a unique meaning of alimony, such as unforgettable body and a dark darkness (Marilyn Monroe), but it is more healthy! (I can not help it, it was a new and waiting thing here!). (Michael Madsen), as James Woods, is more effective than good people, is here to summarize the first events next to the pool (hence the trailer will be his voice later!) And he knew Everything was talking about Hollywood all the time, Make the things that are done, earn money and get success in other films! ", Editing, with a fierce atmosphere made with a shining sparkling cinematography, gave her a serious personality (action, excitement, ..) here and pretty well prepared, each as the main dramatic motive of the thing, any deficiency in a deep sense (of all kinds of betrayal) is not so strong, but wait for it. Okay, everything is exceptional without anything else (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!) So I think I'm trying to be objective, so I can not tell my view (Basinger) or everyone here is better than this movie more .. It can be insult because it's sincere .. Everything is better than this movie!
