I appreciate things that Barney has achieved, but after sitting down at a college movie house yesterday evening, I could not think ... When will this end? Very long and complicated two hours and fifteen minutes. I just saw a part of Cremaster 3 on the DVD and thought I knew what to expect. Here's how experimental films are digested with fewer increases. There are a few nice / terrible looks ... the title (no joke), but if you go into something that is waiting for any plot or meaning, you're on the way to a long snooze. I was awake for everything (though this is a compliment), but not often, I was expecting some kind of sense or artistic ... a big mistake. The collection of drawings contains a fancy gift sacrifice ceremony, a disgusting container set up with a cookie cutter and an obscure pack of shrimp oil jelly plates (given to the ship's crew), with a large blubber cheesecake and Bjork and director Matthew Barney interact with evisceration, eventually culminates in some frightening society, and then transforming creatures like whales into them. Soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and boring ... sometimes cunning. Once upon a time, Bjork reads a song with past rituals played before us, and at other times there is a constant droning of a high-level instrument and we see a mysterious woman who sees it. the beginning and the end of the movie. It's not logical if it sounds, because it's not! If this cup sounds like tea, then you really love it! If it sounds like something like this, stay away from it because I'm going to go through the theater as a few people. This is a definition of an art movie. You get what you get from him. But on the contrary, there is really nothing more than just a few oddities and permanent construction and decoration ceremonies. I'm glad that there is a place for such films, but I still can not say I'd like to sit there. But I do not want to see one of the Barney Cremaster films from beginning to end, and I can not say that I do not want to compare it. Perhaps I now know that I can have something like this. It would be a good idea to be a stoned person to give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding this film is about. Nevertheless, it could have been for two more years, and then it would have turned into something really serious. Not necessarily for everyone.
