In the city of Minor America Meadowvale. Anthony Blake (David Gale, the IMDb list for this character is incorrect, maybe Dr. Blake Dr Blakely) is a local TV program called 'Independent Thoughts', a director and founder of the famous Psychological Research Institute. It uses the T.V show to hypnotize viewers and make them violent movements. Dr. Blake has a great brain with a bad face that uses a spinal cord as a queue. Generally, the brain sits only in a tank, eats the mouse, and is the only bad actor, and each time it gets bigger. However, the young Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan), a talented, but uncomfortable, native of the high school, was caught in the toilet's sink. Jim, PRI for help with behavioral problems and behavior. Sent to Blake. I'm not sure if Dr. Blake misses Jim, it's a good thing. Whatever happens, it depends on the brain. At first, Jim may resist brain control. The brain feels that Jimin has a threat and plans. Jim from PRI once stunned, and his car collapsed. Jim is taking his waitress girl Janet (like Cynthia Preston Cyndy Preston), but soon returned to Dr Blake Assistant Verna (George Buza) by officer Marks (Harry Booker). The Brain wants to kill Jimi because he is the only person who can resist the clever control methods and the "Independent Thoughts" do not want the brain to stop anything or everyone's evil plan of the world! Jim soon realized that the brain was controlling the whole city, and he must stop his brain alone before crossing the globe! <br /> <br /> In my opinion Brain, driven by Ed Hunt, who called himself Edward Hunt here, thought it would be bad. Of course not good, do not get me wrong. Scripted by Barry Pearson, T.V. The satire runs a stab by brainwashing and theoretical control by the storyline. It is acting fairly and is not very boring. There is no explanation for the existence of the brain, and we must admit it. The story is a bit embarrassing and there is no stranger to the point where there is a full element of control, the television control, the brain itself, Jim's detention by the police and his bad behavior and other small bits and pieces there. Blake has never been disclosed. The production of this movie seems cheap and probably cheap. Acting is not great, but I've seen worse, and what is David Gale? In fact, this role resembles Gale's role as pre-his role as in Re-Animator (1985). The brain itself first sits in a tank and someone eats, begins to grow, and eventually is very large. Each stage is made of only rubber. It does not look particularly good and is not scary and creepy, just cheap. Do not miss any blood or anything other than a blink, and do not miss it. Nudity is provided by Dr. Blake's assistant Vivian (like Christine Kossak, Christine Kossack) before eating. The brain had a certain value for me, but most people thought that they would not love it. If you look at T.V. for free, maybe the cost of one hour.
