I'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series - books are written at the 6th level with no science, technology or policy research and understanding. Although the books succeed in maintaining the books, their methods of fulfilling their prophecies are ridiculous (eg the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Also, there is a unshakeable propagandizing tone that links the unbelievers, not the gospel, in books. But since I was interested in the events of Revelation, I read these books. For a similar reason, I was watching adaptation to this movie. I'm sorry to say that there is a limitless movie on the poor. Imagine that, in most cases, poorly-acting and substitute acts are sometimes neutral. The scenario is pretty bad, though it is unexpected when it starts without a root. The heroes are weak and less developed. Events are scattered and closed. Sometimes the dialogue ran. At least the book was able to carry out the theory of hockey conspiracies. Here, though, the reader is reading a book, but there is a great deal of unsettled confusion. The course of the film is also very poorly executed with the opening and the result very viscous and dragging the medium slowly causes a sliding that feels padded. Music is schizophrenic. In some cases, the sound mode sounds and sounds successfully. At other times, the music of the sitcom and mini-series reminds us. And still the other bits are just a popping MTV soundtrack that does not belong to the movie. But I can give the movie points for the panic scene on the plane. No scenes other than Rapture disasters are required. The film's message is not as much as your letter, though it suffers from the book's care. In general, I just found it frustrating as a movie. This is not a movie for Christians who rallied around. Hopefully next year, the film will not pay attention to this movie. There would be more unnecessary explanation for Christianity. BeauSeigneur for a sophisticated, intelligent, well-researched series of verse-based sermons based on Revelation (which reflects the realist and Christian outlook without treating a secular reader by James to read the Trinity of Christ in James. This is a better choice for infidels or believers who appreciate the excellent reading and quality.
