Previously, no film maker's motives were more transparent. Let's see: THE FIRST, the biggest thing since the begging white bread is that all the TV makers who want to encourage this film. NEXT encourages many fundamentalist Christians to buy copies of the film. Finally, when movie theaters hit, many are able to see Christians as much as possible, and if necessary they automate the multiplexes, but not the film itself, but opening the box number 1 <br /> <br /> But this is of course not enough. I think that any film critic will be considered "anti-Christian" to give something less than a glowing look called "Left Behind". <br /> Of course, this shameless manipulative marketing campaign should not be a surprise to everyone. For all this, good old capitalism is at work. What surprised me is how many people came into the minds of all the "left-wing" minds. As someone who shares my spiritual beliefs in a sense and in a rational sense, it shocks me. As you can see, many people believe that a "Rapture" will happen in the near future and millions of people will be lost simultaneously on all sides of the globe. What is the reality, I wonder if these people live? These "Rapture" are something they really believe, or would they want to believe from the heart? When they reach the end of their lives and realize that Rapture is not, will they be disappointed and disappointed? <br /> <br /> For a while, I wish that such an event would take place! What an interesting day would be! It would be even more interesting to note that Apocalypse, the authors of the "Left Lane" series, were not anthropological, but rather the magnificent formation of Stephen Spilberge with boiling clouds and trumpets, from which angels came down from heaven to all nine squares. Perhaps, as evangelicals have warned for many years, there is something far better than the cold, challenging, physical reality we live in. <br /> <br /> But in the final analysis, I agree with myself that it is a cold, heavy, physical reality. My life is not trivial, because I need the fear of "Rapture" and "The End Times" ... I do not need to be afraid to bribe or paramilate paradise or heaven for everyone, thank you very much.
