I entered a Video Store and about 30 minutes later I looked around to find some Horror Movies. I screamed on the "Masters of Horrors", "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". Okay, the same old Horse Horse looked like shit, but I was interested in one reason. It's about Pro-Life, being a classic, returning to the John Carpenter form (I liked it The Thing, so it would be good) and talked about all that. I turned it into thinking that it would be a great and interesting thing, and I was wrong ... There was accidentally something frightened of a girl passing through a forest. A car stops it and selects it (can it be just people who need to see it?) They take him to a clinic and investigate it, all of which appear in his father's gates and allow him to do so, not near that area. Most likely, you do not know anything in the past, but you do not know any of them. She really does not want her daughter in this place, the center of abortion. He is very strong against such acts and does not think that God will not. He heard "support" called "Pro-Life". To overcome abortions and to allow babies to be born is a disease. They do not like the life of an unborn life, but have killed people for birth in the past? Justice is just a description of the mind. In any event, after returning to the car, it is important for girls to be pregnant, even though they are pregnant. She is pregnant only for a few weeks, but is only a few months old. She says she can not understand herself and she tells her that she is pregnant and wants everything, but eventually she is harassed by a Demon from Hell and that her dad wants this baby (but "God" wants this baby really does not exist). He takes his three sons (they armed themselves with Pistols and Shotguns) and they begin to enter the Clinic (shooting to anyone who does not cooperate). The head of the clinic has well-arranged problems with the past. They end their killing of their ancestors, but in the end they are shot several times (bullet belt). The Father then gives women what they believe. She opens a hole where Vagina will be, if we are a woman, she will stick some kind of sucker there and silence all these bloodshed. While all this happens, the girl gives birth to a Demonic baby with many legs, and some Demon is staying in the Earth (not in the same room) and begins looking for her child. The Father sees this later and asks why he is in it, he says what he did, and why he did not understand it. <br /> <br /> Demon had killed both of his sons before and now goes to the Father ... If your daughter killed a baby and Demon took it (not on the same stage). <br /> <br /> Yes, it's probably a pretty cool and thrilling Horror Film, but it's not. The player is terrified and unattractive, the drill does not even drag and drop, incorrect characters, and do not even destroy them; just putting things together does not mean that all the smallest parts, or even big things, do not waste time. I will not classify it as frightening, but there are elements of fear that ultimately lead to the results they are trying to succeed. <br /> <br /> I do not want to apologize for having my knowledge and reviewing it in detail, and I just did not have time to write something exciting. . I do not want to apologize if my spelling and details are incorrect, I can not really worry about investigating anything.
