Creep is a story of Kate (Potente), a very different bourgeois plant, awakening to find a place in the noise of the last underground train and to find himself in a locked temple station. After coming together with his co-worker, and the striker Guy, after leaving the line on a mystery train that runs after the lines, everything goes well and is watching how dangerous it is on the streets of the city. His story is linked to the Blackwood, which works in the sewage system; <div> <div> Metro station, some sort of abandoned underground surgeon they put an end to the sewerage work before they gather. There are no toilets in most subway stations, but how an operation is beyond me. Of course, the film explains that the operation does not have water. But is there electricity? <br /> <br /> Only one of the many discrepancies encountered with the daily atmosphere of faith that the film is trying to create. The monster itself is a problem. There is absolutely no exchange of ideas for events, but only for killing people for obvious reasons. Certainly, of course, they keep alive for no reason, maybe later they will be able to escape and add an extra 15 minutes or more to the film. I understand that natural disaster will frighten, but then the film tries to explain itself with a doctor and son's photo and shoots some pictures in some banks with babies, and it's so tired and sad. It is not difficult for the creature to lose its ability to communicate with predatory wailings for quite some time, and to explain how its relocation is. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This doctor's job is that it's a hopeless attempt to film itself in the memory of the film, and it's hard and hard to watch, though it's not enough. The last third part of the film is forced to break down an emotional relationship that has never existed and to rebuild symbols for little or no apparent reason. George is still emotionally challenging seconds after he goes to pieces over someone who can not meet anything, stating that he still wants to kidnap his daughter, shaves and Kate burns himself for a travel card. Yes. <br /> <br /> As soon as film starts as "It can happen to anyone", the film falls shortly after offering more real-life ideas. The lack of emotional interest in the heroes and the lack of durability make it possible to prevent it.
