Sometimes it is a movie that is unique. The Nostril Picker is such a film, The Nostril Picker, as I have never seen in any other film, unfortunately The Nostril Picker and for me this is contingent for the different reasons the directors have been designed in advance. Read and hope that it will be clear ... The Nostril Picker, usually under the title "The Changer," begins with a lot of heavy filming of the city of America, starts with such things from the streets and plants, and launches opening credits. When the Nostril Picker started properly, when we were introduced to a real loser named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) in his 40s, he lived in a terrible small apartment where he watched the television, eating a beef, eating dog food and rubbing a puppet Listen to old vinyl records like dance. Joe loves teenage girls, she has a variety of pornographic magazines but has more. But an ugly walk, Joe, does not want any young lady to come out with her or to do anything else with her. A former day-old citizen, Horace Grimm, sees the pain and suffering he has seen in Joe's (formerly known as Joe, who spoke to police for the kidnapping of a teenage girl) and decided to help her. He speaks of an incantation he learned from the "darkness" in Vietnam, where he could transform Joe's look where he wanted it. He calls morphocentesis, but at the same time warns Joe, "if you do so much, it's crazy to you." That night, Joe decided to try a public place on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, it is a dreadful dance and starts yodelling. Joe finishes saying that the London Bridge is Falling Down, yes, listen, and I do not do that. First, Joe is disappointed in the obvious when nothing is important. To soften himself, Joe is trying to buy a porno mag, but the writer (Kevin Devoy) is shocked when he refuses to sell her to a little girl. Joe understood that his sparkling spark was what was happening, and his way of claiming that his father had sent him to buy it. Joe, now alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), feels the capabilities and is heading straight to high school. Joe, with four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong, Créisi Stroud, Tracy Harper, and Brenda Kearn, Aimee Molinaro, and under her mask, oh & Joe, just a teacher in school Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis) was asked. At first Joe seems fairly harmless, she just loves to hang around girls toiletries and things like that. But things change as Joe severely killed Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edwards Tanner), with his partner, Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), is a detective appointed by the pathologist to take the patient responsible for killing his girlfriend Joe again shoots? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker was wrong, I watched it only a few hours ago and I do not think it's obvious that a producer and certainly a Patrick J. Matthews co-author, cinematographer, will not notice much, and though for the Nowicki Matthews to " credit "would be very happy to buy. Anyone involved in the preparation of The Nostril Picker should be allowed to go to a camera anywhere. The Nostril Picker is one of the worst films I have ever seen and tells you something. It's totally scary in any way that you can imagine. The script developed by Steven Hodge, no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development, and numbingly nickname are not so true. The chain of devices and events in The Nostril Picker is completely incomprehensible. Joe is actually a scene where he finds herself a prostitute (Steven Andrews), and Joe begins to pursue her apartment with two sparkling dildo. The next story that the student told the police was cunning and laughing politically. And I hate the latter, not only foreseeable, but afterwards it opens the door, I think that the mind will tremble! At the technical level Nostril Selector is terrifying, dot and hop photography, mild and inappropriate music, unforgettable places, poorly constructed (Brenda was killed in the kitchen, still bleeding from the TV screen on the opposite side) with a few cut rubber finger, a throat and Joe I've been sitting in a very effective and very unimpressive special effect that comes from eating a body. It comes as no surprise that the shooter and crew working on the Nostril Picker have no IMDb credits for anything before or anything. With 76 single minutes, the Nostril Picker is too long and really boring to sit. I can keep going all day long about how bad the nostril picker really is. What was the intention of filmmakers that I could not work very well? The Nostril Picker is a truly unique film, unique in its horror and uncompetence. In The Nostril Picker's case, I hope this is not the worst movie I've ever seen yet, but it's unique, saying it's convincing. Definitely avoid it.
