Bo Derek could have had a career in which he did not allow his late husband to take John as a director. This is really a straight line and with the right part (see "10") is a real shame, Bo was okay. He could not even earn the most awards, but he was not worse than many actresses in the last 15 years or only by his single appearance. However, when looking at this issue, John Bo decided to slide into a 10-wave wave, while Bo was "the perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America", and "the 1980's sex symbol". The problem is in John's hands, this wave collapsed with noisy noise within just a few years. Perhaps she knew her limitations as an actress, and maybe she had directed her films to her courage and prepared her films, not her actor skills. But the old truth was fast. John and Bo Derek's films (honestly) are really bad indeed. Edgar Rice Burrough's literary symbol, the Lord of the Monkey, and Apesin Tarzan's actions are bad. <br /> <br /> Do you know what's bad? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, encourage me to cry, just do not cast me down. Even Bo's striking looks and figures are of no interest, and that's what the film will be built around. Richard Harris (who maintained the spirit of God, he and Bo previously had Orca btw) made him a homage and at least a little exciting to his scenes, and Miles O'Keefe is physically impressive Tarzan. Perhaps, after hitting a single ton of poison with critics on this movie, he had the last laugh, Miles was not a great art, but a movie that was a movie of B movie, but that's a million times more fun. But besides, it's Bo's body and you can see it many times before you go with something else. Tarzan Ape Adam does not have anything else. John Derek was really a dynamic player, not director. He remained in force. Given this movie numbingly slow pace, and nothing happens in action scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was entertaining and fulfilling the desire (those who did not want to be flexible, strong and well-visible as Lord Greystoke)! If you do not get anything from here. Watch it and you'll waste your 107 minutes of life. According to the second thought, you can face a valuable lesson in how to control someone's movie career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is good in my book. Until the day of death, John is standing beside the true love of animals and nature, and even with a giggle in the center of attention. He also proved that the lips were not blonde because he wanted it to be so. If he was saved from Tarzan and Bolero, he could save everything. <br /> <br /> Steve Strong, one of the few countries, plays simultaneously with Steve Strong, a refugee camp.
