Undoubtedly, one of the most disgraceful remixes of classics in the history of film - especially since the tag line "The most beautiful woman in the most erotic adventure of all time" has not been properly utilized !! Despite being featured on television regularly on my TV-set since my childhood, this film has denied her fame (not for immorality, but for foolishness on erotic content), and I just dumped Bo Derek's previous film, 10 (1979) and Christmas she watched many fantasy items. Actress / producer Bo Derek is forced to take his clothes several times, as expected, in a school-job sexless (witness) unique banana scene, but greet these scenes, more vulnerable. Then Richard Harris, as Jane's obsessive exploration father, stepped out of the scene, but John Philip's Law, Jane gently registered himself as a first-aid assistant; the newcomer Miles O'Keeffe has a leading roles and only features a 45-minute movie, except for its famous jodoin (probably from Johnny Weissmuller!), except that it is completely silent and, in addition, the trees that are regularly interrupted during the second half of the film; Note that later, Joe D'Amato and King Arthur played a role in the two ATOR films called "VALENT" (1984) (or CONAN imitators). An actor, director John Derek (also acting as his / her own cinematographer) has some of the best filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and several others (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don Siegel), but he has clearly learned his leadership in this direction as a great responsibility: when it is a terrible ambition (the slow python attack sequence of the slow motion method) with the sophistication of the slow motion method and the cheesy transitions; <br /> <br /> Derek's 7th film was the second director (with his wife, Bo, the fourth) and, as a result, he said he would only do it twice. <br /> <br /> The full deficiency of the film is just the Tarzan legend against the film again - GRAYSTOKE: TARZAN, LIFE RABBI (which I have not yet seen) - just three years later! Six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and Bo Derek won the first prize for himself, TARZAN, APE MAN, in another highly anticipated but extremely hopeless way, co-authored by Gary Goddard, the future director of the transposition (this time animation) silver screen of heroic figure, UNIVERSE MASTER (1987), and so on (summer) again! Despite a charming final credit array playing with an orang-utan and musical racing around Tarzan and Jane, in fact, half-true and often unpleasant, any delayed good intention is defeated. in a clever and fatal way, showed that Tarzan's character, John Derek, had left him an insignificant supportive character in his own film!
