This is a great tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are not with us. But in 1981, men's CVs seem to have a very ugly look. Undoubtedly, John Derek imagined what he did for Maryln Monro and Raquel Welch, "Someone Liked" and "One Million Years BC", creating a symbolic sex symbol of the new form. Dudley Moore '10' Bo 's fame on the shore of the boat, fleeing to embrace all the stars in Sri Lankan and laying the film meant no mistake. Excellent, as they say, Mortals plan and God laughs. It should be noted that when the film was released in 1981, Edgar Rice Burrows wanted to act legally against him. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who, in turn, turns to Africa to come together to meet with his insulting father, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who seeks to find the belongings of a local legend you call "The Great Sea," and his existence is conventional wisdom. Harris can even give a testimony similar to the effects of tropical heat, even though he finds a way to an African country (even with a Sumatra-based Orang-Utan), a torn Irish song that sounds like a jolly song, Jane Parker, Bo and Rich. But long ago local legends began to circulate with the Big White Ape, and Jane heard the famous jodo. This Miles O'Keefe is a film for the future B-Movie star and makes a very strange debut as Jungle's dressed Lord. Unlike Johnny Weismuller, O'Keefe Tarzan is silent, speaking freely with English or Ron Ely. Though considering some Bo and Richie's dialogue, this is probably not a bad thing. Harris and his convoy reach the Great Sea, which is located on a large plateau, working in the half of Africa .... Are there sea, lakes, and other wetlands generally located in the lowlands? That is just one of the many abnormalities in John Derek's universe. The crew tried to set up cliffs, and when the ropes fluttered, Harris protested abusive people in their misery. In another case, Jane will give another opportunity to see some unbalanced nudity, deciding to drift naked in the Inland Sea. There is no single lion visible from anywhere. Now the lions are generally proud and never approach the beaches, but then Tarzan will fight with a (poisonous) boa constrictor. Zoology does not seem to be one of John Derek's strongest points ..... This Tarzan film, Jane, is proud of the Jungle Lord and decides to take his strength. But when you see some of the chimps are close to you, you have to be surprised ... Edgar Rice, speaking of Burroughs, could claim. Some primates are quite suspicious about their phone makers: The puppy here does not give the bad tricks. When Tarzan and Jane finally get her, especially when the elephants ride the back and make fun of things in their hands! The castle of this film was captured by many stereotypical cannibals who were bothering Bo and Harry for preparing our heroine and preparing to sacrifice / eat / serve it. Adequate, Big Wood Ape takes his daughter and * SPOILER * Harris hits himself on a big elephant tusk! This does not stop the immortal Parker from submitting a monologue to Jane. As you know, Rice Burrows has no property rights, but Tarzan Ape Man is crucified (not surprised)? John Derek could combine "Tarzan Ape Man 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe as local happiness and "Boy" in Dudley Moore.
