I watched this movie on the Today's Channel (2006). Above all, I understand that this is not a document, but a drama. However, at least the critical "facts" of the story can be based on actual events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The film has this right. From there he relies on facts and swings rapidly. I have never heard of this movie before I see it. As I was a television reporter during these events, I did not hear anything about the strange behavior of Catherine Haig, as depicted by Richard Dreyfuss. All the nation "I'm in control" and so on. He heard, but Dreufuss' Haig, as if he had a cabinet and personally taken away the control. After watching the movie, I began to explore the subject on the Internet and quickly found the real audio cassettes and transcripts of the majority of the situation claiming that this movie was reenacted. The main "realities" of many incredible films are the general chaos of the White House, the Secret Service, and so on. It means to show and the leadership of the nation behaves indecently and the world is moving around near the Nuclear War - it is a mistake. They did not happen! There is undoubtedly a domestic conflict. Haig takes the wrong steps, the performance of the press room is historically regrettable and it is "tough." There is nothing near the scenes reflecting the film. There are great mistakes in the list, but any fair comparison of the written and written notes and fantasies of this film raises questions about what the producers are really trying to do. Enlightenment? Inform? Entertain? I believe that all three fronts fail. It is difficult to say the motives to others, but it is important to ask seriously what is behind such a shameless invention. As for the documentary film "Reel-Real" of my favorite History Channel, the main focus of the movie - there was almost no talk about the events in the Administration on the day of the filming. Thus, viewers are allowed to explore without much - if any - from the network.
