This is one more proof of how hard it is to adopt the Jane Eyre screen, which Susannah York and George S. Scott played in 1970, and how wrong it might be. True, the film is suffering from DVD transmissions - some of the original scenes have been shortened and so badly shaped that they have brightness-proof gaps and an important scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence !! But if editing is better, there would not be a movie. The scenario is bad, the characters of the characters are wrong with the novel and almost all the actors are wrong. As a result, there is no sense to follow Charlotte Bronte's adaptation. The problem is not just a series of scenes shortened or not - all with short adaptations - but it does not overlook the tone, spirit, atmosphere and the concept of the novel. <br /> <br /> This Jane Eyre leaves Gateshead for example, and Janein It starts with Lowood. While some scenes need to be avoided, Helen has an influence on Jane's development rather than using time (words) that reflects Helen's friendship, focusing on the lectures, movies, and the physical ill-treatment of Helen, who led to absurd extinction in her Christian stoicism . Helen's suffering is as bad as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard describes Helen as a kind of sadistic prisoner who wants to take his early death. And it's about those in Lowood. I think that if compared with years spent in Lowood in Rome in Jane, the film just regretted that Jane did not touch the surface of a particular episode in his life. And this is a problem throughout adaptation: it runs from stage to stage, often without transitions and nowhere near the essence of the novel. Dialogs are a mix of lines and lines drawn from the novel, and have been strangely blurred, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are diminished, and they also spend 5 minutes on the screen before they fall in love. there is nothing more than the glow, intensity and humor of conversations between Rochester and Jane in the romance. However, as the writer did not commit unfairly in Bronte's language, he managed to destroy his moral structure in one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the wedding, Rochester says, "I loved her as I loved her once." The whole moral concept of Rome is that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral plan and has been trapped to seek a true partner of life to marry a terrible woman he never liked, and if it is not sacred, it can still be understood and forgiven by the law of God and man! However, this sentence totally totally disrupts all of Bronten's well-established moral understanding and makes Rochester a dirty old man who wants a new young wife, because he has no longer benefited from it. <br /> <br /> With regard to errors related to casting errors: I am not one of those who are currently demanding physical resemblance between any actor and the literary figure depicted by him, but with no sense of imagination, his favorite, blond, blue - Susanne Yorku as a straight hero and made a mouthed full. In addition, when York was thirty years old, film was filmed and when it was seen. Jane, a shameless, protected and inexperienced novel, played by him, is absolutely sure of himself and his deserts, a perfect, elegant and mature woman. Susannah York is not a good and convincing thing, but Bressel is not Jane Eyre. Rochester should have the motivation to have a desire to look old enough to make 18 years difference between Jane and Rochester as Rochester for George S. Scott. <br /> <br /> <strong> Quote: Quote: Quote: Quote Originally Posted by 4 messages thanked Cristina for this post: There are scenarios that directly follow the changes. After the wedding, the romantic peaks of the romance between Jane and Rochester turned into a calm, effective conversation between Rochester's two middle-aged men. When Jane returned to her on the final stage, she was amazed by her dear grandfather, who came to visit her elderly niece in her nursing home. The only character that reflects the feel of the taste is St John. Ian Bannen plays in a very attractive way and likes Jane's response to the love that simplifies St John's novel in Rochester. Although Bannen is good, his St John is far from the novel of Yorke Jane and Scott Rochester. This very disappointing Jane Eyre's only indispensable features are places and accounts, and I only recommend this product to those who want to watch and compare each of the Jane Eyre's adaptations.
