I saw this movie at the Rotterdam Film Festival (Jan '06) and then followed the debate between the director and the public. Many people were shocked and protested. He will get a lot of negative critics. But the world is so cruel and it's not funny. People do not like it. It does not mean that the film is bad. I can see the difference. Do not hit the prophet who showed us our world's "hubble" weapon! Nevertheless, I think this is a bad movie. Film is technically good. Beautiful pictures and script, most suitable music, great actors. The director tries to take a psychological film, and psychology is poor. It is not an art that describes itself as such. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind violence. How do a shy guy come to such a tyranny? The director looks like this, but it's not good. <br /> <br /> The director repeatedly used the word "obscenity" to refer to the word "teacher." Only: this teacher was illogical - only a few roles were disturbed by his script, which cared for his disciples. I think it is simplification to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the village was creepy and her mistress made mistakes ("I'm scared of it!"), But it's not convincing for me to cause a lot of pain in the bottle, the most embarrassing guy comes to such terrible things. In fact, is the reality more complicated than the way it describes this movie? and better explanations are needed. Something interesting would be: how does it work? <br /> <br /> For me, explain this process so that you understand that at the end of the article, the director marked an alternative lifestyle. This was another extreme and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter writer were bad psychologists who promote black / white thinking. The connection between film and violence in society has proven. Use of such violence gives him the right to use it correctly. There are quite black-and-white thoughts around the world, many war and suffering. I hope this movie will not be successful.
