I take a lot of time to enjoy a movie. See it in a month and see it differently, or 50 years later drilling on a different continent and some religious observers find something stylistically beautiful, as they first went unnoticed. After the British premiere, Robert Carmichael's Great Ecstasy, I was not surprised to find that the question and answer session was more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen, the art director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival, supported by the film director and producer, argued for more than just filming the audience as a general response. Edinburgh Festival audience is not easily shocked. Only one man hates. The critics of the movie were very open and constructive from worthy public, as well as an actress and M.A film directors. This is not a "shock" movie. There was a continuous rate of sexual violence, but much less than the film (most commonly known as guns, sexually transmitted organs). The audience did not like it, because they were extremely disappointed by the fact that they did not have high standards of performance, where the poor, predictable and compact areas and where they had been subject to controversial film debate. War metaphors in Iraq have been shortened, long-emphasized and unobtrusive (from general interpretation to violence, no deep meaning is obvious); <br /> <br /> Marquis de Sade, a reference to a 'figure leaf' from a member of the audience, appears to be just a miracle excuse for the finale to develop. <br /> <br /> We have a certain amount of money for an adult (he stands at school for music), but he / she takes drugs and does not have anything to do with them and it depends on youth who are subjected to aggression and violence . <strong> Robert </ strong> <br /> <strong> Robert </ strong> <br /> <strong> The audience decides how Robert went through this path Should They Give Effect to Their Peers? Why did not all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers make a better approach to life? In cinematic, he is very dependent on drugs, embarrassment, concealed spirituality or waiting for his turn?) There is a carefully montaged scene hanging back. A few friends are raping a woman in a room, partially viewed and filmed in the center of the screen. In the front of the bare bones, the DJ is more concerned that the girl's screams did not compare her happy home music to a woman. As a result, their activity is of little concern to the police. Although he knows he is exposed to rape, his use of serious musical music creates deep concern. However, the rest of the film, including its so-called controversial peak of genuine (not very neutral) sexual violence, is not the same as the rest of the film. Some people reacted decisively to it (the intentions of the filmmakers: "We were able to reach a reaction if they woke up"), but mostly reflects statements from Cannes to the reaction of "Why did the programmers draw us to a good quality movie?" Guiding Clay Hugh can talk, but he has not developed vision vision. The answer to keeping a mirror to tell the truth about the things swept on the carpet is a little tricky development because it does not even want to make a standard Hollywood film - all is a good response to criticisms, but unfortunately, they do not apply to the film, while some of them release the movie while playing flawlessly do their best to keep a mirror. When I tried to test and give it any sort of doubt, I talked to him in a few minutes, but I found him embarrassed as his film and soon moved to the bar. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to bring up education, to amuse others, and to encourage one another. I asked if there was any social or political agenda and Ken Loach (who lost a lot of big names) did not go far enough to accept any agenda. He returns to his mantra about his work to explain his truth. I think it's an overwhelming project for a new director, or we should try to make an unscrupulous attempt to propagate for a second degree job. <br /> Andy Warhol was a tin soup and art. Clay Hugh wants to imitate the great directors who created controversial movies and pushed their borders. Unfortunately, at the moment his ability extends to give a loud noise to just one promotional movie.
