I'm not sure if I'm being dragged to watch this movie, but after a few moments, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while, at least the story would surprise me, but I realized that it was a waste of time - there was just nothing. Design: pretty good, mostly some of the designs of the environment, but the characters were terrifying in terms of animation and design. They may still look great - posters and screens, but not when they come to life! They simply did not work, and most 3D companies make the same mistake: technically 3D is really hard to create natural materials, which will make the character feel alive. Indeed, hair, skin, cloth and so on. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (so money) to create something like that. The characters in the movie produced a "piece" and it just did not work! Hence, they were faced with a dirty cold feeling of a computer clutter that stretched out like a piece of plastic. The only thing that did not feel was that puppets were prepared (these were the characters). I think that choosing this style for this character is a big mistake. Only 3D shoot'n had a computer game feeling. I have a computer game on my screen, I do not know about you ... I do not want to go to cinema ... I'm a professional animator and very disappointed at the low level of animation at "9". It was tough, elegant, almost no imagination or mood. <br /> <br /> And all this can be resolved by bad design and bad animation. a good story, right? There was no such situation here. In fact, the story was the worst thing in the movie. Each level was down. It starts straight forward, moves straight and is the same. No bumps, surprises, good dialogue, or even development. We have heard and we have seen thousands of stories of human capture machines and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ended in the first minute of this film. Heroes do not have time to enter the story - they are just showing themselves and immediately some of them act without knowing what happened. It just did not work. <br /> <br /> Operation, sound and script - oh my wife, what can I do? Say, it was a pity. The bad event has a bad script and "No, do not do it!" Except for some dialogues. "I'll do it!" "But you can not do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to rescue him!" and so on. and so on. and so on. each time it was repeated, so besides these miserable dialogues, "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", "Oooh" and "Whatchout" and "Run!" and "OhOhh!" <br /> <br /> The result is bad performance, bad animation, bad sound, bad event. bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twist, nothing. Only good designs are not worth the time. GREAT NO!
