First of all, this film is not a complete disaster. If you had never heard of Gram Parsons's true story, it might seem like a pretty entertaining sabotage. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized because he acts as Phil Kaufman - he's back and is very good looking at the earth and you can choose the root of each of his longevity. Michael Shannon is giving loans for quite the same reasons, except hippy stoner. There are some individual comedic scenes - the hippy belt that slams at the airport hanger door comes out. But this is the end of good things, and we begin to see aspects of this movie that are really disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Gram's real father is a very shameful mistake to make a mistake on the entire movie. When we are all young, we know that all of us have committed suicide - a good movie is something that is comparable to Gram's life on the edge of the hammer. For Gram's body, it is enough to have Forster as his predecessor, rather than his father, if he does not face the known difficulties with the flying person. The woman's father confessed to providing alcohol as Gram's mother had put her mother to death, and angered Grammy learned about it later. Controversy over Gram's body, of course, can be a good reason to avoid duplication and drift up to the footsteps of a benevolent father, but then continue with burning. Whatever the name of Parsons on behalf of Grams, of course, was not like the character of Forster and it is difficult to see why this role was written. Then Christina Applegate is added to a ghostly chick (of course, very nice), who does not want to be able to begin to put Gram's body on her property. His character and his actions are inaccurate, and the director's not going to go all the way and that he and Kaufman do not have a lesbian scene between chickens playing with his girlfriend (which would not diminish a bit more). If you think of the items that can be used in a good movie about Parsons, the shortcomings of this film are easily understood. Country music is transformed by a young, polite, southern sailor - long-haired, drug-addicted, popular with ladies and eventually devastating. The story of a soldier's door crash and painting closed like Keith Richards and friends. Instead of these things, we must integrate Kaufmann into Gram's life. Kaufman, of course, holds his religious position (he is, of course, a little religious), as he did. It is clear from interviews that she welcomes her attention. The man who warned Gram Parsons of his body about his sexuality was preparing to go to him. It was not a great act of loyalty that you did, but an alcoholic run. Knoxville and the directorate are a few things to look at while interviewing. Obviously, they do not understand the story of Gram's life, nor do they want it. They want a hit movie about a cunning and insane event. It was a wonderful life with a strange end. The latter is the only thing covered by this film that Gram Parsons understands how limited the producers are.
