If you are an admirer of late Gram Parsons, then this movie is definitely going to divide you! <br /> <br /> <strong> <span style = "color: red;"> </ div> <div style = "text-align : justify; "> Kaufman (" Johnny Knoxville ") signed a contract with the" alleged "religious rock / country / folk music hero Gram Parsons, one of them died first (another was not), dying from outside, California's Joshua Tree National To be in the park precisely and to extinguish the body ... to free the soul and to be one with the place, and so on. Kaufmani, who was loyal to his word, hated himself with a slavery friend, a day before the airport, a drug and iron bender fatal way. After a while, the late Parsons girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, her father and police confronted with the Parsons stones, and all the other trivial characters were to catch Kaufmani and his hunter before the time (ie to speak) to get the chance to torch the body of Parsons works! <br /> <br /> The film's unusual course, its bad behavior, and its tedious tone make it faster than the Titanic. And I do not remember the fact that this movie did not explain the truth of the events in half. The precision that must be replaced by the inaccuracies is that number 1 includes: Parsons got married before his death, and even had a child, since his girl friend, Kaufman's narcotic friend, was more interested in throwing Parson's body than the film's description was a participant, and finally, Gram Parsons, 3rd, died. He was just a boy and he was Parrone's (in fact he was less concerned about Gram Parsons when he survived) in real life after his body was extinguished! In general, the most disturbing thing about this movie is that Phil Kaufman was really prepared to help with the truth. And yet, the movie really protects my mind, it's sincere that it's so wrong and it's too bad! Most of what happened in the film is that it's not just a bad player, it's the main character he has played by his ultra-delicacious Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), but most of the film's most susceptible or unhealthy hysterical, the brain is dead or in fact the first thing it seems to be unconscious what it is doing there! In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville or really bad bad, they think, even if you want good buddy flicks, I can only kick this movie! But if you are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy the movies that are based on the true real-life story, or just get good movies, movie clips, or fantasy imaginative movies that really cursed this movie and others you will invite them to do so. Undoubtedly, I hated this movie and never did it, but, unfortunately, it did, unfortunately, have revealed it in a different way! Perhaps one day the real truths of the story will come and will be truly a great biopic in the life of Gram Parsons ... What happened to his body after leaving his soul? However, since then, as a spectator or admirer of the late actress, it is known that this loyal loss of film and the overwhelming Parsons are behind. It should be noted that in fact, they used the Parsons music and some others nudity, but it is not surprising that you will never hear it enough to really love it in a smaller part. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
