Do not be afraid to be a local nerdy geek by a group of middle school pupils, Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) teachers and fellow students in the small town of Emerald Grove. Poor child infringes everyday abuses, abuse, aggression, and general morality. Unfortunately, his mother was a prostitute can not find a lot of things at home and then in a corn field Lester holds guilt of his blokeslərindən and strangles poor children. Ancaq bir sehrli şey olur (heç bir film, birdən yaxşılaşmır), Lesterin ruhu onu əziyyət çəkənlər üçün intiqam almaq və həyatını cəhənnəm edən cəsəd olaraq istifadə etdiyi mısır sahələrinə qəribə köçürüldü ... < <br /> <br /> IMDb kredit siyahısına görə, bu adın heç bir xarakterini xatırlamamamaqla birlikdə filmdə rol oynayan Emmanuel Iterin birgə yazdığı, birgə hazırladığı və rejissorluğu Zənnimcə, Qorxma üçün IMDb səhifələrinə baxmağı sona çatan hər kəs, ehtimal ki, onun dəhşətli şöhrətindən xəbərdardır və buna görə çox qorxurduğundan buna layiq deyim. Itier, Bill Cunningham və Jason White tərəfindən hazırlanmış skript, həyatın zərər çəkənlərindən birinin tez-tez izah etdiyi bir hadisədir ki, bu, nisbətən düz irəliləyişli yeniyetmə slasher flickində qeyri-adi üsullarla intiqam almaq üçün heç bir səbəbi yoxdur. We have seen before that we have seen the killer before, we have seen that tragic teenagers have been killed before, one of the victims of life will be able to take revenge, we seem smart The small city Sheriff that we did not know before, we have already seen that. The only real question for answering the fear is whether there is any fun to watch at the level of the young slasher type. The answer is no sounds to be honest. The film has terrifying character, terrible dialogue, instability and predictable story. There is a one-colored liner as you killed a blackbird as it killed a wind. And the end of the twisting end, which is meant to leave things open later, is just bare. The film moves at reasonable speed, but it is not exciting, and the killers are memorable. <br /> <br /> Itier does not see a good job here, the kill scenes are not bad. there is no need for any structure that means there is no tension, they are killed for a character after two seconds. At the same time, the matrix (1999) or, as some Japanese feel the kung-fu flick through all the back flips & slings murder scenes in the air'm happy with weird dude! For some lenders, the actual fear mask looks really good, and although it looks pretty cool, a bit too little is given to exclude a bad lane. Do not you think that a wooden stake is attached to the middle of an open corn all day long? I know he's a lethal coward, but I'm still hanging around the tree all day long! There is no nudity, there is nothing to write home, and some face burned, and some cornstarch stick killed, some of them are getting a shovel in his throat, cut off someone's head, <br /> <br /> <br> <Strong> <span style = "color: red;"> At least the story and character development never seem to be anything unusual did not spend. Technically this is quite a point, click and hope for the best things. Only if you look at the floor and you look at it, you see it can still breathe ... The boy playing the lady's mother's mother is wearing the most delicate wiggles and false beards because she has played two roles in the movie and has been required to disguise her, but they simply have to look ridiculous and did not start focusing on me ... <br /> The fear has some fun moments, the real fear is a beautiful creation with good makeup effects, but some part of the film is poorly developed, ill-acting, foolish, predictable and very disliked. If you want to see the fright of a great killer, investigate Cowards (1988). Gene Hackman & Al Pacino should not be mixed with Fear (1973) or fears of the near future (2008). Fear has further enhanced the sustainability of the video in a quite popular way on home videos, Cork Slayer (2003) and Horror Gone Wild (2004).
