Let's be honest. Al Gore takes care of the environment more than most people care about foot mushrooming. This is a hook! Do not make any mistakes, Al Gore is a POLITICIAN! Three years ago, despite the situation in the home, a hybrid, a Yugo, even 70 miles in a 55mph zone accelerating the GM Subway, but have fun with a LINCOLN (google google)! Or, Mr. Gore and Hollywood's friends continue to use private jet jets to join the "Wise Truth" headlines. So much for protection, Al? Anyway, it takes just one minute to look at the topic of "Subjective Truth" and reveal the main fault. While filming many prominent scientists to tell the audience about the effects of "global warming", he said that there was no one to be the reason for that. For example: I can take one hundred rooms to a parking lot and point out a car that does not work properly. To what extent can you tell the truth? Not at all! A second flaw, 100 years ago, how clear the air tools are (the toilet is still not invented)? They were wrong in June in a game box when they were there? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? So, do we know a certain extent that the planet is "warm" when the planet's record is the best suspect? Or is this the only reason for this man? There is no answer and science is no consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine covered the "New Ice Age" announcement. Truth Any 6th-grade teacher in the Earth Science is closely related to our radical changes in climatic conditions compared to the Volcanic Errors, Solar Activity & El Ninos's "Global Warming." Finally, when Al Gore did not make an adequate speech; if America decides to act as a global gospel against America and does everything she has to offer, how can we imitate the rest of the world when we can not agree on something as terrible as terrorism? Answer: This unwelcome thinking, Mr. Gore, and you know that you are the former US VP! If people who produced "revolutionary truth" really were honest, "Al Gore Wants to Be Caused". But I really would like someone to ask the former VP about it; Two of the world's largest pollutants (ACA China and India) refused to comply with Kyoto Treaties? In any case, AIT's producers are working on their next movie, "Gnomes, Fairies & Elves: Our Endangered Friends".
