Unsatisfactory Truth is completely straightforward and demagogic that, like a firefly plaque created by angry and irony Republicans, we will die for several hundred years until you try to take something away from your face during the illicit lines, but not discussed until now, but who cares , people are unhappy and destructive creatures, and I do not waste my time on the fact that there is no open end to human life. I'll just say "natural progress". Apocalypse may begin, but in the meantime we have to listen to the same treacherous, depressed politicians who offer another "new society", do not be fooled, we all control the wealthy, the authorities, and the disasters first of all. Nothing will change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, the hypocrisy of the movie, appears to be quite clear, when a consumer is driven by a self-contained gas friction machine using a computer, he also lives in the great land, a very large mosaic land, cattle, tobacco, pig farming (calculated for methane gas prints) and for destructive erosive purposes known to others, with many controversial records in the world based on its wealth of exploitation, betrayal and effort. It is very difficult for this man to teach less lucky people, but his reputation stands in opposition to another ridiculous political party, so it exposes politicians and politicians to the most treacherous traits. This bozo lives in a comfortable life, but is he talking about the productive farming and cutting methods of poor people in Africa? He travels to the world in the first-class seats that consumes fuel, uses computers placed in a documentary, and still thinks that everything is a "moral matter." He follows his own deceitful nightmare and says that he has come to the conclusion that his sister's death (death from cancer of tobacco and death of the car after his death) has come to these ends. Did they fight tobacco companies, or were they offered to ban cars because they were dangerous sliding machines? NO. Everything should serve the "economy", so it is different, it is not the answer. <br /> <br /> The tragic and tiring attempts of his philosophy of humanism are catastrophic, all of which are shot in the woods or scattered throughout the green lifetime by quitting a little river. Dear Mr. Gore, why not try to live like common people? He's a simple and straightforward politician, he has a career that invests in power structure. My question is, why not pay attention to the powerful industrial nations on earth? <br /> <br /> Al Gore offers monotonous lectures on documentary films, that is, education has nothing to do with Harvard (elite-controlled) education, while the audience is rich in white men, graphs, numbers, and interest, and in a terrific tone. says he goes to hell. There is no deception, but I believe that the approach taken by capitalism to the planet does not, for example, report this problem of a spending and waste issue. He never reminded that industrialization creates these problems, he just wants to put them on a soft coating, but it eliminates all the pressure system. Obviously, he is spoiled, sent to schools for elites, and has the same basic temperament as any backbone, such as Washington's successive widows. Unlike Republicans' thoughts, who made this propaganda, had only the goals of capitalist impulse. In other words, there will be "new green" politicians who will benefit the people and support the capitalist companies of land acquiring land in an attempt to develop a "new utopian future" with "new technology". The same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure, believes that there are many "democracy" in the United States. <br /> <br /> If we do not pay oil companies, we will pay them wind and solar energy companies. <br /> <br /> In the end, I think it's strange that GW would be rising to masses of Bush's rebellious people, and that in the 1990s, "people who came together to defeat communism" had nothing to do with global warming, but it tries to make people feel fundamental. However, when it did not realize that communism was not present in any part of the world, less authoritarianism and capitalism were a violent form than in Europe and the USSR, which controls only the interests of the United States. The sociological ecology was not so, it is really a transvestite. If you want to change the world, it must be thrown into one of these ancient systems based on envy, exploitation and violence.
