Actors in this movie appear to be inaccurate. The field does not have much to say, but I need to think about this scientist, who has developed the ability to gather things, to turn things into people's mouths and turn them into zombies (or stab their heads). which). And its effect is also bad. Most of the film is made up of bad music, and the actors interspersed with numerous drunken sex scenes, dancing equally well for bad music. This should be one of the worst things, but for something. Cutting Nightmare Weekend is an element of brightness that prevails over others. <br /> <br /> George is a favorite interface between the daughter of Jessica and the home computer security system. Green hair and nose, scalp scalp and heart-shaped mouths are a helper to George Jessica, and advises you to consult with someone how to discuss one of the most dramatic works of the dialogue held on the Celularoid. With her monotonous synthesis sound, George Jessica says that men have a hundred percent of white men in white clothes, and the evening is the third best way to meet with children after discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica can not seem to just run out of difficulties, because George's "Jessica's Protection" is a program that results in Jessica's attack on one of these steel balls. br> <br /> Kubrick was very clever to think that he could give birth to a computer by using a close-up of red light. HAL must be represented by our friend George, to better translate compassion for his subsequent death. Light and noisy show at the end of "close-ups"? Probably not bad, but it would be great that this movie was George's Handbag, the first means of communication with aliens. Bishop, Data, R2 ?? Kitchen appliances next to Jacob Corcun! That movie can only be 90 minutes to eight minutes, but do not be fooled. This show is about George. Even a limited number of limited numbers, George Hollywood joins the "New Moon Rising" as a symbol of American cinema in the category of "bright" movies such as Majai and Pappy. "George to Apache" ?? You are my hero.
