Since I watched the movie, I'm giving this movie 3 out of a 3 and I can tell you exactly how to look for an intellectual movie with a mentally annoying message. Of course, Broken is not one of these films. Thinking that the film was trying to bring everything in and out of the previous explanations, I thought they were trying to think so much, but only the exaggeration to look for one in the intellectual league. The photograph on the cover clearly indicates that Broken is the upper part of the face that is usually broken inside the brain. When this part of the body is broken, it is clear that the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So start waiting to show off the defective aspects of the movie characters, and it is not known in any of these scenes because the movie has just begun without entering characters and lives. As we all know that children have the enemy, we see the shotgun trying to surprise her, but it's still not a very powerful tip. If the tips in the film had been planted more, it would have said that it was really a work. Although the film was slow, it was empty at the same time with no metaphorical scene. And the unification of the wicked king at the end of the evil king is a strong disbelief in the assertion that some of them have spoken in other narrations. Moreover, how genuine is then Gena, when he really speaks at the end of his brother, really living in the apartment? I bet that there may be many questions that can bring a single result to any theory related to this film: This film is ambitious and time-consuming. Obviously, one of those who tried to produce something meaningless, mysterious, without any value. Someone loves pop-korn films, and I love the films of fear, and especially those who are beloved. The hero should not deliver deeper messages to movies! I discovered the masculine mask of life and wanted to show you the other right side of yours. Horror films should include blood, cries, intensity, skeleton, body organs and parts. Because it is a real horror and is far from true truth. I've watched almost all the horror films, and I can prove that each of them can be real like solar energy. As long as you think of the mind, nothing is impossible. For example, the Qatar film, like all the hardships and density of the movie, and the similarity to the "Hostel", speak of a very realistic thing, which sells people illegally in foreign countries. <br /> <br /> In some cases, though we are considering a film that has a varicose message of Broken, it is still being presented in a very bad way and it is a bit scary. I have sex, television, security / pampered and so on. Any addiction to any addiction can be very devastating and add a subtlety of addiction to a dream that goes beyond the drug addiction to emphasize that he is afraid of hell The critically acclaimed films are always meaningless and very commercial, a lot of people who are frightened and can not just like this genre, but that they are admirers of such films and their adrenaline mixes, ecstasy, leadership lessons (either believe or not!), interview with the essence of the fun of life, and Death to Whom!
