If the myth about fracture mirrors is accurate, everyone involved in this production will have bad luck for about 170 years, because there are very few mirrors. Only if a script shocks itself like a bottle, "The Broken" would be a bright film. Now, unfortunately, it's just a lot of sensitive ideas and memorable sequences, just a few, derivative and boring movies. Sean Ellis made a very stylish and elegant film, but the story is invincible and the overall lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I was discussing with a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the film. Ellis believes that doppelgang transportation has inspired an ancient legend that claimed that your death would be averted. Interesting theory, but I'm not in love with this legend, and I could not find anything on the internet. Personally, it is not only "The Broken", but also the alien invasion, but not the subject of "Occupation of Body Figures." American McVey family living in London, and especially the Gina Broken centers. When the mirror spontaneously violates the birthday celebration, it brings together some mysterious and visible supernatural events. Gina drives in a car and drives her mirrored look to an apartment building. In the event of mental retardation, it is a serious accident and ends in the hospital. When dismissed, Gina feels as if her whole neighborhood has changed. She has already recognized her boyfriend and continues to flashing in front of her eyes in the emergency parts of the accident. Is it suffering from an accident, or is there a supernatural conspiracy that occurs around it? Writer / director Sean Ellis is curious and curious about his writing, but, unfortunately, he prepares them properly. "The Broken" is really an atmospheric and elegant endeavor, but only after a half-hour film is a painful conclusion that will remain as a beautiful, but empty package. This film has a fierce "fake" tension in a frustrating way. It means creating tensions through weak music and angry camera angels when nothing is up to date. In fact, when you start a mysterious way, these tricks do not affect you anymore. Some of my surrounding friends here are comparing the movie, and especially Sean Ellis's style with David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick, and even Alfred Hitchcock's repertoire, but is that the way? WAY very glorious. PS: What is this alternative spelling; Scandinavian "ø"
