Perhaps this site is supposed to be lambasted by everyone, but Good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've ever seen. There are two films in a movie because we have two and a half hours of film, three and a half times. The first film tells the stories of the family who are forced to move their homes due to drought and famine. They must travel to the cities to eat or to find some job. Finding jewels that are comfortable in a bag and at the same time they see the drought ended. Yes OK. With this knowledge, they return home with riches, and everything is beautiful and beautiful. <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half to film, and it's incredibly lifeless at this point, it's a nice arc. You would think it would be a great place to end the movie. However, the film will last for another hour. And in the rest of her time, she takes a simple story about a family that deals with the world's difficulty, and becomes a tough melodrama of treachery and jealousy among lovers. Oh yea and old age, money is all evil prophets. As you know the epic movie, you will not need anything more than the story you need. The main idea I have about this movie is that the earth is good for this family and keeps them together. Why spend an hour to tell a story about a rich man who is in love with another woman, and why is the last moment of a film devoted to a husband whose main character is not interested in the majority of the film. <br /> <br /> Wait and film is not something that is badly written, but the main character does not make sense to his wife. She complains about how she is a slave and never wants to remember a slave and a memorial. When he falls into a hat, he is ready to sell his daughter to the slave. Even though they are hungry during this idea, it is still unreasonable when the film complains about not asking a slave 20 minutes later. <br /> <br /> From the age of 30, other films should be considered. The only thing that goes for it is kinematography. The soil is beautifully drawn, with oh and locusts, consistency greatly affected. There was nothing called a very bad movie. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that Hollywood was mostly focused on the stars, and a good player was able to describe everything. For most of the film, Paul Muni best describes an Asian man's ability, but once he hit a half point for no reason, he loses it, and just looks like old Italian Paula, even cuts hair, looks like Tony from Scarface (more a good movie). One of the main characters in the film is probably 3 Asia, and the rest are Americans. Oh and please, Mrs. Rainer, was a really good note performance, if not your Oscar rip from your hands, oh I would. <br /> <br /> Good Earth spends an epic time. If you want something in this idle place to watch a beautiful evening, Kadir Grapes will always get a praiseworthy film to win. Not because it is written mainly by a monkey.
