This is easily the most fictional and most gratifying movie of all so-called "blacksploitation" genres. These films are usually our favorite movies in our home. On the contrary, these films, in addition to "exploitation" or "mischief," actually give a priceless idea at one stage. Well, it's not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> This story went back to Duke, Bucktown, to manage the nightclub he left by his close brother. He quickly learns that the city has been governed by a corrupt police force, and that all local businesses are protecting money from bleeding. Duke resists and determines that the city will get rid of corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does this by summoning his friends (these people are explicitly interpreted as some former Gypsies who have worked with Duke in the past, and they kill the entire police department with cold blood. Of course, there are hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop him. Ignorance is not a key to killing, and it would be much more fun to see Cracker Police suffer for action than merely pushing on the street. While the revenge in this part of the film is a favorite place everywhere, Pam Grier has set aside his family, cussing them, and giving them a jujitsu ass-kick. It's art (an existing reason), and it just deserves a fair degree of dignity by firing behind someone. Of course, in this strange tale, he plays a whole woman under the thumb of Man's finger, who fears the criminals who rule the city and oppress their own people. Indeed, his advice to Duke, "Run, man, they will kill you!" <br /> <br /> After severe and violent violence, the mayor of the city congratulates Duke and his friends and offers to make a parade for them, but on the contrary, the district lawyer calls on the lawyer to give a press accusation against others and take them into custody. The Duke stops the posse parade and instead chooses to fill many gaps in the police forces created by the last murder. They immediately find their Cracker Police Predecessors ("We Are Bad Again Ten Times!" Now Duke finds Bucktown citizens are forced to rescue their Corrupt, Protective-Rocket Law Enforcement Officers and be safe for a good public in the streets. because Duke is a willing participant in the killing of the original police force, and has lost all sorts of clarity and excitement due to an entire hero. "If Bucktown rescues or is pursued at this point, I do not care about a road or other concern, we should be able to overcome the Duke's new Police Sleeves, but in fact, the film is now just an opera of free violence, Duke kills all former friends and allies with cold blood simultaneously The lack of compassion when Cracker's thrown out of the Police. <br /> <br /> Finally, when the Duke, Aretha and local prostitutes are killed on the street and bleed, heroes and heroes walk around at night. although they had many admirable features or values; they do not. Duke is simply a murderous murderer and Aretha his misogynist partner. If you are interested in this genre of film, I love them very much, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby, but if you work on this DVD, maybe it is possible! Leave it as you want! Nuclear waste should be treated as a ghost lake! Indeed, in some hormonal unbalanced high school classes, there is no movie that has dramatically more fun, joyful, and all the Blacksploitation era, with a more sympathetic and surprising character than the targeted bone.
