I think the apple tour Rogue Pictures's latest release united trailer for 'Return'. I believe with myself, in fact, a movie of fear. Instead, it's actually an extraordinary tension. <br /> <br /> Sarah Michelle Gellar's 'Return' stars like Joanna Mills, a young woman who already has personal problems, are a little exciting. At that time, she began to experience stunning visions that reflected the murder of a woman who was never familiar with her. Despite Texasa's business trip, she manages these visions with the hometown of La Salle, the wife of the murdered woman. There he often comes across another person who appears in his vision. A man named Terri Stahl, who played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now in a desperate attempt to find the answer. <br /> <br /> According to some reports, this is a self-destructive man. First of all, what words should I say? A violent moving, ugly, or very bland story? No matter what I choose behind them, they are just the same. Adam Sussman's scenario is obviously moronic. Its not interesting. It is not obligatory. Its just plain dissatisfied. I was expecting something to reset the "movie" (I'm hoping to put a quotation around the movie, "The Return" is worthy of being called a real movie because it's a mistake) and at least a little chance, but nothing happened. I was in an unbearable cold to freeze. The actors themselves were unable to escape this disaster even in such spectacular performances. Certainly, they knew that they agreed to read this movie. I think the player was so terrible. At least I believe that's what I choose. It is true that the player is not proud of his performances. <br /> <br /> Now the directive is bad, but I will not be able to crucify Asif Kappadian completely. (Good, but I'm not going to be such a nice person). I see "Return" as a trial for Cappadocia, because all of you know this is its "full length" feature. He only takes the foot of the door and learns it yet. Next time, if it were the next time, I hope he's been very good. The only thing he could achieve was completely reminiscent of the visual style of Marcus Nispel's reconstruction of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre in 2003. Now this film is given, but, unfortunately, it will not take any kudos for me yet. Copying someone's work is not something I deserve. <br /> <br /> I do not recall the name of "The Best Film of the Best Film" by Jim Sonner, "Pulse," which can be almost any imagination. and there is no doubt that this is a very small profit, no matter what happens, it will not succeed or even be parallel to the success of the previous "The Grudge" effort by Gellar.I can also say that there is something last. I'm never ashamed of leaving a theater hall until I return to 'The Return', which is something I do not want to live with, along with the "movie."
