I loved the first Little Mermaid. I know the songs, love the characters, and love the story. I can not say anything like this: The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea. That was terrible. Let's start with the story. The site was a copy of the first film. Except for compilation, the same situation! Ariel wanted to live in the land, his daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was deceived by Ursula, deceived by Melody Ursula's sister Morgana. Ursula had a sister? I'm not sure what's coming. In addition to the stunning copy of the first film, the film area was relatively tired and uninteresting in the first movie. Now Heroes: 1. What happened to Ariel? From the first film, we know and loved, unhappy, headacheless teenager has already "grown up" and his identity has dropped from the drain. Due to the fact that Jodi Benson was too big or his talent was frustrated, his voice was not strong enough. 2. Prince Eric - Like all the Disney princesses, his new voice and few lines made him more robotic, even though he was not the only person in the first movie. To extract, he can not defend himself, and Ariel becomes one of those two difficulties. 3. Sebastian - Cover the first movie with a favorite crayfish because a small teenager who has been flabbyed has taken his place. There was no good song in this movie. Almost unexpected and saddened by his unbeatable "Under the Sea" and "Kissing Girl" movies from his first movie, he is famous for his fame. 4. Flounder - They destroyed him! She is no longer sweet, her voice is scary and now she has children? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana - Ursula's sister appears to take revenge on her mother, who is always on Ursula. He plans to become king of Triton's new ruler. I know? In any case, he was a very stingy villain and a villain of the greatness of Ursula. That epigante is unlucky in gambling, it's not too difficult, and it's not a threat. 6. Melody - Ariel and Ericin's daughter. Unlike Arield, he can not read the Ironic name. His voice is boring, his comrades (complicated and penguins really are!) Are funny or unkind, and he is not the same as Ariel, vice versa and unpleasant. Skip somebody. Do not watch any Disney Play except Lion King 2. This film has been classically usurped in all our pleasant memories. I'll watch this movie and just laugh.
