Okay, for a long time as a Disney fan, I really have direct-to-video disney sequels. Walt HIMSELF did not believe them. He believed that "after the end of the period," he had been deceived by us. But this one thing ... really did mention TAKO. Many other Disney movies were not crushed, funny. A quick summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody, Ariel and Prince Ericin's daughter are born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (mostly Ursula, seems green, and Ally Macbeal is in the diet of hunger) declares the sufferings of the characters after trying to make a newborn baby and fail. After this examination, Ariel continues to be his father and refuses to speak to Melody about his merchant's legacy, and then forbids him to approach the sea. Surprise is a surprise. Melody finds and flies as a stubborn brat, and then contracts with Morgana to become a mermaid for something. (Gee acquaintances?) He will become one, but in the middle of the market you need to buy his grandadaddy Trident and bring back the sea witch. WHEN you do this, he runs a few savvy pets, a penguin, and Timon and a pumb named Pumb - huh? wait ... no! Timon and Pumbaa! Or you could cheat me. Anyway, I would like to explain more, but there is something that can be predicted. OK ... so long life. This movie is "borrowing" more than any other (better) Disney movie ... and it is doing it in an extreme way. Come on ... Tip and Stone? Why not just make Dash a mixed way and it's even more irritating! Ugh. Ariel's personality is not a common butchery. She went to a clone of her father, being a free and proud woman. They are still not good ... They tell us that the sweet, sweet mermaid, which we know to grow up and love, is dead. The melody itself is not such a great character anymore ... it saves the soul! And bratty! Do not tell your spouse what they have done. Ugh ... Anyway, it's probably Disney or another television station when it comes to seeing this part of Eisner sponsored, mostly for-profit reasons, no imagination. Because it is not worth even a rental price. <br /> ***** stars.
