I suppose, Temple has written mainly for Matthews, though there are several changes, it just gets worse. SPOILERS: Very similar to the original. Melody is threatened by Ariel's new daughter, Ursula's sister Morgana. Morgana runs away, but keeps promise of removing Melody. Ursula's sister? And like Ursula, he is not a great villain. There is this similarity. Medoli is kept in the sea until Morgana is captured, but she does not know anything about it because she happened to be a baby. The wall covers the palace to protect it and escape from morgana. She is going to talk in the afternoon under the sofa, swimming and chat with Sebastian, not as funny or entertaining as the original. He finds a sea stone by his name and runs away from home, looking for answers and finding Morgana. Here's the similarity; Morgana was happy to leave the melody and leave it as a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton look at him. To keep the mermaid, you need to steal Triton Trident. So Melody does not know that King is Triton's father. He is a penguin and has a complex friendship and is where he is terrified. Penguins living with them on a frozen ocean are hated because they are cowards. So they try to prove that they are heroes. This is not suitable for the little mermaid. And listen to the dialogue during conversations between the penguins and these two characters. Why do you know? Because there was a great first story. This is not one and magic. <br /> <br /> The article finds them and helps them to reach the Atlantic to prove themselves. Ariel finds Melody with Morgana when she receives Trident. Her mother is angry to catch her from the sea, she gives a trident for Morgana, and then she shows her true colors after she grabs it. The violent Ariel and Melody are in his sight. The penguin and the complicated Morgan's shark begin to prove themselves. I'm sorry that I did not remember him earlier. Finally they prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his troops have come but have to bend in front of Morgana with the power of Trident. The melody gets her, throws her into Triton and pushes Morgana (as if). Then Ariel apologizes for Melody and thinks he's all his fault. It was not! Ariel did the right thing to preserve the melody, but they say so. Triton offers Melody to live in the sea or in the land. In fact there is a "better idea". He uses trident to evaporate the wall that people and mer-folk can be together. Then everyone sings a horrible song. <br /> <br /> Whoever sees it and looks like it does not look genuine. I do not like it because I'm a teenager. When I was very little I liked it. As I grew older, I began to see what was wrong about this movie. young and young children will be pleased with it, but they forget it when they are in primary school. Normally, I believed that I was judging a movie very well, and it was better than I remember when watching it, but that's not it. Even worse. The story is no exception. If you think it's okay to read this story and read other bad points by reading that story is good, you know the story right now. I'm sorry to see you down for it, but I was forced to look at some bad things. One of the worst things is animation. Color is terrible. The original color was beautiful. Watching it wanted me to go to the black box. Even illustrations and landscape design were not good. <br /> <br /> The work was beautiful, magic coloring and beautiful underwater landscape design and land. <br /> <br /> Music is desperate. Compared to the first, here's the music. Songs are not well designed and Tara Strong, which Melody reads (I think of her name). He was sometimes too loud or not tracked for the song's melody. In short, there is plenty to have "Melody" name. And music is not beautiful or immaculate. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it, and it is really worth it. <br /> <br /> <strong> I did not like the sound of the voices. First, several people performing the same thing did the same thing. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but he is already old, no sin for him, his voices are very deep and not very beautiful. And I was really surprised at the ones who were the first to become part of this and its others. If I were selected for this movie, I would say that it's a bad movie when I read the script. The characters are now different. Ariel is now more intelligent, but annoying. He overdided his character by cultivating them. If you do not have a special reason, you do not intend to change the characters. The first one was sixteen years old. It has little chance of changing. The person you are staying in the rest of your life is at this stage. Scenarios should think about it. <br /> Yes, that's why it's for me. I hope my opinion is useful because I am sure that many will agree with my point of view.
