This movie wants to shoot me every time I see it. If you take the first movie and get the land (if she wants to leave the ariel sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters, give them new animals and new names, and then get a malicious animation and a great suck factor, you get the little mermaid 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with a recovery area. I'll go with you in a step-by-step fear. They are from the first film: First, Prince Eric is still a miserable mischievous 3-line film. Ariel is a frustrating, frustrating and caring soul that we see in the first year. In fact, it's the opposite. Sebastian is still not neat, less sweet, less believable, and the collisions are no longer funny. Flounder is about 2 lines. Now she has a child and she speaks to the silent nose. Scuttle is still not only mute goat, it's funny. King Triton's character is probably the best, and he still keeps the rhythm of fear and love for his daughter. Ariel and Prince Eric will not give anything about her daughter. <br /> <br /> I said that all the films they use make use of the characters from the first movie and copy them. Ursula - Morgana, the sister of Ursula, who feels like the new evil tyrant, who lives in the shadow of Ursula. If I went to my attempt with a knife, I would not have been afraid of him. He can not do anything and he is a failure as a villain. The same sound did. Sebastian & Flounder - Probably the most stupid sidekicks, Tip & Dash, have been replaced by a compound and penguin. They try to be heroes, but they always fail when they are working. The plot was very predictable. In the end, they become heroes. Yawn. Flatson & Jetsom - Now it's replaced by a tiny shark of about 10x by the triton. It's really bad. Morgana and shark (sharkbait, I think it was his name) no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our favorite mermaid replaced by his un-favorite girl, melody. If you do not read a melody, your voice should be over 2 octaves and you want to flip your face too, because the shes is so fake sweet juice. She wants to go to the sea, she is calm and the children have fun with her and find her. <br /> <br /> While watching this movie you will be thrown out for how bad you are, regardless of how awful and unoriginal the movie is. Some parts of the film demand that Disney call it and why such a terrific film continues to such a beautiful original. <br /> <br /> Generally, a small mermaid is compared to a small mermaid of less than 2. It's like comparing Edvard with Casablanca. Never try to see this, even yours.
