Very bad but watchable science fiction film, wildly special effects, a film that runs out of a bad and foolish story. The film opens with a spaceship on the Mars exploring a woman and a man with a green bone on her arm. He has begun to explain what happened in this strange journey, even though almost all the tapes were wiped out with magnets through controversy in some hockey contests. Four astronauts are attending this trip: Gerald Mohr is a military type of "hell" by Humphrey Bogart, a poor man, and has a codfish player activity, then Naura Hayden, a beautiful red and only female crew. In addition, Les Tremaine a nice character from fantastic characters such as soft egg, and the last one, with Jack Kruschen, Sammy, participating in the flight with three men with the most suit suits. Brooklyn has jokes and has been selected for the electronics industry, but it does not look very bright. None of these performers are really good, and all of them say with little love. Listen to Tremaine for that scientific nonsense! Indeed, the best of four is Kruschen and really says a lot about this movie. But the film that runs out of the bad is different when it comes to landing with Mars. The angry Red Planet actually had a cheap budget because Mars really looks at the Southwest with a heavy red tone. When the story calls Martian something that can be seen, they have heavy red paintings. We can say that they are drawing. Monsters are probably worse, as some children get a Bat-rat-spider that has a size of more than 40 feet, which looks like combining dead animals. Another important creature is a giant amoeba with a swinging eye. I dont know! These are bad. The city of Martian has a beautiful painting, but it was not enough in the film. Despite all these big problems, Angry Red Planet is a fun movie. It's really interesting to see how much we come as a culture. The many things they use in the film are outdated. A guy uses an electric razor with a cord and I thought I could come to Mars, but they still use the cords. Director Ib Melchior, along with budget constraints, gives an interesting look to most parts of the film, but his story and Sid Pink's story do not fly. And how to bout the music and end with psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
