A spaceship from Mars is returned; a few months ago, a 4-person expedition was sent to the red planet. Most of the picture is a look at what you spend there. The picture was filled with believing, melodramatic dialogue, which is characteristic of the many fantastic efforts of the 50s and the sixties. For example, note how the commander of the ship (Mohr) tells another member of staff how to stay there for a 'no reason'; There may be problems when moving to another location inside the ship. Then, the commander ordered two of the ship's commander to remain on the boat and the other to go abroad. Two men who are not indictment say "no way" and follow; From this point of view there was no great hope for the success of the expedition. There's plenty to say about a "ice break" and an ice cream-ray gun called Cleo (short for Kleopatra). <br /> <br /> If the government is not dragged, at least it would be pretty funny and unwelcome. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow temp for everything; When looking at the window portals of the ship (from red to blue), astronauts interpret as much of what they see, they actually spend as much time as they are beyond intelligence. The view of the martial arts in the movie Cinemagic is similar to the animation clips or drawings shot through an orange red filter, usually to interact with actors. process. But I do not think anyone foolish since the age of 10. A clever word I saw was that the memories of the rescuing astronaut would be mixed with inequality, since he would explain the unusual nature of March vista. Oh, okay ... <br /> <br /> When I started exploring, some of the astronauts made me happy; The right bat, they kill a plant in a weapon, freeze it, just test for hell. Then she hackes with a machete when she thinks she is a tree, but it turns out to be the foot of a spider wolf. Fine, Ms.. See next time. The "intelligence" on Mars is amazed and is not surprising that a giant amoeba, one of the low-power forms, attacked the explorers. Acting is not very impressive. Especially Mohr, by saying a line, had a very irritating method, and then suddenly entered into a great spell that excited me - it reminded me! Beyond Terrestrial Space. The end is quite anti-climactic; I do not expect great disclosure beyond the "expedition" with Cleo's ice cream gun.
