When I was planning to start this movie by saying "This movie reminded BILLY ELLIOT", I made a fool, but then there is Mr. Hall, who said that the script writer Lee Hall was rubbish to find out that he was the only person writing BILLY ELLIOT. <br /> <br /> Do not you get him a bit offended? Because Lee has many other talented screenwriters who are not from England. Because he has a foot on the door, has written a successful English movie that was previously awarded and earned money, and then what does he do? He likes the audience more. <br /> <br /> Young Jimmy Spud lives in some kitchen zinc property. He is raped in school and nobody likes it. The only thing to keep it is that she wants to be a ballet dancer. He does not really want to be an angel, but given his home, he can be a ballet dancer. Ballet dancers have one of his father's dreams, when his dad says, "ballet dancers are a bunch of poetry." "Ballet dancers are just as challenging as I can see at the Bolshoi Ballet ... Yup Balet is a starting point in the British Council depository lately - AGAIN, do not think it's the only policy that seems to be the only protection of the middle class <br /> < br /> One of the first major criticisms is that it is a movie that has no clue what it wants to apply. criticized the 4 channels for broadcasting films completely inappropriate (for example, at 6 o'clock in the morning), but they showed this figure at 2 o'clock and once they found it. Story politics, ballet dances (Gawd Lung Cancer and poverty could be considered suitable for a family audience, but the main protagonist was a 11 year old child, and angels and ballet dancers (I was not to blame if I seemed to be discreet with the subject) - t there is not much for a clever adult audience here. Of course, I would apologize after the stories by saying that Lee Hall producers should write a story with a writer and an angel and they want to write, but after some part of the movie, BILLY ELLIOT's favorite will be sold to the audience I'll get the feeling
