In a version of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma enters what might be called an unidentified area for blockbuster's new form. Thakur went south. The police inspector, who was killed by his family like Narsimha, wants revenge in Madonna style. The accents are totally South India, unlike Thakur in the north. Cutting Thakur's hands by Gabbar also faded into the Aag. Thus, it reduces costs because it does not make any effort to hide the hands, instead it covers only long-stroke aborted fingers. Moreso, who uses Thakur's legs and says "Tere Liye only paer hi kaafi hai," here uses the Narsimha finger knives to shoot the gun and kill the murderer. Babban is different in the new avar gabbar. He is not from Bihar or from the Upper. It's Bambaia. The low laughter of the dome is now in two parts and is more unhappy. Babban Holi asks Diwali and Urmila instead of replacing the Romans in Helen Mehbooba. Dances and dances with Abhishe playing Jalal Agha in Mehbooba. At this time your dad is smarter. He wears his mouth and Isaac asks Newton to discover the law of departure. Basanti is much more than the Automatic driver's Ghungroo. Nisha Kothari can not play the car driver and leaves her homosexual, appearing very artificially using words such as "entertaining" and "many". Viru has fun and Ajay Devgun is a mistake for the role. God is painful for the Basanti event and the shooting lessons and the Koi Haseena song and the water tank sequences. The water reservoir is turned into a well and the drunken Devga gets worse, as the audience wants to commit suicide. Jai was drawn and serious. Prashant Raj is better than others because we do not expect anything from him. But similar to the Mausi sequence. It's not as romantic as Jai in the mouth. Jaya's role in Sushmita's career changes. Family housewives become physicians this time and enter full-time social service after their husband is killed. He is also suffering from Jaya's pain. The connection with Jai is more open this time. Samba has a great role this time as Tambe. It is not necessary to pay attention to the weapons and to answer Gabbar's questions at this time. He is watching Baba everywhere and more visibly at the edge of the sea. Horses give way to jeeps and cars. Here, the place where Qabbers took refuge, becomes Ramgarh Kaliganj. All this is more than anything else. RGV comes with its classic commentary. However, after three decades, we remember so well that our minds do not accept stylized versions and change the dialogues. That's why we call it a blow. So, Mr. RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Search (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) are starting to make original remixes.
