Digital Varma Ki Aag can not be content with enough words to describe the horror of the filmmaker's experiences in the cinema watching this classic Bollywood West, the semi-cheerful attempt to honor Sholay. The biggest challenge Varma has ever had is not even trying to shoot an incredible movie. Varma's heart is not alone in every part of this film. The worst joke you see on the screen is part of the filmmaker, and it's painful to see how little he looks at a movie claiming to be an admirer of all his life. Over the years, I've seen a few bad movies, but I do not recall that it was like torture to sit down. Make the whole movie a lot of courage to live because it tests your patience as a few films. Varma can afford the world and its symbols from its original film, but its version is tall and inward, and any soul and energy of Strawberry. Ramgopal Varma The Aag is in fact a mockery of this timeless gem, because in fact, the true film - is very-very-very-long-very-boring and totally stupid - everything appears to be. The most favorite moments from Sholay are parody by Varma and they want to break their neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, Dehmarendrani Veeru, who falls into water and jumped to death, was filmed by Ajay Devkan and Hero, pulling a pistol in his head with the threat of hitting him. Whatever you want, he took the trigger and saved us from all the suffering. Only Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is a very bad act as a film alone, although Sholay's failure to reconstruct. The sequence calculation that damages the eardrum is most susceptible to shingles in the kitchen, and the camera work varies dramatically between the head and yarn. To make this ridiculous film, the partners in this horrible crime are mostly dead trees. Sushmita Şen, taking the role and the film as widow, takes the camera seriously by stopping her line and looks at her life as a whole. Like Narsimha, Mohanlal seems embarrassed to struggle with his Indian dialogue and deliver some foolish lines in his famous career. The emerging Prashant Raj could not break the breakthrough intensity of the Jai's equivalent of Raj's playing and none of Amitabh Bachchan's portraits of the original film. Hero, a new age Veeru, Ajay Devgan, is totally desperate, with harsh tricks in his comedy attempts. But the weakest link in the film, the most shocking casting decision, is Nisha Kothari, Ghunghroo, who has stepped footwear from Hima Malini's Ayato'dan Sholay's cool airline Basanti. Nicholas Cotari is not the worst actress in the country, perhaps the worst actress in all of this vast world, promises a completely new meaning, and he always wants to break your knowledge on the screen. And then, Amitabh Bachchan is Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma Indian film's most popular guy Gabbar Singh version. In this ensemble, the only actor Bachchan, who recognizes the highest tone of the film and plays it accordingly, is a scary-to-eye treatment. He was a heroic, sneers and hisses and hams, a comic book to be a villain and for all that good effect. But because such a prisoner is in a hurry at the enterprise, his performance does not really help raise the film in any way. Here, surprises, I'm going to zero for ten Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag and two fingers. you will not even follow one of the enemy's experiences with this painful film. It's not like Varma has worked on a remake before. Sarkar led us to a clever, gloomy Godfather and praised this Sholay statement from a very fond of classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is not the worst career decision ever made, it's a dark place for himself, he'll be embarrassed forever. I doubt that this film will disappear in the history of film like Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
