The "Anna" drama, which is largely based, shows that the age of all actors, and sometimes the disappearance. Anna is not a character that America believes its security network, its home, and that she can make no mistake? but he refuses to diminish himself of what he does not believe. When it comes to life, it's tough, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant, but is not afraid to give to others, but it leaves them at a time, without notice. Anna's personalities are flip-flops, this film is an ideal star, but not the viewer watching. Anna star, Sally Kirkland, praised her ability to get "grungy" for her role but was not part of the Anna movie culture in 2008. <br /> <br /> The author Yurak Boqaevicin "Anna" in the political and social aspects of Czechoslovakia's secret message about the lies, but it does not leave them in Kirkland. Bogayevicz, wooden frames that allow you to use Kirklandın promote afraid, and he is not afraid to reduce the surrounding characters, so when the film uzaqlasdıgınız remember Kirkland. If not, this movie did not fit well with me. From the opening of the first actor and the depth of the second, Anna felt the production of the secondary school theater. Heroes were non-existent, there was no enlightenment pre-story and did not define the time and place. Sally Kirkland, stubbornly said, is better than any other actress who compete for the same lifestyle. Casual, he builds a friendship where he meets a friend, young girl who travels a long distance to go to America for glitz and glamor and can break down all the walls in two (within 20 minutes). Emotionally boring and incredible. Still, we get acquainted with Anna's boyfriend Daniel (played by weak Robert Fields), who does not bring anything to the table in terms of praise and character? just to raise Kirkland's attention to Anna. Təxminən iki saat müddətində, biz adi olmayan simvolları bir-birinə birləşdirən daha çox təsadüfi əməllər kimi, əziyyətlə boş iş parçaları ilə birlikdə saxlanılan bir hekayə yaratmaq kimi baxırıq? and SALYY KIRKLAND. Arg, it would be painful for me to continue these words, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie; Bogayevicz, Anna, Daniel, and Krystina offered equal time, but we were forced to play a one-sided sounded more emotional scenes <br /> <br /> Charlize Theron, "Monster" role in the beauty or the "beast Ball," Halle Berry Is it the place for inspiration? Sally Kirkland discovered that one of the earliest actresses would shine on Oscar's direction, allowing them to go one character? Throughout this movie, I was unhappy with the description of Kirkland's Anna and Bogaevich did not have any excitement for anything else. Bokaevich does not give us much work for his parts, does not care for others, and gives an inspiring anna. But should we be sympathetic to her? At the start of the film, he makes it difficult for anyone to do what he wants to do, and he does not even take it. Of course, older actresses appeal to me, but Kirkland is a juvenile person. Here the development of "Anna" is possible. If it were an adult Kirkland, I would strengthen it, but this sad child Anna could not believe. Anna is going to look at one of my favorite scenes Annanın old films (including the delicate nature of the characters), and the film yandırılırsa, this scene is one of my least sevdiyimlərdən. Anna made an extraordinary life for her, created a movie and dreams, but everyone is jealous and angry when trying to enter this spot. It did not cause a character I wanted to stand behind and win the Oscars. The classic 80s combined with the background synthesizer, the ugly top wardrobe and the substitute finish (what did it come from and what happened)? "Anna" drove away from the incredible cinema. It was a show-piece, an opportunity for an old star to shake the world once more. Anna is not a movie about an old film star; About Sally Kirkland and Sally Kirkland only. Bogayevicz is trying to do more with the story, but he does understand that Kirkland is not enough to allow him or to support a full story. This movie has one or two decent scenes, but there is nothing to propagate this movie in an innovative or reputable way. Bogayevicz did not show that viewers were convinced, torn, or did not make a Sunday afternoon? created a challenge. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who slept a little and slept on the one hand. Perhaps I have released this movie, but it is the collaboration of everyone involved in the film. There was no such situation here. In Anna, Kirkland did not do Daniel as a dog (probably a symbolic act), and still on the whole emotional scene, I could not help, but I think Kirkland is similar to those on the set. The film did not turn it into a movie, turned it into its production, and for that reason, "Anna" failed. Can not I offer this to anyone? from one Czech to another? skip it! <br /> <br /> Level: ******* * ½ out (for the pesky theater scene that made me excited)
