"The Hazing" is always one of the movies you just wanted to see based on the cover image depicting here just about IMDb. Yes, that's how I stood up for it! If I'm telling a movie about ten million people, I do not believe that the poster looks awesome, so why should I see it? Now, "The Hazing" can be described as a little alternative title: interesting! The poster and hood sound as a real horror film on the campus and engage in bad start-ups, but this is actually a merger of more comedies and thrillers. Above all, there is something very bad about the old VHS box tagline I've followed. She says: Had good grades, good daughters, and good friends? Hero Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by a popular campus through an athletic scholarship. Only she gets more than half the movie before just hearing her back on her girlfriend, and only the very nerdy Charles Martin Smith (still in this movie hairstyles) in Buddy, Delets approached to become a member of his brotherhood, Barney goes out of a cliff and breaks his legs ... When Lewis returns with other frat boys, Barney has frozen to death, thinking that they will be frozen for five days and then never claim. Barney's body, Lewis, hidden in the cafeteria in the cafeteria, Barney's lack of doubt, is because the creation of The Hazing is quite original and potentially novelty, but pro-blem here makes the execution very easily. The sound is very funny and very serious for a very funny movie, even for a black thing; on the other hand, there is no attempt to create no excitement and excitement. Soundtrack is full of entertaining and light-hearted melodies, but it is not nearly enough to make the movie a comedy. About an hour later, the film goes out of steam and thought, and producers have no better options to fill the gap with the romantic compilation of Lewis and his girlfriend in the city with bicycle driving. I did not like the last twist, because it's completely complicated and admittedly after many times in advance and then. "The Hazing" is not a full time, but I'm glad you found an old rental tape in a friend's house instead of asking for money on a recently released DVD.
