The Prom Night is shot with someone who has an artistic eye, while preparing a beautiful, original film for a lifetime. You know. This October leaves the courageous tale of a surviving woman to tell a terrifying tale of a woman followed by an old lover of a lifetime. This is not dramatic? is that good? it's pretty boring. There is nothing more to genre, explain an original story, or try to innovate. Prom Night shares this situation. While watching the pitfalls of their killer, we sit quietly, and sit in a place where they fall into a blood drop. It came to me that I was the purest murderer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director works with a well-off killer, so he has to kick it up for the camera's opening. Think of Matthew McConaughey's coming to you with a knife. Are you probably going? "A good man, he intends to kill me?" Naaaa. Not a scared one second, the director throws Schaech into the shadows and mirror on his shoulder. This mirror shot is replicated to the point of illness because it is practically a fetish of the creator. In this movie, I jumped in my history (I can say that I'm afraid of everything), you will be afraid of jumping in this movie. <br /> <br /> I decided to take half a year to film and threatened to leave me at some point. <br /> It looks like cutting off pieces, unless this movie is allocated quite well. I say that the sculpture looks like the main points on the ground, because the crew has been whipped to save some of the images of a fears movie; As the movie goes out of the stage, I say you often get a jump leap. A film is something you expect when you fire and that the projection ends in one another, passes your fingers, and hopes for the best. <br /> <br /> With two conspiracies, a rule-spark, emo killer and, most likely, the tone of the "Silver Spoon" episode, left no reason to support the horror of the weekend? at least on the big screen. In fact, this is a film that should be punished. Is it really difficult to shoot a scary movie? Do you know that this crew is making a horror movie? My time and your complete loss. I finished the bullet for this review. Do not put my sacrifice in vain. DO NOT ENTER THE FILM!
