A plastic white mask and a killer coil kill his friends from the Hollywood producer, Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his former employer from his mouth to the chest. Perhaps the psychopath put on a new Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an exciting family, full of ghosts, past, charming, dark-haired. Shawn and his friends play a joke about Maddy, so that each member has chosen the victim to accidentally kill. Maddy sees that when a woman is angry to kill a woman in a garage because of a welding stuffed car, she seizes Saul's pulse chain. But Shawn and his comrades are concerned about Maddy's assassination and seek to turn him into the appropriate authorities. When it comes to waiting for a true decision, each member of the Property betrays white masked psychic, and takes into account the fact that he was killed before a suspect. Or who is behind these crimes? The harsh budget slasher, executor of Charles Bend, has committed suicide in an assassination attempt. Many jackets and the smile character of Allen Nabors Chris can entertain little ones. A stomach, a neck sliced, a female victim who flies all day, flushes an electric cord thrown into a small pool that is buried behind a victim, and drowns with a rope during several sexual peaks (.. for an additional effect, the killer, uses a weld key's opening bar as an extra arm to tighten as far as possible to whistle her neck.) The reason why Maddy's murder did not kill was that there was enough scheme to drive a truck like that of a murderer (his bloodshed), so that easily touching him at the crime scene and how he could go for such a long time, he was willing to join the club, claiming he had continued to work in the company and claiming he did not give up on a constant request. <br /> <br /> The most disturbed movie was the desire to meet with the heroine of this woman who wanted to join a club after being murdered after the murder of one of them. The film builds Maddy as a potential psychic for the past. His family refused to abort. They have blackouts and always fit in scenes of conspiracies after the bill. Most slashers appear to be the most likely killer, often a red sweater, but this movie comes with a finger on Maddy. When bending occurs, we miss out on rooting for Maddy, but we know it's not right at first. This chick is a difficult one to sell. But a man can look great on the Army shirt. And Rochon is also not afraid her son can breathe. An admirer of low budget horror, as a religious fanatic mother who propagates against Maddy's deceit, will take a blow to see the baby as a beloved Brinke Stevens, a lover of the Troma-maker Lloyd Kaufman, who can not get to the edge of the word, to protect the girl who is really kind intelligent. Cult siren Julie Strain, of course, has a small community of heroes, like the opening of a male murdered by a hammer from her head. Oh, and look at Shawn's office, you'll notice that many Full Moon posters on the walls and the artwork are spreading.
