What a full garbage piece. As the film moves around airplanes, you think that writers / producers / directors (or anyone) will do some homework as part of the details. The mistakes made it so fascinating to me that it was fuming until the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I am happy to miss the SR-71 series - it's clear that I'm worse than the Air Force One F-117. Trading airlines typically paint logos on BOEING 747 aircraft? It is likely that some Boeing advertising / promotion images (cheap) are used by the director. Adaptive cables with wire nuts are the best tool for building at least $ 1 million air craft cables. Airplanes like 747 are not only oxygen-shipped to save the breathable air, but only on pressure, and if they are secured in a baggage, the canister is larger than the size of the fist. Medical tape gear is not a replacement for a hose connection. F-16s, not F-15s. Mach 1+ (sound speed) would be difficult to reach a moving static engine for the flight (watch the air speed indicator). "Standard Formation" is just beginning to form within a marine shaft, and the "route" formation is blunted - not the most useful form of cutting. "Unlocking the missile lock" will not be able to get the attention of the airline pilot - they have no radar detection or precautionary measures. "Wait for my signal" is not inter-flight communication to prepare a shooting thing. Depressurization is not the key to the left left lane immediately after opening the door. Connecting to a headset does not transmit it. Magnetic heads are not like "bearings", but headers range from 001 to 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like compasses on the ground!), So moving from "618 to 502" is not just a fool ("port" but a boat) . In many cases, it is not possible to "turn pale left until you reach the right head"? something like that would result in 360 degree rolls because the yoke is centered again. The likelihood of an immediate finding and successfully performing an autopilot is a bit higher than the likelihood of a safe launch. Airplanes do not stop immediately when they are pulled back, and 747s have multiple small arms to handle multiple engine engines. The doors are usually lowered before and after the descent device straight away (the best way to crash). Tire brakes are required to stop the aircraft, simply allowing the runway to run faster at a slower pace to drive the gas (a different arm in the film). Did you mention that these fighter jets are F-16 and F-15s? I said? And I remember this lately watching this horrible movie.
