The film is weak in religion, so it is impossible to distinguish it from religion in its interpretation. In my opinion, this film tries to explore deeper issues but develops on stereotypes and prejudices; with little truth. It was a grace that people in the film (and therefore the author) did not see. They did not realize that God was the author of beauty, and he created passion and sexual pleasure in the proper context of marriage bonds. People of a story-based society believe that nudity is guilty and that only men and women who use the mood of marriage believe that it is ugly, just a humble person. Such stereotypes are not really available, because even in Jewish scriptures, a caregiver speaks of his wife's consent. The Bible says that a man should love his wife as his own body, and no one hates his own body, but he nourishes and fills it. Even if you do not see the New Testament, writers and characters, as in the Old Testament, is the Lord of the Wisdom and in the Book of Wisdom, say, "Love the spouse of your youth, His heart be always with you!" How can it be that God knows and approves and does not read it in a way other than the pleasure and taste of smiling? Real people do not see the value and needs of their wives. Those who deny the very basic teaching of Jewish / Christian religion. God has never said these words. This is absurd. Sonia rebelled against the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It did not need to. How sad! Sonia is not the tradition that needs it, but the truth. We love others more than knowing, loving, and obedient to God; before us The God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph. once delivered to the saints; Jesus Christ was bought and paid by the righteous. But do not look at all these things, give up the old and holy scriptures, and seek the wisdom of the homeless and the spirits. This is a good plan. I will never recommend this movie; partly because sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, and does not really give a truly valuable idea. If you would like to see a more beneficial treatment of Jewish tradition in comparison to society, see Yentl.
