I was scared of this documentary. I am ashamed to be deeply ashamed of Puertoricans. This documentary is about Puertoricans culture. It was about the culture of the Nouvans. Puertoricans and Noyicians are two different cultures. It should not be generalized to very different cultures and population of Puerto Rican. Rosie, before making a documentary, you must do research. Also, make sure the resources are valid and make sure. Puerto Ricans are all loud and they have a classroom that is needed to show something in the documentary. I was very excited to watch at Rosie and Jimmie-i Martha Stewart at View and Rosie. I really enjoyed Puerto Rico, so I was convinced that my parents would be there. In the first five minutes, I did not believe how the documentary was buried in the United States and that Puerto Rican people resembled a rough pig. You need to go and visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is the third-largest country in the world where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico Colleges and famous universities, roads, cars, shopping malls, centers (I've seen the largest Kmart and JCPenney's), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), Casinos, Auto Expresso and several names can be named. Poverty? Not 50% of the population. Puerto Rican culture tries to celebrate family, music, food, and move backward. Oh, and newcomers just do not go out of place. No, this is not a Puerto Rican thing, but a ghetto thing. We're not bastards. Parenting Puertorican parents who want to teach their children about Puerto Rico should travel with their family because they can see the first hand of anything about Puerto Rico. They will see his beauty, his people, and his culture. Please do not show this documentary, because it will bring their minds to a disadvantage. <br /> <br /> Yes, do not tell my American friends to look at this documentary, because it will only appear to the people of Puerta'el to be ignorant. <br /> Yes, I was born and raised from the island to Puerto Rico. You know!
