Was this a comedy or a drama? I'm starting this quest by asking this question, because I just watched the movie, Hollywood Shuffle, neither funny nor dramatic. Although it is very difficult to come to a point, this lack of definition (comedy or drama), intelligent themes and column words lost. Even though I do not believe that there are many race profiles in Hollywood, Townsend's debut debut has done much to stop it. Instead, I just add more fuel to the fire. In this movie, Townsend's comic episode was catastrophic, because it would encourage entertainment instead and instead. The parts that meant seriousness were not the comic comedy's deficiency. Townsend had a decent concept with this movie, but, unfortunately, the executive endangered this movie. If you watch my preview before the movie (I'm constantly doing it) you will get the wrong impression that you will see it immediately. The preview gives the impression of a very clever, funny movie that is proud of the viewer's intelligence, but the real movie could not be more than the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the Hollywood Shuffle is the story itself (because it's incomplete in its preparation); this is Townsendin direction. This movie had a nice concept. Use Hollywood to exploit our race. It is a good idea, but why could not he do it very well? The first reason is that his ideas are very casual and specific. The structure of this film was like a heart attack on a monitor in the hospital, and we're not everywhere anywhere without any warnings and maps. Townsendin was an event he wanted to say, but there was plenty of time to satisfy that. Instead, instead of defining her characters, developing her subject, and actually creating a clever movie, she prays her all together and prays that she works. Unfortunately, this is not. Instead of a clever comedy, this movie has a hodgepodge of ideas, comedy sketches and unreasonable actors, which can not properly fade away. Townsend's most treacherous movie, short, funny, cuts throughout the movie. While struggling with a poor person familiar with Siskel & Ebert's parody like Jerry Curl, Townsend tried to have fun talking about a movie about the film industry. The reason for this is that these small interval skits really draw attention to the center of the film and are actually destroyed internally. Although Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, in fact, it simply joins every stereotype and cliché in the book. <br /> <br /> So, if you do not laugh at the humor of this story, perhaps there is some comfort to know. some Wayan brothers help this dark story with spices. Lying! The Wayans is in this movie, but shows that Townsend can even bring even the worst in this entertaining family. Always in the foreground of their Live Color, we see that comedy is something that is constantly needed to develop. Perhaps it was Townsend's direction or maybe this strange story, but this typical comedian comedian was not explicitly used and overlooked when it came to critics of this movie. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend wanted to get out of Hollywood, this would be a fun, bright and real knife with the obvious Hollywood dip. Unfortunately, none of the above mentioned things happened. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this is a hot movie. There were a few moments in my face that gave me a smile (though very few and too far), my last product was not in good condition with me. Townsend might be laughable, but in this film he only played against himself with his own personal experiences and challenges. I know he was speaking in truth, but that is not the case. Instead, we are a weak story supporting self-supporting flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom, but undoubtedly did not work for this movie. I must agree that even this is a directorial debut and that anyone who commented on this movie. If you started fresh, either a tight script or topics were defined. <br /> <br /> <BR> <BR> <STRONG> It reminded me of the spelling school, and finally it was time for your child to write. It's hard to say, but when you get the first two or three letters, you think it works well, but then there is a random "P" and a silent "R" that forces you to lower your alarm. I also felt with the Hollywood Shuffle. First, I saw the potential, I saw the basis and the reason for the picture, but after blurry and inexperienced technique and the first scenes, I had a deep feeling. Townsend sank this ship and I do not think Hollywood Shuffle will be re-settled as a key moment in the Hollywood cinema. Rank: *****
