Yesterday I saw the second part. And it should be said that this was really the first one. In the beginning I realized that this is really a result, not a repetition, but a good thing. I did not like old movies and the Galactica series because cylons seemed like toasters (as mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless to the old galaxy. This film turns the parties - People were harmless, but the whole movie was completely chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example, the story of a "computer expert" - totally clever. If I were a script writer, I'd kill her at home because she was killed by a cylon woman. And evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if they bomb 50 Megatons (why exactly 50 MT), they were killed by radiation. What kind of cylon fleet can be completely hidden before the attack? Aha, probably, was this computer virus created by Cylon - the script was probably written by a ten year old school boy. The good part of the film is that people are finally defeated! In fact, the defeat of the population is coming to an end (children are dying - twice in the film: 1. a baby, a month old, a girl ten years - what violence ...). And won the bad donkeys, and I think for the first time in this movie to fight fantasy galaxy. I also appreciate the design of cylinders with these ships (not just humanoid cylon :-), but I like the design of ships as well as people - cylons. Human ships are not the best versions of the old. And the galaxy - it's really nice with the dock, I liked it. But that's all, just design is not enough. The player was really bad, it was possible to wait all the surface (not just two things - ragnardocks and human cylon at the end of the human cylinder) .The works were dialysis (and dabbing in Slovak is just stupid, but this is not a mistake of the film). All the movies resemble a pilot movie for a series of people, but who is this shake? What would it be? A star for the second design for the disappearance of humanity.
