How Al Pacino plays in this movie goes beyond me. This movie is absolutely terrible. After reading some of the other research, some people really enjoyed watching this movie, so they discovered that I do not see how anyone in their right mind can not use a terrible film like Revolution. It's just a mistake, it's a very ugly place and a very unpleasant strangeness, but if filmmakers seem to be mentally blocked (this is a very clear explanation for why the film is so breathable), it's likely that it's relative to other teenage films even sucks still) or deliberately deliberately disputed every unwitting decision to suit this movie as much as possible. For example, on the face of Donald Sutherland, we see a big, fat ominous owl. It usually does not have a single property. The break does not add to his character. Very ugly and uncomfortable. It's not like Robert De Niro's; worse. Why did hell possess it? The filmmakers only said, "Let's see if this film is worse than this, and I know that Mr Sutherland's giant, ugly donkeys are on his face." <br /> <br /> An example of the folly of the filmmakers is Ned. For the first quarter of the film we see young Ned. At some point, "six months later" appears on the screen. Of course, we see Ned again, the same guy plays. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen and at one point we have a different player who is already playing Ned. What do you think they were? Good God! Still, film artists say, "How can I make it even worse?" I think ... Oh wait! I know a child has not grown for more than half a year, but it is good, but it grows at least in three weeks. Just do not take another player to play Ned or play for five minutes at least three weeks younger. In addition, the "old" Ned playing child is "older" than older. In fact, it looks completely different, is very polished and, as I think, is a new and distinctive character, as if it were no senseless person. <br /> <br /> Will the first child die when filming? For about the first half hour, then suddenly, three weeks later, the Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrel play Ned in the last five minutes of the movie. Despite the death of the original actor, filmmakers have at least got an actor who seems to play the rest of his role and should repeat the five-month shooting of the "six months" scenes. Better to break the film, never finish and never release it, never tell anyone, because at this point the film sucks and understands that they spend more time and money and succeed. <br /> <br /> If you do not want to say how bad this movie is, you can not watch it. To see how bad it is, it's as bad as it should be. Terrible, terrible.
