As he is brilliant actor, Al Pacino runs completely out of the Revolution? His approach to action is not entirely in line with the role of an illiterate crawler in the American Independence War. Most of the sin should be directed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, a few years ago, a few years ago, to talk about a man called Chariots Fire). One of the directors' workplace is to unite actors and provide them with convincing performances, but Hudson has allowed Pacinho to make amoka without any restrictions. <br /> <br /> After the conversation, US Secretary of State Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north. - With Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher), an American foreigner. Is it a simple life? moving away from the soil, bringing up a child, living against elements. The country is lorded by the English colonies, but during eight years (1775-83), a period of defeat of the English people and the emergence of an independent American nation occurs. What happened when Dobb boat and son were called by the Continental Army? Dobbs fights for each other with a bloody engagement for their lives and freedom. Tom is in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman of English aristocratic fathers. Their forbidden love is against the broader historical context of war. <br /> <br /> Will the movie begin with defects? Most important actors are wrong? Pacino has been critically criticized, but Kinski is better than a colorful aristocrat, Donald Sutherland lost hopelessly as a brutal English soldier with his Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's scenario is full of attempts to bring massive historical events to a personal level. In no event, this was a discreet characteristic of the American Revolution and did not decide whether to have an epic war movie with a few extreme characters used to carry a story or story. As a result, if the story does not go to any human, the "small story" from the "big glasses" goes right and meaningless. John Corigliano's account is very horrible, and it is pushed into thinking and thoroughly. Hugh Hudson's direction, as well as Pacino's and other key role-playing errors, also made it an irritant trembling camera operation. The idea of ​​a handheld camera is immediately set up? a sense of "being there" in the confusion of war and flames. Like many other things in the film, it does not work. A section, period details, suits, kits and seemingly accurate weapons are recovering part of the film's reverence. However, the details of the time you are walking to the museum are a better way of spending your time, because your career experience does not even begin to revolt, even as a revolution. More than £ 18,000,000 mega bombs that could cause the disease in the British film industry in the mid-1980s.
