This movie is pure 'Hollywood Hukum'. It is based on a novel called "Not Pink." Not too intriguing or not likely to be by Richard Sale; will do research to find out! The story in the film draws on many of the events and novels that are explicitly available, but it does not appear anywhere in the film, either because the film has been fought in battle, or the scandal has come to an end. In this film, there is no millennial reality that is far from reality in terms of events or symbols. From every point of view, it is a pure Hollywood fantasy. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, have little to do with the fact that the film is actually being used. They should be mixed in the same way as sprinkling of the crushed heifers on an omelette, hoping that the flavor will increase further. The film is an attempt to prepare a "moral fairy tale", and it seems that it is laughing. This story links with some aggravated criminals detained in prison in Guyana, France. Of course, the story should be a woman, so Joan Crawford appears to be a tramp downstream of Clark Gable, one of the criminals fleeing. Crawford pulls shoes with high boots running in the woods and renews makeup. Gable is looking at flirts and grimaces and shouting phrases, as her wont, smirking, and for anyone who acts on the story. It's hard to treat Clark Gable as a tough criminal against such a character when he gets into trouble, never to be a thief. (Those who demand attention are busy stealing a job that does not require people to see them). All refugees are so ridiculous that it is only a light entertainment. Religious and in-depth effort is included with a mysterious "mercy angel" who acts voluntarily as a prisoner and as a prisoner. He helps escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers with various deaths, helping to find "peace" in the end. This character is well-maintained by Ian Hunter, who has a small place in the confidential atmosphere of confidential information, secretly smiling, sparking prophesies and giving him a glittering glimmer. The topic is purchase. You can say "Donald Duck" version of "Hollywood Goes Morally and Gets Heavy". For the depth of truth, in 1953, Hitchcock's "Do Not Recognize Me" shows how real it really should be. Instead, this unusual nonsense shows how nude the Wooden Cabinets in the Tinsel town are, and when they went rummaging for something that means something, they were more confused than they could go out with.
