In the summer of 1979, when this flick was a staple in the new movie movie called HBO, Gas Line Summer & Iran Hostage Crisis Summer. "Smokey & Bandit" was one of the few low-budget, one-mission car movies to go through, despite rapid slides such as the Roadrunner cartoon for several years. "Corvette Summer" is even more light and sexy, like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry" as the previous movie. Just-graded, a classy school car, sent the Shop Class masterpiece of the Kenneth (Hamill) cars to the Vegas automaker for the theft of a super-special, right-handed vehicle from Vette. In the moral support of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and curse in Las Vegas"), he entered a special van (yes, this was the end of the tail of a van) Sassy, Whatever a good, enthusiastic prostitute to go to City. Vanessa, get it? In the sad, innocent Kenneth Vegas on the road, only a new friend helps the entire American solution and help him, though a young girl with an overdose is less wise than the world's first time. Vanessa, at the age of 'I'm Gone', is considered to be the oldest, least respected profession in the world, almost college or even hairdressing, talent, money and the future, and women at least think about the joys of this career. Save the book, right? Hamill is a good choice for white pea Kenneth (the car is not personally owned, not school), which will not escape from the target with violence, money or even love - so why the car was really stolen. Potts moves with style and energy, but Vanessa is incredible for any of the most incredible testosterone machines. Bad men are prepared by a striking person, especially always beautiful Brion James. But there is not much movement, and this is not a movie that can be played with dialogues, twists, or Heavy Topics. You can always go away, turn the TV and connect it to your "Pong" console. At the same time, the similar, but gruesome Chris Mitchum tool "Stingray", more skin, speed and mayhem. The best features of each film may have created a worthwhile Vette movie. Thus, Trans Am was released to handle muscle car showroom. Another of the forgotten car movie "Speed ​​Channel" was released from the dead by Lost Drive.
