In front of her, Ruiz began to develop a psychological tension. Although this genre agrees with a classic piece, there are compensations. Women born between Hüppert and Balibar are tense, but both are forced to tackle the war against a boy; However, in the style of a real European art house, Ruiz does not provide for the release of this tension, because women are trying to show compassion toward each other. <br /> <br /> Indeed, if we imitate the title of the movie, the film tells about the skeleton of retardation like Jane. Campion's The Cut. Instead, an interdisciplinary psychological research focused on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides a practical joke, playing his mother against an emotionally sensitive woman. Both women are more likely to respect themselves than to hurt themselves and combine these problems. Quiet and (study) manipulative Camille, acting accelerating to confront women in their lives, psychologist Charles Berling, sister Huppert, nanny or piano - and almost acting as a symbolic deficiency. Particularly interesting is that, as his father, Henry James's "The Vert Turn", is a legitimate father of Denis Podalydes for the film's duration. Ruiz fashioned an Oedipal moment without reacting to Huppert's return to the film's proximity. <br /> <br /> Read as a novel or a psychiatric essay, this film is finally disappointed. When I was officially drowned by Mme Huppert's screening method, I was buried in many lands, but I would look back on the stage before returning to her again (the joy of Europe's Paradise). Support is good. Although Ruiz does not give the fortress any good. I think of some of the weakest lights and some of the strangers, as well as the characteristic of his character, and especially Edith Scob's Isabel's Shamanik neighbor. The generated pieces do not correlate with a nominative area - the tension it throws does not split slightly, but it is not consumed by its potential potential. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good French fighter? Go and see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
