Over a period of about five minutes, and I saw where this place. Elementary school children start thinking of starting a rebellion by the school administration and heartwarming. I said to my girlfriend: the IMDb gets below a 5, if not, I'll go and read a book. It has 5.0, so she persuaded me to go watching. What are the good things? Well, this film does not have a story, a good thing, because you definitely edəcəyinizdən yayındırırsınız editing. It looks like a student drops by a teacher, all shooting of this film is cut in a strange accident involving a meat grinder and half the half, and the other half is a two-second bit. There are also twelve scenes, six pieces and three different angles, even on local TV news. And then there Layouts. Every three months as this is all Pavlov's dog, you will hear the forewarns electronic music, another assembling that will start the trick, every time you hear it. Oh, how good to say about this film. Well, the film was shot very well, with a beautiful color palette, with unpleasant feelings - as in the scenes. Okay, now, with the film's main flaw, and this is their story, or it was not. The leader has made a fatal mistake, not to tell you how smart you are, but to be the sort of voter to show you the basic characters, but not the people and the situation. Not only was deceptive. I guess it is to make that central character more likable. But it was just annoying. If the story is full of holes, trying to patch it up directing the wrong audience. And often there was not such a point. And then it ended. Essentially, if the coward turns out to be the ultimate beast of peace, an okay guy. Plus, it's been already over, it's just overturned, it's a point that's why it seems to be the whole point of the movie that stood up for one, and revolutions makes it a point about the nature of the animal farm, and better. This is what I have said to Bill Cosby's fault: How adolescents always always wrong and how true the last adults can seem to everything in the first place. Let's see this: If you're the one, that's not true.
