Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chief chef and owner of the famous California restaurant. Pregnant Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette) and a beautiful son of about five. Sammy really loves his family, but Dr. Like Jeckyll and Mr Hyde, she has dual life with many women who are sexually active. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassya Kinski) tries to help her. Okay, it's my fault: I read a summary of other IMDB user comments, I've seen the IMDB user rating, but I really did not believe Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could take part in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out and in fact some of the comments are flawless. The stories, scenarios and dialogues are so silly and laughable that they can find even more clever stories in many x-rated films. Photography is very strange and sad, in some cases it is shot with a VHS camera. Michael Des Barres, does not have a ridiculous feeling: an elderly man can be admitted to a big advertisement of the bald, Viagra or the little boy. But like any sexually explicit sexual partner, it's scary. In Wood Allen's comedy, maybe there is a chance, but in the 'serious' movie, it's funny. Why and how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski are trying to figure out that they want to join this horrible, amateur and trash movie. Need money? Lack of chances in better movies than your age? They are 'friends' of the film (apologize for the use of this word) and decided to help him and introduce him? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's soul shows his silk-filled breasts, but such a great actress can not accept such a script. Applies to the same beautiful Nastassja Kinki. It offers no oil-free, make-up without makeup. Disrespect to one of the most beautiful actresses in film history. One truth is of interest to me: how can a reader, without personal interests, give it a high scores or write down favorable comments about this movie? Are they 'directors' (that is, I use this word) or friends who are cast? For me, a normal IMDB reader is very keen to hear such a movie. <br /> <br /> <strong>
