I'm not a Mormon, you'd like to know in advance, unlike those who already viewed this movie. I remember that the way I look at the film may be different from the faith. For some, criticizing the film can be regarded as a criticism of faith - it is not my intention. So, it is my view to look inside and to have a stranger who wants to know who this person and his people are. After seeing the film, I doubt that I have learned so much. I have a good basic understanding of Young, as well as Joseph Smith, as well as church teaching since I was a history teacher. But anyone who wants to see the film, really want to learn something, will probably be disappointed with the film because it looks very nice and very unrealistic in its image. Of course, apart from wonderful people, the church's work and most of the wives are some (and this last part is just mentioned in the film). Instead, people simply view cartoons in simple images. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angels, all of the non-Mormons are Mormon who play the Devils and Brian Donlevy (Edward G. Robinson playing in the same way later), but the movie comes from just a bad man. All this is very simple .... very simple. Brigham Young was especially a very complicated person - very good dots (perfect organizer and visionary) and bad (even without me). Brothers and sisters in the church, or opinions about marriage). It is straightforward to describe it in such uncertain situations. Gandhi also has much to do with how Ben Kingsley describes the film, emphasizing the facts that led to the fact that he was super-human. Huck, now I think it's a problem with the most religious movies - they often come in one dimension, modestly and gentle. <br /> <br /> Now, if you can not pay attention to the fact that you will not learn much about faith, let's be a full and full movie of these men. or his second leader, the movie is quite pleasant. One of the events that took place in the 20th century was really caring about the movie, because both actors (Tyrone Power) and actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell, Vincent Price) and beautiful actors (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy) . The film had lots of beautiful shooting and glow. There is nothing else to say but to say "swollen" all of this. In addition, there were many actual errors and several straight rectangular scenes. Some of the bad guys are Joseph Smith (after three years) after the death of the prime minister, not to mention any Mormon sects and fragmentation groups, but to talk about "gold in gold." In 1847, gold was not discovered until 1948, nor did polychamy or most of Smith's spouses have a special note. Simply the silent scenes involved Carradine with a gun and staged it in the courtroom - did not care for anyone - despite being a very hostile audience! At least the judge will tell him to put him and stop the people who threaten him? <br /> <br /> One last comment. I do not know, I repeat, do not watch this movie when it is shown in American Cinema Classics (a big station in recent years). If I criticized the movie as a critical message, I was scared of the station's disrespect to the church and its traditions. What I mean. In addition to the film penis enhancement formula ads, it was recorded with pop-up tones (some of which featured the "sexiest cast" feature). If I do not do it for any other religious film, I will speak disrespectful and rude conversations. By doing so, they do not just insult the faith but restrict the markets - so do not hear of these things and the life of Brigham Young? In this movie, can you show your children or recommend to others?
