Ned Kelly was called "Australian West" if the term itself was not geographically and semantically meaningless. Under Under Ned Kelly was a real folk robber with a genuine Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. Kelly, a descendant of Irish immigrants, was also fugitive and fugitive after he was accused of flaming Australian law officer, who was charged with committing a crime by his innocent mother. To return to the government for this ill-treatment, Kelly, his brother Dan and the other two friends, became famous bank robbers, winning hearts of many people in the village while hitting justice in an area where frequent Irish immigrants are frequent. <br /> <br /> Maybe because we are faced with the so-called "gangster bandit" scenario in the past, "Ned Kelly" is so familiar and unoriginal that any number of stereotypes and clichés of the genre respect the inevitable endurance. Ned is a typical heart-gold law, when forced, and even then deeply regretted. In the midst of a bank robbery, a valuable time for one of the customers, after the unfaithful stealing of a part of his gang, there is the pulse of the common people. What movie did not show this scene on this subject? Of course, such selective generosity is, of course, to gain the love and respect of all the tiny people who are secretly praised to anyone who can cling to power and status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays a typically bedeviled law enforcement officer who feels a personal share to bring down this upstart concern, which continues to move away with tweaking the structure. The inevitable episode with one of the ladies comes in contact with one of these robbers and thus becomes a romantic combination of criminal life style. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does not distinguish himself from the main role, and provides little or no way to make his character interesting or engaging. <br /> <br /> Ned Kelly can serve some kind of function. The film "Ned Kelly" also emphasizes the holiness and ambition of character and film. The same story as a lesson in Australian history, but as a fun, different storyline.
