I heard many bad things about Cabin Fever, almost from my culture. As you can see, the new imprinter Eli Roth's first film is just an effort by falling to the IQ points as the film progresses. There are bad movies and, of course, those who are more cowards (I'm not sure how high the blood count is for the boarding house), there's a good amount for the genre fans. The stage can not be worse: children go to the cabin for one-week parties, but when a sick person is covered with blood, they are shooting with a panic. He will die in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon all his heroes will be infected with the virus. Heroes, or leading college kids (like James Robertson and his hero, James DiBello as heroes), or the "village" people who support, are not paralyzed, are archetypal to the point of atheria. <br /> <br /> When faced with their fate, the city's population is quite strange and seems to be thrown somewhere with no laughs. 'Pancake kid' comes out of nowhere and maybe in another movie or arbitrarily but in the context of the rest of the film does not just work. There is even a young police character that is more likely to be comparable and comparable to others. After an incident, the family after DiBell has some unfulfilled opportunities. But all this, Roth shuddered the scenario from the window and scared one of the killing dogs around them and scared the killing dogs around them. Not all of them. Unlike those of less Throma horror movies or those less than 70 or 80, I think Roth is an immortal fan - it makes it unobtrusive. It is also wise not to give any explanation as to where the virus came from. <br /> <br /> Unlike these films, however, it's really a great idea for the great horrible times. His film certainly works and he's bloody, once or twice annoying (as I see a random bunny in the gurney). Even though it is often not lightly tapped (with a tape or a bowling alley, this story is a red color with its own style). It simply implies a lot of illogical scenarios and options (shooting your feet with a deadly virus) and creating a fair basis. If you have tea, you have more power. But in the end I found him in the genre of genuine genre that he did not get the audience's sensitivity but he did not return to the fence as an intelligent B-film. Roth also owns a beacon for Santa Claus, who has previously been a filmmaker in the movie, to finish a movie on a 'real paradise' that serves a group of black people as a store secretary. He can work if he pursues a better thing or leaves it completely. It could have been the same for most of the film. C-
