I did not know that Cabin Fever should be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know it is closer to being a joke. A few years ago, the filmmakers' society decided to take a new step and bring the genre of fun to the Scream series. A list in Scream was given, the fictional characters of all foolish things could be foreseen, and the characters in Scream ended up accomplishing the same thing that added many humor and mockery for this genre of analysis, and immediately after the movie, or any horror movie that is different from the "old" films that are the least different in the most dramatic process, the same tedious criteria. In the "Cabin Fever", many see, in a few years, that many, and now, "scary" movies are not serious, serious, ambitious, elegant, and even intimidating. Above all, this film is not unique. Several times they said that there are fewer imaginable horror directors these days, the repertoire remakes remakes, but the creation of a cabin film in the woods does not seem to be just "hommage", it seems, just a ripoff. There will be no other people who are surprised by the other factors of the movie story: once again, we face a problem where one character is in the early 20's, and will not think rational when faced with a problem. on the contrary, they argue over hours and struggle more than to think and do something about it. There is a lot of excitement there. In a horror movie there are all kinds of things that do not really make you kiss, love, and be entertaining for the world times, any other fear film that has actually been seen before. Secondly, this film is unusual. Every single character, each dialogue, every situation in the film is treated so seriously that some characters will be relieved to any viewer with a sense of delusions when they finally die. Nothing in the film directs, writes, or moves the film's invisible, unseen-meat-cooking-virus (no laughs). I'm not gonna raise a player because there are no actors in this movie. The cast was really hired to be a friend or neighbor of the director. Third, anyone who has seen this and a "good" fear film before, is completely empty of the scenario. Indeed, nothing happens, some actions are repeated several times ("try to get help!"), Nothing is really in the psychology of the heroes, and even in the last line of the film hilarious squirrel. it should have been funny for the director and screenwriters. In the end, I think it's only a scary thing in a horror movie. Gallons of fake blood have never been enough to scare the audience, whether they are defective, squirted from their hands or their wounds. Scenario, ideas and even cruelty are required for those claiming to be scary. If I did not think it was a total failure, I think the film has a talent: a bad witch to watch. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage anyone who is interested in or interested in examining major movie scams in the past, Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter The films of the 60s, 70s, 80s made by ... are neither scary nor horrified, and the "new" is not necessarily "better" to the audience. A good example of the movie is a few pieces by composer Angelo Badalamenti for this movie, although they are close to their previous compositions, but they are under the pretext of nothing.
