Like me, those who are disappointed with the original 1995 horror strip, "Fear" will be much more successful with this fool's result. Such a plot follows, but it is impossible to join the original, except for the existence of the angelic monster made of wood. <br /> <br /> Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, a good performer) witnessed his father's brutal killing twenty years later, killing his mother and then taking his own life, Mike suffers from fear yet. that day. By breaking her fears, Mike takes her lover and many friends to her father's and her grandfather's home. Her plan is to decorate suits that reflect her fears, and then present her fears to model Morty. In an Indian friend's opinion, this process should take the fear of someone. Mike will not know that Morty has his father's soul and begins to kill his comrades ... or does Mike really kill himself? <br /> <br /> This film has some difficulties. First lie with Morty. I think the original Morty look is quite convincing. This time it is a painful thing Morty is a man in a fake suit (actor John Fedele). This may appear in early scenes, especially Morty, which is supposed to be still lifeless, but if you follow closely, you see it blinking. Another problem is that most of the characters are not working properly. Some movies, namely Betsy Palmer, the 13th Fame on Friday, are excellent in this film. But most of them do not work or give a chance. Finally there are murders. Opening scenes with axed murder were very convincing. Actually, when I saw them, I thought for a good movie. When it comes to the second half of the film, and the murders really begin, everything breaks down. Deaths are either casual, unprecedented or anticipated (Currie's next scene appearance as a dark one). One character ends and no one, including the viewer, even warns. Although half of the start was needed, it was not too bad. The second half was. I think the new director, Chris Angel, came to this point and did not know how to shoot violent scenes, so they went on a true sloppy and pedestrian. A stupid end does not help. So, if you do not really enjoy the original and enjoy it under your skin, you should probably skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos' account: from 10 to 4.
