The Attack Force has a terrible title and can be judged instantaneously because of the horror of the film. It's hard to see the beginnings to end a cunning line, a complicated confusion, and a mish-mash movie that is accelerating with a terrifying speed. I was able to do it and I was proud of it. As part of Seagal's works (many of her old days), it's painful to see her star when she smiles this way. We have been looking for more than half a million Seagal's films or so much, but some of them have some irreplaceable features. Attack Power is a mess. Until the birth of the concept, this film has been subjected to numerous unwanted changes, and this is very similar to Romania, because of its highly addictive medicines in Romania (some of which are in Romania) in Romania!). The film is a little cautious, regardless of the original shooting script. That's the holes in the movie and the empty ends. Seagal's recent films have problems, but ultimately it did not produce any results. There is an untested CTX all-polarized water supply line (this is the coldest name of drugs)! Of course, in recent years there has been no major shooting on the Seagal Canon, and there has been a major shooting in other parts, especially in the action. In spite of the move, all other sections are poor. This direction is weak or maybe better to look poor. Who knows who directed this film by Michael Keuschin first? Completing his work, re-shootings and corrections by stunt-player Tom Delmar have completely lost a related auteur appearance. The best way to describe the movie is just the store! If cinematography, droning account (as cheaply generated by cheap synthesis) sounds, there is nothing to excite about. Casting is very poor, it can not save anything. Seagal appears out of recognition and is dubbed with a lot of images when the picture is changed. He is tired and overweight, as he looks at earlier images (as we have already mentioned, there were major complaints in the last pictures of Seagal). Only one of the recoverable castle members, Adam Croasdell, is a sensitive Brit rutin, as one of the cunning. He plays non-human because he looks like a shot on the alien line. Finally, the action looks like a cross between a body driver and a vampire (sometimes up to the victim's son, sometimes played by a boiling chick waiting for her husband). <br /> <br /> Finally, the action. Well, poor. Heavy fell, weakly shot. There is not much to do there, and there is even less with Seagal. Stevo really does not pull a pair of stunt here because there's so little. There is a long (recurring and drill) motion picture showing that Seagal's stand is slightly blinking because there was no open Seagal when the scene was shot and they were moving along with it. Seagal appears personally to shoot two boys at the end of the end. Seagal has a producer loan and a script loan here, but this is behind the movie I understand. Seagal will probably not work with these people or Castel Studio <br /> <br /> It's something to avoid if you're not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safe with knowing that a great man does not want to do something bad. Unfortunately, the next film, which is already filmed, promises to be worse than with the same people. *
