The darkest Floors, which goes to the most expensive film in the history of Finland, is a scary movie with a lot of Lynchian stories that have dropped and dropped off in an abandoned hospital so far, reflecting a series of Floors. Heroes hurry. With an autistic daughter and her father's leadership, the lack of medical treatment with the daughter of the hospitals made it difficult for a hospital nurse to be an elevator to discuss the problem. They find a collective rapidly abandoned complex accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and a seemingly drunken tramp, but they are not alone. He uses mainly English actors led by fin-born Pete Riski, known for the Dark Floors TV channel, but he is also a member of the well-known "Lordi" group (2006 Eurovision Song Contest winners). /> Because the shootings of each film, the word "very calm" has already been set on a suspicious path, and that Lord has affected horror that does not violate this convention. In addition to all the good ideas thrown in the mixture, there are a few handfuls of clichés, and the worst, everything is interesting, original, not enough to create resonance. The concept of floating floors is initially a very harmful and inevitable sense of doom, because the audience should progress in malaria in the hospital. But there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate audiences, but the observer knows that travel will be more dangerous because it changes from bright to white to hell, but I do not think the characters know enough about this fact to threaten them. Also, the whole film is actually a bubble in its own time, a very nice touch, often a concept that is not used in the horror genre, but the characters are not in a state of fear and danger. This truth continues to work very easily and without worrying enough to give the viewer something to say. At the outset, good ideas only had the idea of ​​the director and / or Lord Lord (most of the ideas used in the film), but could not agree or decide how to use them well, and to lose their goals and points. <br /> <br /> But for all the frustration there is a huge amount of comedy, but because of the creators' hopes. Much is too much of a kliche, a lot of back and very ridiculous. While the device is acted faithfully by Noah Huntley, characters are embossed cardboard tracks from other films. There is a man who does his best to protect our daughter along with an enhanced love affair. The traditional "miraculous black man" accompanied by the "couple" is a hard-working security guard, a businessman who is approaching an infinite clip for his harshness and just looking at himself. Unfortunately, unfortunately, as Lord's casting creates in the night, the worst of our sufferers are the suffering band of our wrong companions, but they do not seem to be the same. What creates fear for the audience watching movies increases the context of fear. "The Shining" creates fears because it is a member of a family that thinks you are drowning, "Dawn of the Dead" is fear of one another and primitive examples of superstitious thinking that do not have betrayal and peak, "Alien" rationalized and none of them are available at Dark Floors. Perhaps it is unfair to compare this product with these monoliths of the genre, but when you do it, it shows a significant pile and shows that its attackers do not feel like nothing but jealous Klingon, who scarcely throws themselves over costumes. "Lordi" from any atmosphere is not only scary. <br /> <br /> We are happy for all the innovations and hope that they are doing well, and want to say that smaller products have the same quality. The Hollywood film has just begun with George A Romero's start, but it's not always material. I was very pleased with the movie and did not feel as if I had just spent ninety minutes, but in a negative way, there was nothing negative or emotionally disturbing or affecting me. I say that almost Lynchian's story was an advantage, but nothing was missing. Why did it happen? What does that mean? Will they do all this again? Though not the smallest idea of ​​what the film will be, the film is just amazing to those who want to be arty. Was the whole series of events realistic or just a dream sequence? The autistic girl watched the Eurovision Song Contest in 2006, and was it just a strange nightmare, given the underlying stress? Who knows? And, unfortunately, I even fail to work on energy for care. Although "Dark Structures" have extremely neat engagement capabilities, Mr Lordi has shown a great deal of creative energies, and maybe he should look solo to thoroughly develop his ideas. The band or fans of the genre should probably follow, but they will leave the feeling of distress that they will not get enough of the situation.
