In 2007, Lordi won a Eurovision Song Contest with a very heavy metal song "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and in 2007 he had a single consciousness and revelation and went on stage, which was made up of mistaken monsters. But let's face it, their victory was probably very small with their great musical talent. The Eurovision Song Contest has gradually become a major political vinegar, and Lordi has probably won, because their song has finally brought a little change. it is even more important - because all of their actions generally generate the annual event generously. The Lord's first (and hopefully the last) fear film is definitely the last thing to change and invent. "Dark Stones" is a truly unimaginative and hopeless accumulation of clichés, based on the idea of ​​the lead singer and supporting the rest of the band. The great budget (Black Floors, the so-called most expensive Finnish movie), is definitely a great deal of attractive cuts and impressive makeup art, but what does it say is not a worthy story? The film is placed in a busy hospital where a father and a small daughter with a diseased illness are trapped in a lift during a power cut. When the door opens again, the floors are empty and the hospital seems to have been abandoned for many years. To reach the exit, the group resembles a series of morbid and unexplained barriers that come from floors like illegal bodies, screams and tall metal monsters. The three points I made for the "Dark Floor" are intended to create scene and tension in the first half of the film. If the terrible event does not require explanation, the atmosphere is terrifying, but the explanations are: (a) very foolish; or (b) that they will not come in handy, only effectively from unstable cards. Lordi's suit was not scary to actually (and possibly with the traditional Eurovision fans), and with a story that remembers the Asian ghost horror, they were not just terrible and defective. Always thinking of Finland with all myths and really unique outdoors? The land of a thousand lakes? it would be an ideal breeding ground for potentially terrible horror stories, but I think there is another disappointment in my account.
