I lost three hours of my life, and honestly I can say that she has violated her. I read the readers and heard warnings, and I thought I was prepared for something - the best I thought was a loyal mistake in the original adaptation; At worst, a very good "dog-bad" plan for the new millennium. "So, if I could get a copy of Walmart in Florida, and with my friends back to England," Prepare for the worst movie! "Oh, cruel Karma. the "special" effects are similar to the work of a first-class student using a Spectrum ZX81. The terrible action, the terrifying ones are less terrible (the emphasis of an artillery man looks at us from the Scottish Gallows through Northern Ireland through Scotland) it is impossible to prove that the production values ​​are not worth the cost. The words can not really describe the worst of this film, because of the attack on the lung frog CGI Thunderchild (Royal Navy White Ensign, not flag of the Alliance) flying flag film If you think of some of the characteristic-zero-budget fan films that are available in the "Net" (for example, "Star Wars" short "Troops"), all the "we are enthusiastic amateurs" dispute from the window. And if you believe in the interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, there are 8 budgets in this movie! I only think that scared facial hair will not be cheaper in the US. Perhaps the problem is not to turn a movie into a movie (if that's the case), not try to make a movie by Hines & Co. Symbols and text verbal pieces without expressing the feelings behind words. On the contrary, Darinne Sellers was the only person who came close to performing a fairly high level of performance. My advice? Pray as hell as Jeff Wayne does not flutter and watch Spielberg's version. The text of the book may not be right, but I can say that; As a lifelong HG Wells fan (and also in English), the Speilbergs movie belongs to the Spirit of the Book. Maybe the customs did not allow this monster to be brought to the country but I will say: Timothy Hines stole the three hours of my life and I want them back.
