A & E version of the 2001 release, R.D. I watched Blackmore's classic novel by replacing this substitute. <br /> <br /> In this version, the A & E movie is original and has some feelings like me. Actors appear to be compelled and complicated, mainly on the wooden board (except for Sean Bean) and "romanticism." Actually, there's no kiss until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle is not marked or expanded by John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, which one you choose) and the worst Carver Doone. We can not get too much care here in Carver or have some romantic feelings for Lorna. This film has turned many of the main and interesting characters of the novel, Counselor Doyone, and the most rapidly developing, youngest sister of Judah, Lizzii. The scenario itself is also condemned. The political revolution is not a sign of the script. The way to be with Lorna Doones is not the original story. Clive Owen does not accept my mistake, Clive Owen is a beautiful and talented actor (watching Gosford Park and King Arturu for approval), but it stays stiffer and stoic along and does not fit her long hair (may be a bad wig) !!! !! Polly Walker, a favorite and skillful actress (See Enchanted April and Patriot Games compared to Sean Bean), but it looks colorless and dull. There is a cold wound on the lip that makeup can not hide and the suits do not look real. The late Robert Stephens is a respected term as Sir Ensor Doone, although he is referring to his beloved only to Lorna, his grandson, who was well-known for his book. Both Owen and Walker seem to have brown, cold, gray and brown, without a hint of a sunny skies, too old (perhaps this makeup) for their roles. I understand that it's in the Southeast England, but it's green and its sunshine! Tom Faggus's character and novel "death" images will further aggravate the film. A positive note is Sean Bean's Carver performance. Adan does not come close to describing Gillin's film A & E, though Bean is a common darkness. In short, you have a few hours to kill, but it does not concern exciting or romantic. See this tired adaptation on any other version (but I appreciate the A & E movie).
