Undoubtedly, I did not have high expectations from Corki Romano. But who else? But I felt it was worth the benefit of the doubt. I did not really hope for Joe Dirt - another comedy starring a SNL cast member - I was pleasantly surprised. But this movie is as bad as it was before. Chris Kattan is actually a talented actor - it's a big deal of what you think after watching the movie. He was on the very funny SNL skate and I think he is now one of the most talented players in the SNL. In this case, he is given a bare, meaningless script and seeks to make every segment of a permanent exile. In each scene, she tried to move on a naked Jerry Lewis and miserable failure. Jerry Lewis knew how to handle this kind of physical comedy and did not say he was working on writing better. From the immensely sad, many Cafe Lattes appear to be an ignorant stupid with ADHD. Does not even expect punchline; he thinks that all of us will laugh once it starts jumping like a monkey to crack. At one stage, a match ends with a dog with a cocaine pack in his mouth. The package exploded and cocaine splashes on it. He comes back to work and cocks out. Now, when you do the same thing throughout the whole movie, how do you get to laugh and move forward? When it comes to the rest of the remainder ... Vanessa Shaw is really very hot, Peter Berg is a staggering role and like Chris Penn. Peter Falk has been put into use, but there are a few comic lines. Hopefully, Falk gets a decent film for a moment. Take a clunker like many "Corky Romano" many talent. Falk's latest movie Made in me did not like it, but at least he played a decent role. <br /> <br /> I was surprised several times, but could not make a single laugh. Each wand is carried out with time and delivery sense. And this was badly damaged by the actor of Kattan. And there are certain gags that are dragged streneously. For example, Kattan is surprised at two brothers. She tries to exit a fart 2 or 3 minutes and finally she stands for something smaller. It is worse when you think of a stick you've dropped and dragged, but when you're a naked jaw and dragging it, it's even worse hell. And an example of this is that these two Asian men try to translate what they say in a drug bust. What can I do about this so-called comedy, but I do not waste my time? As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from the harness you were right. <br /> <br /> My Account: 3 (from 10)
