The correct review of the Nurnberg has opened the door to history by mistakenly a movie "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) ended long years ago by linking bureaucrats, military generals and concentration camps to the Nazi political regime, to a new cancer, to peace and tranquility during the World War II. However, these unknown unknown heroes did not get any help from allies who were just close to the French resistance. Historians have applied this to the Germans, using an agenda set up to conceal an alien evil that has endured the lives of tens of millions of people, believing that the German people fully support all fascists and ultimately deserves a 24-hour bombing genocide and "unconditional surrender". <br /> <br /> English scholars in 1943 violated the English scientists' codes. In 1943 the Germans prepared new jet fighters and jet bombers by companies like Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. But if the Nazis are eliminated and the German ally succeeds, allies in the world will not allow any democracy to jet fighters, jet bombers, high speed underwater boats, ballistic missiles and other missile missiles other than the United States! This is the place where the institutionalized agenda is important. As a result, the German resistance did not receive any help from the allies, although they had an important intelligence to overcome Adolf Hitler. The coup of July 20, 1944, proves that the Germans have made significant efforts to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans gained the last results of the "unconditional surrender" and 24-hour saturation bombing on an agenda to prevent peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and Germans from the Germans, and had full ownership through "unconditional surrender." The war was a pre-arranged agenda to allow the war to justify a 24-hour bomber, but a year after the allied forces left Germany to steal the world's largest technology and scientists in the barrel. Meanwhile, tens of millions of people have died after the allies have left the German resistance for their deception. <br /> <br /> Allies have put the Germans "unconditional surrender" as an excuse to complete the ownership and control of the Germans' property and government, and they have been carried out without resisting Germany to throw their grandmothers. The Allies wanted to steal from the Germans the world's largest technology and the Germans to achieve world technological superiority. As a result, everything took the second place in a bad allied agenda that killed millions of German people in a 24-hour bomber; concentration camps were open; <br /> <br /> In 1946, the war crimes tribunal in Nuremburg became public. mutual offense and mass murder committed by the allies backwards by the Nazis. <br /> <br /> Instead of overthrowing the political regime of the German opposition, it was a smoke screen to conceal the worst and unwanted alien agenda for the world's technological superiority. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people were killed because the allies had abandoned the German resistance, but they were punished despite the fact that they paid a lifetime debt to the German defendants in the Nuremburg war crimes or the allies committed genocide to achieve world technological superiority.
