This "later" Bruce is still known as Billy Lo (get him? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee, No?) Along with this, it's all common with the other film. Billy is no longer an actor. It appears in another country. Like a spy. Returning and, unfortunately, he is a new character, the only castle to kill his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce died, the film was dying with him. This is extremely weak. The scenario seemed to write as they wrote. Life works for some time (not so clear at first), but soon Bruce is always shown in the dark (part of Bruce is lighting at one stage due to no other reason to hide, not playing). Unfortunately, while movie changes died. I can not help, but unfortunately, they filmed as they wrote and planned to keep Bruce alive, but after Billy died, Bobby could not have been imagined as invisible, because they decided to kill him. Half of the character in the film is difficult to change, and it is difficult to accept Bruce's star Bobby, so it's a tough move. Bruce will be seen again in this film. I do not know if this is a continuation without Bruce. People who want to see a new Bruce Lee movie, play a single role, even though they give the most billing. Even the worst films have at least one memorable moment. If we talk about this movie a bit, it's the scene where Billy is fighting a plant seedlings. Unfortunately, Bruce Lee does not use it. If you think of it, do not give up, but do not surrender. None of the other actors here has done anything memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to extinguish Bruce's letter after you've finished writing to your brother. Nothing else in the film should be watched. It was really sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how such a small budget movie can get enough money to use Dragon's images. It was a cheap way to make money on behalf of Bruce. Suddenly, this is the original Bruce movie. Thankfully, nobody tried to do anything like this again. In 1981, Bruce had his latest movie appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but with gratitude, Bruce's film career should not be left alone.
