When writing an online review for a normal movie, one of three reasons. Otherwise, I discovered something inadequate in a movie that could have been another thing that the public accepting a movie before the movie was inaccurate for a number of reasons, or I think that the purpose or message of the film needs clarity or must be explained. Some of these reasons may seem a bit negative, though, "This is one of the best films of all time!" Writing an article that has nothing to write but with definitions and phrases, it does not give a prospective viewer a reasonable idea of ​​whether or not a film is good, regardless of its worthiness and poverty, which should be a matter of priority. Thus, the War of the Worlds is nothing but an inadequate attempt to hire money; She supported her sad carcass in the multi-million-dollar advertising campaign of the same film run by Steven Spielberg. Many people will receive this DVD with the anticipation of a spring-break, and more and more spirits seek more material on the same subject. This movie is not "too bad", it's funny or happy, but the audience is incredibly disappointed to reach the angry spot. Now let me give you some arguments as a warning to some of the most lucky ones with the majority of offenses. <br /> <br /> I saw the cover and the SAM's Club for $ 8 because of the lack of explanation for this movie), and I think that castin can not be any name and special effects can not be so spectacular. Check it out. For me, a huge budget and big names are a great addiction to the stars and SE is a great deal for me as it can reduce another decent movie. I did not expect it to be blown up by a great dialogue or a motion picture. Check again. What I hoped was a serious attempt on a classic theme and several foreign / combat scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policy, any spoiler must be declared in advance, and the smaller the case is, just as it is fair. The film opens with a small talk that many believe, and then rides to an observatory to look at a red spot. Seriously, red dot images in a tube. It's hard to deepen every small issue, but the camera work, the scenes that combine it and the tremendous number of mergers to the end of the first ten minutes get annoyed by the audience. However, the suit is not surprising, and you continue to hope that pods will emerge a mysterious thing. The next 30 minutes are basically the same: one of the main characters goes to one of the pods, looks at the pods and looks at another main character looking at the pod and can be hot. Both return to the city. These trips are not two seconds, and in addition, dialogue can be exchanged. They are twenty seconds or more, and you can add a filler to an inflated three-hour movie. Especially at an exciting stage, the main character is looked at in a pod, then pacing and panting, then looks at the podium, then takes a minute walk into the city, then goes to the city and goes into a building, then has a cup of coffee and coffee She tells a casual girl, "Maryam Mary", then she pulls coffee and removes the building, then goes into the field for a minute and goes back to the herd. I apologize for the sensitive sentence, but maybe this is the best way to summarize the film. Characters tell a lot about worldly things, they go too far, send others to ride, the camera rises at high speeds and slow speeds, but there's no dramatic effect, just the camera is the second class on Tech. Correction is foolish. People have very little movement. For example, if the professor says that he needs a farmer to go to a farmer's home and to ride him to the city, he goes around the sticks and around the farmer. Professor says that when there is a pod and inside can be closed inside, the farmer locked him in a cast to see him catch only a pitchfork and open it for a weak moment. Of course, no result of any result comes out of the whole scene, because the professor enters the main character an hour later and can start the daylight. The whole movie feels like a good idea to shoot a movie at some point, but it does not mean exactly how to put it in action. I've seen better high school video production. Finally, special effects laugh and there is nothing to propagate the story. The director really feels that this movie wants to have some cult cultural classic trash. But technically, this is so terrible, and it is only the people who are frustrated in the common sense. Avoid this movie in every movie.
