Do you like to open a sequence just like "Satan for Seven Women"? During the presentation, there is a naked girl running from the tree, a hunting loss and a horse are being watched by a dear friend of mine, and she opens her head to a rock before falling from a cliff. Then the camera is zooms because of the boy and we are waiting for his secretary to sign some papers, so we feel just sitting at a table. "Unfortunately, I was defeated in my thoughts?" then says it! Sweet, I screamed over another completely ladder movie. However, if you understand a little French and look at the original title, you know that the "Devil for Seven Woman" has nothing to do with the devil or the victim, but it is simply a shift and mentally unstable during the weekend in the village. This is a sleazy variation of the classic stage "The most dangerous game" about the hobby concerned, in fact, a concern of hunting people? preferably hot bare naked - in the woods for sport. Writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine claimed to have direct contact with the heroine Leslie Banks, the legendary creature named "The Most Dangerous Game," indeed, this is more than a classic change in 1932. Zaroff is probably the son of Count Zaroff, but changed his name for a remote French village. He can no longer be unemployed, so he has an office secretary on Friday and a maniac killer on the weekend. Zaroff is a really bizarre, hallucinates about dancing with the deceased woman, but actually works on his living creatures. He ordered Zaurush's murder to be prevented, but he obviously did a bad thing. There is no depth in the scenario and the installation does not pay attention to exploitation or bad atmosphere. Indeed, the only good thing to do during this movie is to count Zaroff's deceitful girls, and they hope they can reach seven levels fast. Half of the film is a trifling padding image, like an erotic dance movement that is transformed into an unusual black-and-white boy (???), and the other half, though tired, is a growing psychedelic sleaze. All girls are looking at anecdotes. I regret that Michel Lemoine's intention is to imitate Mr Jean Rollin and create a cunning sex thief. "Seven Women for Seven" is a French production, so inevitably Howard Vernon ("The Terrible Doctor Orloff", "Zombie Lake") is named after Jess Franco. Lemo himself, in fact, has a look of a naked killer, but not talent to describe it.
