Above all, I would like to emphasize that the fantasy ghost of this movie has nothing to do with the Dutch folklore story. You will not see a single sailboat in this movie. You will not see sailors, ghosts or something exciting in the distance. It's not a story of a ghost ship, and I would not have watched it or did not watch it because it was really a movie about this legend. The film believes that the film is associated with the legend of the ghost ship, as it is shown on the Wikipedia page for the legend of the movie Flying Dutchman. As you can see, I do not understand why. Maybe it looks like a legend called "The Wandering Jew"? Did he just adjust the worst parts of my legend? The film begins with a sequence of struggle that hopes to have a movie scene. Unfortunately, it is the only battlefield in the film. Then you see Daniel Emilforku (Crank in the City of Lost Children) for two seconds, and this hopes the film will work well. Unfortunately, the film is too bad. The same thing can be said about Italian actor Nino Manfre, one of Italy's best actors, and has been condemned to describe a naked bird smuggling without a single story that seems to be the sole purpose. movie And boy, you need to be smart in this movie! Every character of the story looks like a hugging swimming, hugging others, adultery (or nobility), or slightly less for his entertainment. Each character of the story seems to be entertaining as it is thrown at one point or another najis. As for a Dutch filmmaker, you can think of a great deal of elemental elements in a periodic element that the Dutchman Paul Verhoevé helped to transform the "Flesh + Blood" film into such a great film. The idea of ​​"Flesh + Blood" was that everybody hoped that a film would go in the same way as bad and visually. Unfortunately, unlike "Flesh + Blood," there is no dramatic progress, no fights, good action, and no "Flesh and Blood." Photographical opening sequence is well-behaved and attractive. This is very early in the film. Nicola Piovani ("La Vità e Bella") is repetitive and unfounded in his music (sometimes there is a passion that the actors are dazzled on the screen). It takes less than an hour (!) For a short time to take part in the same film circle around the farm where the main symbols live. Most of the heroes play with najis, drown, play inside. A young boy who longs for a long time with many ellipses, the main character is a very young boy who is very fond of playing najis, aging and more noble. Gushchu speaks a lot to tell the foolish things in Italy. Spanish conquistadors speak French. It does not matter. Everything is mixed and takes hours to occur. Then there is a second movement under the name of "ship" where we can see a long time ago, but now it is a ship (it was covered with cover?). The main character, a little further away from the farm, just begins to escape to it, and it decides that it is really cool, so live it. The knife he used to live earlier tried to kill him, but he really cries because (I mentioned it) is not too bright. He thinks that the ship can walk on the boat and even more as the tailor looks (probably until it looks like a brothel because of Don Quixote style hats), but it really burns the ship, along with the detainee, weakened hunchback. The last part of the film, which is difficult to endorse with the audience, is to fight only the weaker middle-aged villagers, because it is in a crazy shelter. Drowning in more and more torture and dysentery. More precisely, more runs for the filmmaker who denied the job or transferred the second crew camera assistant to perform the rest of the job. In the end, many new Dutch "friends" died in the mind of the Dutch. A woman who is in touch with her husband's wife is trying to get to know her son. Dutch and son speaks. The film has ended with two hours of smoky images and disastrous players and technical demonstrations. Later, the deletion of credits and the audience were so exhausted by watching terrifying films that seem like an exciting thing about fantasy films based on legends. instead of having enough financial resources to fight battles and even horses.
