On the same night I was watching "Scary Movie 4", one of them was disrupted. Unfortunately, it was unable to resist the laughing reform of the Scary Movie franchise for killer tomatoes. When I looked at the jokes that were wrong and stupid, brutal and brutal, when I struggled with the boredom, the last parody laughs loudly. What more did I want than this? Director John De Bello argued that a few growth hormones were very bad and turned tomatoes into killer. But the main purpose here is to collide with the disaster film genre, which is as big as daytime. The scenario is a reminder of stoner humor, and maybe if you take illegal movies with your movie nights, this can be your cup of tea. I have not watched a sober, grown man covered with tomatoes. And this joke is never funny, there is a difference between the Japanese speaking actor and his voice. Some of them can giggle, I did not. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie (for no valid reason) is not explained in such a way that it is almost impossible. . Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop it, bad jokes are told. Goals are targeted to media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that govern our lives today). Not enough is the main point of sale of this film, this border darn tomato, does not really look too much. And when they get it, when they get it, they are played by real tomatoes. There was nothing to me because when I tasted a little tomato package, the body of the action camera burned the magic thanks to the recommendations. This film has the fear of breaking down in the workplace, which would in fact be funny. <br /> <br /> For each scene, one may ask a group of people to fall asleep, but it is likely that this will be an invitation to attend. <br /> <br /> I also can add that some old fashioned human egoism at work. Adam eats tomatoes and eats food, tomatoes eat human and it is a worldwide catastrophe. But this is a way of working the world. As a result of genetic changes in the film, the product deteriorates, but in fact, our product (see Taco Bell) gets worse with negligence. And, like this green onion, the shelf life of this film has ended long ago. There were a few good words. The last shot was really nice, but there was not enough room to get rid of this weird bomb. I'm convinced that a good movie was shot in the depth of this concept, but the violin should be drawn from nearly a dozen writers to get there. And "there" I came to the "Scary Movie 4" level. ** 1/4
