If you are a connoisseur of religious cinema and / or bad film structure, do you have a certain point in life? it is better. You have to follow the "Killer Tomato Attack". This is an inevitable decline, because it is one of the most awesome culinary cult films. A small, but important detail, "The Attack of the Killer Tomato" is intentional. Alfred Hitchcock's "Birds" forced this clear message to be a zero-budget parody, and I will not be able to escape the impression that writer / director John DeBello is not expected to be such a hit. The film distorts the modern popular trend called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and the nature that is common to humanity) and presents the least threatening plant type imaginable as an unexpected killing machine. The farming project of a secret government that produces large and delicious tomatoes is heartily wrong and there are reports of tomato attacks coming from all over the country soon. The president is fighting a conscious enemy, bringing together a special force team, who are secret agents with very specific areas and scientists with horrendously dubbing sounds. The first half hour of the "Killer Tomato Attack" is very entertaining. As unhappy as it is, the appearance of normal vegetables that are thrown out of the zinc and attacking hysterical housewives is quite original and funny. The first half hour also includes many memorable moments, including the tempting theme song "Jaws" and the unexpected helicopter crash (see the trivia section for more details), which was also brought to the final stage. After that, the whole thing becomes an elegant, non-constructive and unsatisfactory amateur confusion. The quality of the jokes is striking and inexplicable and embarrassingly funny, and there are many characters and inferior pedestrians. Personally, I prefer the early 1980s and early 90s (I have seen before I see it) because they are a bit better than the production values, incredibly superficial tomato special effects and veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams Family" "), like a crazy scientist. Like Gangreen. However, as stated in the original, it remains a mandatory imaging element at some point in your life.
