*** Warning - this review contains "captions", but nothing more will "justify" this movie anymore. This is really bad. <br /> <br /> Before I get started, I would like to say that everyone is definitely one of these incredible-bad-in-the-fall-and-laugh movies. If you are in a mood and you do not smile, this is a movie for you. <br /> <br /> This movie was found at a bargain in Wal-Mart. The first clue is how good a movie is. Secondly, these lame motion-star stars Dolph Lundgren. There should be a second tip about how good a movie is. I'm still shocked that DVDs have no additional or bonus images on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie only plays. <br /> <br /> Firstly, the writer of this film deserves to be tortured and killed. He has one of the worst scribbles written and is full of terrible linen; incredible, fraudulent dialogue; and after Lee's comment on humanity against Lunchren, I will celebrate). The whole film has no sincere sound line. Dialogue and line are hand-crafted, just like a script, and in a completely unusual fashion. The two police do not hate each other, and if there is no reason at the outset, then there is no reason, Lee's character moves toward the edge of the road and moves toward the other side of the car and says: I will not let you go alone, I love you myself !! And I do not want you to be killed! "Sometimes Lee is said to have a disgusting liner, for example, when Lee slipped into a bad man:" You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to die! "Finally, Lee will write a completely inadequate and unique description of the surrounding areas of Lundgren: When Lundgren decided to fight his clothes, when the evil guys began to attack after a random sequence of love between Lundgren and Carrere, Lee told him: "We're going to die, I've never seen you a boy boy. . Yes, he says. It does not matter and is not even possible (Lee really does not see Lundgren's naked, so how does he know?), But the writer threw it in the script. The entire movie resembles a series of action video games, and Lee even admits it. Lee and his underwear only defeat all of these bad guys, Lee says, "Wow, this is like a video game. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the plot is cunning. , which is largely absent.This film is an IMDb watch that looks like two police officers trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza's withdrawal from Lost Angeles, and the film is really deceptive because it does not have anything to do with it, , but the whole film ACTUALLY turns around a poorly written attempt to revenge the death of his parents for Kenner (the character of Lundgren), the only Yakuza leader (usually Yoshida), who is only 9 years old, All plot can be summed up in such a way: Yoshida wants Kenner to die, Kenner wants to die in Yoshi, and both want to kill each other. And of course, Kenner's sarcastic sidekick (called Johnny and Brandon Lee) acts as an ignorant idiot and Tia Carrere is naked. twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst parts of the whole film. The dialogue is so unreal, and their subtlety looks even further. <br /> <br /> Finally, we got into the heart of the movie: it was a very bad move. This film has a very awesome, incomplete, non-realistic action series that are just terrifying. He began to adapt to all of them. Lee also incorporates Lundgren, the vast majority of horrible actions, despite the fair share of the wrong scenes. For example, Lundgren, with four to five kung fu bad guys, does not give up. Later, when he was surprised by an accelerating car, Lundgren was grieving and throwing him over. Or, when it comes to a closed door, he takes the camel on the other hand, pulls it back from the door and throws it away? Or, when choosing Tia Carrere, a glass of whiskers moves slowly through the door and leans to Tia with an armed arm with a one-storey height, but does it use the whole car as a barricade without the least effort and bullets? And all shameless guns are terrifying, Lundgren and Lee instantly kill every bad man, and the bullet raid of fifty strikers does not look like any of them. Of course, to the final battlefield of the film. Although Lundgren was able to miss his heart, when the bare chest was empty in a region, it immediately began to fill the lungs with blood and kill it in seconds. Nevertheless, Lundgren remains in the hook and manages to shed it in the middle of a parade with the evil villain Yoshida. Certainly, those who pass on the parade like samurai carry REAL, completely unlucky cataclysm, and these two battles are fighting the sword. In addition to the bullet wound, Lundgren takes a few deep slices of chest and arms. Stop him? No, of course! In fact, after a few seconds of killing, Pis Yoshida (a dartboard-like wheel, and then into the flames without any reason) Lundgren accidentally walks along with Tia and Lee. God, that's terrible. <br /> <br /> After all, these factors unite with an absolutely unnecessary, empty nud scene every five minutes, topless women in the party, an unwanted woman, a striptease club, naked women in a Japanese spa room, and a trivial hot tub and love scene with Tia. We will not go for a strange sushi bar, which is rich Japanese men sushi with nude women. Meanwhile, after defeating the bad guys of Leigh and Lundgren, "Eat fish from these nude chicks!" She says with a very fake enthusiasm. Of course, worries continue at five high levels. And we will not forget the terrible edit, as a villain in a junk yard crashes a person indoors in a car and the editors leave a really clear look in a trousers puppet. Credits also include a large list of stunt workers, which suggests that many moves can not be made entirely by movie stars. <br /> <br /> In the end, this movie is repeated, betrayal. It is unreasonable and impossible and the result is void fun. If you are looking for every thought-provoking movie, this movie wants to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good movie for a good time, this movie will make you happy. As a true film, I will be awarded 10 to 10 films. As an entertaining way to spend an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty gets seductive.
