The funny sound you hear while viewing this flawless version of Jules Verne's classic "Traveling to the Earth Center" is Verne's tomb. The only thing about this 80-minute opus, which is about traveling to the center of the earth. Otherwise, everything in this hopeless production is new and not worth watching. The director actually wrote here on IMDb.COM that he was only traveling to the Earth Center for eight minutes and the "Dollman" horrorist, Albert Pyunun's "Alien from L.A." Kathy Ireland. Undoubtedly, producers fled their money and fulfilled their contractual commitments abroad, returning to Pyunik's film director Rusty Lamanand. In 1969, film director Journey to the Earth Center (1959), directed by Henry Levin, starred in James Mason and Pat Boone, Journey Earth Center, in contemporary times in Hawaii. The two comrades are brought together accidentally for an English taste and adventure of a keen life. Richard (Paul Carafotes's "Blind Date") and his comic book goes to investigate a cave with his obsessed brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith "Strange Science"). Hero, Crystina ("Underworld" in Nicola Cowper), works for an internal service called "Nannies R Us". Crystina's lifelong dream was to become a knot, but he did less than five days of work. Nevertheless, her sympathetic advisor, Mrs. Ferry (Lynda Marshall from Africa Express), sends her to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley, "The Day of Judgment") is planning to plan her next concert, there is a dog called Bernard. Küfr Crystal Bernard wants to have a doggie day spa. Christina waits for a taxi when a guilty motel worker suddenly puts a basket to hide Bernard in Richard's jeans. As you can see, Foul hid his dog in a basket, as the motel's management banned animals in his home. He condemned the dog as a human being. In any case, Crystina draws a taxi and tells the driver Richard. <br /> <br /> When he gets to take the dog, the cabbie gets away and leaves it. Crystina demands the return of Richard to the city, but she has other plans. Fortunately, Crystina finds and unites children in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state that is lost and then ruled by a dictator in the center of the globe. Atlantis leaders have repeatedly stated to their citizens that there is no life on the surface. Our heroes and heroes are angry over Atlantis. Atlantis resembles a disco and everyone goes out of a pank rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis, Operation Hit Squad) is raiding the earth with Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland), the first human clone to visit Atlantis. Undoubtedly, Rikov's plotting is unsuccessful and saved from the day of our heroes and heroes to control General Rykov Atlantis. <br /> <br /> "Traveling to the Earth Center" is a definition. The film looks like a comedy, despite the satirical lines associated with dictatorships. Albert Pound is one of my favorite budgeting directors, but this has caused a slight shake in the science fiction epic.
