The film begins with a manager (Nicholas Bell), a good-looking investor (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project, using the fossilized DNA, such as Jurassic Park, defeats the underlying animal, and some scholars are resurrecting one of the most scary predators of the nature, the Sabretooth Tiger, or Smilodon. The scientific ambition becomes deadly and when a high voltage fence is opened, the creature begins to escape and enfronts people, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the limited area of ​​the security center and are attacked. Package of prehistoric animals, which is fatal and great. In addition, it is a difficult fight against a security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and his companion (Brian Wimmer) Smilodons. Stubborns, of course, are real star stars and, while incredible, are surprised at heart. Giant animals are frighteningly trapped and the group runs and fights against the most terrible predators of nature. Additionally, a third victim makes Sabretooth victims more dangerous and slow. <br /> <br /> When the film comes out with a moderate hazardous effect on the Sabretoushs, the film brings a lot of blood and frustration, hair loss, and fears. The story presents an exciting and entertaining entertainment, but ultimately it is quite boring .Great animals are the majority of the majority of the computer generators and are absolutely dignified. Crafty performances when responding properly to feed players. Animals are dodging animals, flying on the walls, jammed and bouncing or hanging. And pack a ridiculous last deadly scene. There are no realistic, bloody, and severe assault scenes for younger children. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon include: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ♥ James R. Hickox, Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and ¨10,000 BC (2006) ¨ Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle by Roland Emmerich. This film, which fills winged moments, is directed by George Miller and is not genuine because it draws more elements than previous movies. Miller is usually an Australian filmmaker working for television (Tidal wave, traveling to the center of the earth, etc.) and sometimes a movie (from the Black Tea Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Medium down, down barrel.
