First, comment on what I like about the movie. The special effects were fantastic and very rarely felt as I watched a video game. There, it's the best thing to tell about this movie. In fact, I did not want to mention anyone who read it, even though I could not say how difficult it was to write without considering it. <br /> <br /> I have many complaints about the film, but four basic complaints come to mind. My first major complaint is that the 5-year-old son of Lois, who appeared to be super-powerful, has an "excuse" of Supermen's child with incredible cheesiness. When the unfortunate superpower pushed Lexin's assistant to rescue his mother, he almost rose and left the theater. Singer could have made a better Superman movie without looking cheap gimmicks as a child of a fragile but deliberately super-powerful illegal child. Five days have passed since I watched the film and still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next big complaint is that Superman is raising a continent that has been dumped out of space for kryptonite. It does not come from a Simpsons comic book boy. I do not know how much Brian Singer reads a comic book, but Süderman has the power to stand up when he is exposed to a small kryptonite. Everyone who intends to fly to the great island that has been slipped out of its great weakness has nothing to do with any Superman-related projects. The concept is as ridiculous as Dracula's film, which has a share of the heart of the character and is still spewing a sparkling sunrise from the garlic. What can Superman eat kryptonite? She cooks and then brush with her teeth and then go to sleep kryptonite pajamas. Therefore, it is no longer absurd to lift a continent to space on the kryptonite continent and then fall back into the central park or re-enter into a spinning atmosphere. <br /> <br /> The author of the third major complaint admits that all films are facing religious symbolism. I have to consider the question of Superman's characterization as the only son of Jor-el, as a God sent to Jeremiah to be a savior. George was not all wise, only a scientist. He did not send his son to the ground to become a savior, he threw a rocket and struck sadly into space because the planet's explosion was planned. If Brian Singer sent me to Christ to place the earth in the Bible, he would buy Christ's algebra, because Heaven began to explode, and then the radioactive fragments of Heaven became the main weakness of Christ. Moreover, the "Crucifixion" scene, which Luthor's Superman thrust on his side with a kryptonite "spear," wants to wipe my face off a bricks without seeing it. in the near future pushes steel man. <br /> <br /> And while speaking about Luthor, my latest complaint concerns Singer's Lex Luthor's description. Lex Luthor is more flawless, miserable, cold-blooded to avoid the world than to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; He wants to be responsible for not harming anything. But Luthor, we see Superman Returns, as well as all previous Superman films, is a ridiculous theater dunce that comes with super schemes to destroy the world. If the singer showed the least loyalty to the previous supermen films (very terrible), this film can not be such an unobtrusive transvestite. Perhaps Singer's next project may be a Batman film that focuses on Batman's interpretation of the 1960s television show. ZAM! WHAP! POW! <br /> <br /> For self-review, I do not know if I hate it much, it does not appear to be a good thing for a movie or many people. Everyone justifies their ideas, but if you do not hate this, your ideas are wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone you read to avoid watching this movie. Do not buy, do not rent it on DVD, do not give it any money at all. This movie is not worth the money. In fact, I think that for anyone who sees this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you are a Superman admirer and really want to see this movie, you will be able to bend and hit one of the balls in one and have the same experience without losing 2 hours of your time.
