Okay, we do not mix here. If this is the consequence of the re-establishment of the original fright classic, does this mean that it will automatically re-establish a specific horror classic? Wes Craven's original "The Hills Have Eyes" is not as common as it was then, is it a hope? Was released somewhere in the mid 80s? one of the most unpleasant and most unnecessary fear movies ever made easily. The two parties had an actual plot and, in effect, reused their original works in order to further the success of the strange and provoking organization. Craven also wanted the dogs to suffer from dogs suffering and painful memories because they had lived in a bloody battle with dogs, one of the loyal German Shepard's mountain hillbillers. There were many signs of dissatisfaction that would indicate an accident that occurred later on. Has the reconstruction been only a year ago and is it still a continuation? The incredible speed of his speech raises the question of the quality of the scenario. Need a little more time if they want to come up with a frightening, dangerous, and disturbing movie? Alexandre Aja with his perfect film changed the overall idea of ​​the remakes of horror, as well as the courage and the mind that changed key elements in life, adding more strange heroism than anyone could hope for. In addition, Aja is a very talented young filmmaker, and the French itself has immediately distinguished it with the classic "High Tension", but who is this new director? Aja's "Eye of the Eyes" was an unexpected hit, but also appreciated by both experienced and old-fashioned fears, as well as young and over-interested target groups. It's a really good movie and it's not difficult for one of them to come up with a striking quality of Aja's pressure hits, even though new clutches and sequels are inevitable. Given all this, I also did not think that I had enough of a dose of individual suspicion that this escapade was not as terribly awaiting afterward. The scenario rhythmically and clichéd is a terrible fodder, with a small number or even no hips offering a large number of symbols and describes how it has been traditionally destroyed by strangely-looking strangers. After the first film, the US Army set up a camp in the middle of the New Mexico desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear experiment in the 50s and 60s. Scientists and researchers make up a tasty start to the ground floor of the groundbreaking warriors for the survivors of the deadly survivors of the radioactive test. <br /> <br /> It could only endure their last military training when it was time to release food, but with aggressive humanoids living in the remains of mine. <br /> <br /> This is largely slashing with calm characters such as a stupid enough to act as an easy target to leave the group and kill, even after losing some friends. It's easy to see how one of the soldiers, especially one of the soldiers, is watching video pictures of a 3-year-old son of his three-year-old son against any kind of violence and how to do it. "Eyes Ey Eyes II" completely disappear? as expected? peculiarity, logic and acceptable circumstances. Mutated miners are not as intimidating as their colleagues in nearly a year, mostly because they are not organized this time, and act like prototype monsters that only drool and sexually abused. You are an amateur GI. We do not feel any sympathy for the "heroes" of Joe and the eyes on the hills, which is less attractive and attractive than last year's original. Especially, this is the second movie, first of all, fierce and strange! Sequels often compensate for the lack of impotence and the lack of surprises by the addition of bloody and even more cruel killings, but this is really unbreakable compared to the patient's predecessor footprint. Bloodthirsty has some scenes to provide horror fanatics? mainly to show off soldiers from the cliff or shoot with their own guns? but, unfortunately, there is no warfare or virulant dog attack. What a shame! If, in fact, it does not exceed the real level and / or the level of uncertainty, then what is the purpose of the future? Fortunately enough movie is never magical or unnecessary, and you will enjoy most of all the things that you do not feel the most delicate! For example, the wallets falling from people's bloody heads and women who do not have any muscular force have been shot like tough soldiers and? my personal favorite? appointment of a soldier with a disability to manage radio communication.
