Reconstructing Eyes of the Eye last year is one of the attempts to update the inaccurate horrors of the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed an amazing character to develop on the level of development and the appearance of average and wild and all the flawless photography and production design when violence began. <br /> <br /> "Solution has eyes" and was one of the few people who thought it was better than the original, and was expecting a second visit to the darker and cruel world. 2 'seems to be a mere attempt to transfer money to franchising, which has been released a year after the original, with little or no idea of ​​its quality. Jonathan Craven's scenario could have been written a weekend and it was likely to take into account the speed at which the movie went to the cinema. While desert mutant mythology offers something completely new, every hackneyed genre in the book flies back into the cliché. When I was replaced by the army of the War Army, I always had a disappointment. Soldiers are always so lazy and never succeed with cross caricatures in any failure. In my opinion, the "Aliens" were just a movie to make such a transition, according to James Cameron's talent, not just to direct the best action signals around, but to the care of the audience. It was really supported by very talented actors. "There are 2 Eyes on the Hills" Martin Weiszin is not James Cameron, and has no talent or even meaning to make TV party shots on carton cuts, which is a breathtaking thing. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, each character is a broad and general cliché. They behave as though they were illogical and acted as though they were ridiculous and seemed to lead them to unimaginable deaths. The last half of the film is just an awesome sad dark-corridor scenario. <br /> <br /> The Descent> (Sam McCurdy, coincidentally worked as a cinematography), most derivatives of these series can be realized with genuine originality and tension, but there is no such innovation here. / 'The Hills Have Eyes 2' is a very lazy movie that lacks any lag, tension or surprise with an individual who is interested in producing an individual quality product. This is a constantly anxious and tedious pretext, and it is desirable to spend the rest of her life on Blockbuster's bargain.
