The Hills Eyes II, one of the most senseless and clear stupid marks to come in for a while, makes the perfect 90-minute movie. Or worst, but decide to look. Although Hills' remake of 2006 is one of the best and really scary horror films of the year, then every spark produces something that has made such an achievement. Part 2 never goes away from the ground and, in his view, does not have a dialogue setting. <br /> <br /> A family that has lost a place in the middle of the New Mexico Desert since 2006 has been selected by a crowded and sadistic hill. As a result of military tests, those who had atomic bombs in their land years ago, are. Save the traveling travelers. Then he puts the viewers in the desert, now they are secretly occupied by the military as they explore the hills and what can happen to the poor family. When a group of military trainees are brought to the camp, they see that they have left no sign of life. When it comes to the realization that they are not alone, an angry truth comes to them quickly. <br /> <br /> Does not accept a genius to understand that the existence of the prison is not a valid cause. Last year remake was surprised at the fact that the money to be earned still continues to be high as it was well received by both the cashier and the critics. This is an incredible and ridiculous structure for this time around, with no ambiguity or reason to lead to unheard-of-fiction, inadequate killings, an incomplete story, and curiosity. Initially, the director Alexander Aja Craven made the cult classic a recurring and recurring experience. Someone crossed the line more than once in a horrible way. Sincere violence, sadistic torture, multilateral characterization, and white-blend blends have been used to shock and shock the people effectively. The second time around, rehashed al-me-downs. There is no style, no sand. <br /> <br /> Unlike some movies, because he has prepared such a feature film, he really tries to tear off the bodies that are able to be there. <br /> <br /> Deformed mutants seizing women for breeding purposes do not pay attention. This is a hole, a lot more. The 'hills' have no bites. Although there is a jump or two places and there, there's nothing scary about this great number of horrible flirting. You see a Sci-Fi channel with only one F-bomb, here and there, as a graphical birth scene that is heavier than a blood splash, aggression and shock. It's cheap. And with 'Tepeler', plan what you sew. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja with Martin Weisz was the first big mistake of the film. All his work draws on any emotional resonance film. But the shocking thing is the bad writing by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven. You ask, maybe it is bad? This is a kind of dialogue, like Shakespeare. Craven took a fair share of the clunchers in the past, but I never expect anything like that with him. I wonder if Craven plays a joke on this subject? Or he pushed his son out of the studio to pay for it? The characters of the film are the heads of one dimensional conversation, with no emotion or thought. Acting is so bad. The only thing you can do is Napoleon Naples, a child who is not compatible with others. Even a year ago, the seemingly innocent and instinctive cunning figures we found in the deepest part of our thoughts were indifferent. You do not hate them, you do not like them. Honestly, he could not care less. As in this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you are not afraid of the "Carpets Eyes", I will have a hard time getting this garbage taste. Generic has a total of like it and we have not seen it several times now, there's absolutely nothing here. I can not say enough about this situation, the plague is like 'Hurry up Eyes II Wait.' Fearless, uncertain, confused and in a hole. Touch the original look of Zengin or Craven. Because if you do not go out in the first thirty minutes, do not say that you did not warn.
