The Munchies archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) begin the deepest darkest Peruvian expedition (which looks like a land road to me). Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec buildings are actually the center of control of spacecraft, and he is trying to prove that foreign-life forms are going to Earth. Once upon a time, such a structure found a strange little creature that stuck to its bag and returned home to the small Sweetwater in California. Simon feels that the creature is looking for it, and decides to leave things as it goes on to share his discovery for some undisclosed reasons. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine van der Velde) to take care of this. Simon's brother and fast-food trader Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman again) will not earn money from his brother, but grows back to separate small creatures, which cause a lot of fury among the urban population, but a knife, but struggles with his son Dude (John Stafford). <br /> <br /> Worst of all is the worst scare comedy ever to be run by Bettina Hirsch. Lens Smith's script is very painful. Every joke in the Munchies runs away from the target by the unlucky shaft, and I doubt that it will appeal to adolescents even in humor from this piece. As far as I'm concerned, Munchies does not even have a funny or even funny thing. The main story is that they only know what this vitality is, what nobody has seen before, how to handle learning English and so on. The whole thing is a great Gremlin (1984), rip-off with none of the elements that make this movie very good. The character is moronic, stupid MP (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil embarrassing wigs and fake mustache and Melvis (Alix Elias) and much more. They are just plain embarrassing and ridiculous, I deny everyone to find any one of these treacherous debris funny. <br /> <br /> Author Hirsch clearly worked with a low budget and shows that everything happens in two houses, the desert, some caves and miniature golf courses. This is really a cheap and inadequate movie structure. The real effects of Munchies are really terrible, if one's camera does not draw a string attached to her arm, and only infants with no action. I can not emphasize how bad the effects are, these things will not please my 4-year-old brother (it has proven the world with me yesterday!). Generally, this movie is not frustrating. <br /> <br /> Technically, movies, terrible, bad special effects, barefoot design, trash kits and good are just like everything else. <br /> <br /> The guys are really bad at all, but they are rotting to Korman, who plays the role. to make sure that I will not stop you, but you have not warned! Instead of my advice, you can watch the Gremlin, but it's your decision!
