Cashless curing of cash cow francs. Generic superhero flick. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood's "A number of incredible events". The combinatorial repetition of archetypal scenes combines with the rightly convinced assertion that the formation / abolition of arbitrary associations. I do not expect Shakespeare here, but the cliché of the minute counter is beyond the maps: when you look up to the sky and screams in front of a murdered girlfriend kneeling beforehand. Renegade military commander. Predicted pairs of crosses. Revenge was searched for his murdered lover. Delete memories. The evil character who discovered morality at the last minute. After failing to defeat them in the matches, failures in failures in nemeses. My darling is not really dead. Lover actually acts as a spy for the heroes arch-nemesis. Girlfriend / spy really falls for the protagonist. Good people are working as an antagonist to rescue family members abducted. The treacherous does not deserve the promise of reluctant workers. Older couples care for the tired heroes and are killed for their troubles. Some deaths that are prevented as a third person come to the scene before the blow grace. The hero unwittingly joins the secret state body. Refusing the elite squad to protest the killing of the innocent. Scientists can not control the machines that kill the victim of their creativity. The outdated but beloved government's "secret weapon" is better designed but kills an innocent heir. The hero moves away from the accident and puts off a gas trail behind him. After renunciation, the corrected heart monitor receives a pulse. The evil master sees the hero's plans as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy, because "it is better than that". The sheer comic relief character gives you joyful imaginations and unusual interpretations. Cheerful psychopathy is accidentally deadly in the dead. Goliaths throw each other directly through walls and other physical traumas. People send weapons with weapons other than the armed sword. The laws of physics, biological and chemical law and health have been temporarily abandoned. <br /> <br /> I can talk about it many times, but it just runs out. If you live at the age of twelve and do not sit in your mother's basement, there's nothing here for you. Trustworthy enough, it's not too far for superhero movies, so you can not get enough genre, all the discount I've written.
