Officially, the nation - Hou Hsiao-Hsien, has little idea of ​​it. <br /> <br /> According to Oxyana, it is possible to get a Japanese pop star Yo Hito instead of in Japan - at the end of the song, at Rockin's "Curry," as a girl who serves as an "actress" pop star and one spent Tadanobu Asano, usually a good quality indicator, requires nothing to do but stays around and looks like an angry Asian hipster and is even too old to handle. <br /> <br /> Houin's philosophy? Life limbo is a great thing, feels and moves. I would like to do it, but Hou does not give us anything to feel at Cafe Lumiere. Tokyo Circa In 2003, Life's mild photographs and people think that night is the ships. daytime, unconnected, each of them has a target, usually a dark tunnel or a bridge that is lucky. Yikes. Shanghai's flowers are one of the rarest, technically and admired films of all time. The same director, who creates the opening shot of the film, features the 12-person actor who frequently talks to a machine gun with about ten minutes of ten minutes - impossible directing - two of these laconic sub-Jarmusch realism porno movies. Millennium Mambo can be dead weight, but there are at least two big shots: Attractive images of Haw's true calling as Odilon Redon's film equivalent: These are sexy scenes with arithmetic lantern lights and Shu Qi under a blue corridor. His M.O. Café Lumière seems to eliminate two big drawings from the Millennium's Mambo to create even more consistency. If it sounds appealing, do not become a judge. <br /> <br /> Xu sensitivity is not needed - you can not improve the limited thinking of Shanghai flowers. It is necessary to extend and extend the clichés to liberate the intrinsic expressionist and the genre of the genre, which are so delusional in minimalism. It's time to rebuild Akira's or something else's live activity. The actor's original film, which is supposed to be genuine, is for a long time and speaks with monosyllables because Hollywood is the ultimate point of safety, gait, and durability as the motion block. (What is the relationship between "reality" and people who can not speak?) It seems to me that in 2005, not only the big budget films are different and the ideas of Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong , and now it is safe to say that Michael Bay is superior to Hou, and that's really sad. <br /> <br /> Good news is that while Hou was in the 50s, he feels as though he had even begun. There are a few moments in this movie, when talking about children with faces of Hitoto goblins, while still showing the word of an early moody bit in the book when the bloody sunset in the room crashed. But fear can protect him, but it is safe to repeat and repeat the same movie, as he is the savior of the movie theater, Hou, Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, and Berlini's lover. and almost anywhere in the film festivals, and people are striving for your speed twice. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words or perhaps three of them: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you cribbing yourself out of any terrible fraud that wants to raise your own dark tunes forever. Insult your shirt with a fantastic epic, sell it, do it wrong, but leave public criticisms to people who are blind and non-hearted. Express your self-esteem your talent. Otherwise, you will not be able to leave anything else.
