Especially during the II World War, I missed the spectacular views of Japanese life, compared to the great work of Yasujiro Ozu, a film criticizing the universal realities. When I saw a number of prominent films such as "Son Bahar" in 1949 and "Tokyo Story" in 1953, I was convinced that Ozu was a special gift for delivering the kind of feelings that emerged from the inter-ethnic conflict through elliptical stories and delicate images. Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsienin's 2003 film is a long-awaited desire to respect Ozu in his hundred years. <br /> <br /> Hziao-hsien, along with the co-screenwriter T'ien-wen Chu, does not hold the required emotional weight, which can make the icy pacing tolerable, although its visuals look right. <br /> <br /> Story Yôko, a Japanese writer, returned from Taiwan, where he studied in Japan, and investigated the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in the middle of the 20th century. After a 25-minute character, she said she was pregnant by one of her Taiwanese students. At the same time, his friend Hacey, who controls the used bookstore, threatens trains and looks likely to fall in love with it. Hsiao-hsien combines a series of shooting long-term shadows that make the appearance of this delicate line. Along with long silence, there are scenes similar to those. While these techniques fit the Ozu style, Hsiao-hsien can not explain how Ozu works with maximum fluidity and minimal theaters in symbols of characters, especially in the drama of Yoo'nun difficulty, to overestimate the reaction of his parents, to show great interest. In fact, the whole film has an inexhaustible atmosphere on this subject, which will make the movie ineffective. <br /> <br /> The audience is invisible, but not memorable. Tadanobu Asano Haci, a password like J-pop music star Yo Hitoto Yôko brings a natural ease. Most of the other characters, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo da Yoto, were registered as parents. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing provides expertise, even though the Ozu films do not keep the camera stable during the shooting, despite the cardinal infringement. Hitoto speaks of pop songs used to finish his loan, Hito-Shian. An hour-long French-made documentary "Métro Lumière" on DVD, is a contributing context from Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It is composed of Ozu films, especially from the "Equinox Flower" movie, although it does not mention parallelism with the film "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", UPS. Also, Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien's remixed clips, as well as trailer for the movie.
