CREEPSHOW 2, George Romero's (Lost) original, is a bad result of CREEPSHOW. Because Romero's next Romero-directed film, Romero is the only one to continue with Romero, he has great shoes to fill those who think he is God. I did not care enough about the first movie, and I was pretty funny, and later did not want much. The film series had so much potential, but both films were brighter. The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was just three stories (except for the story) and the first story was believed to be just about half of the movie left * chances to be really good. I saw CS 2 in the movies and the first segment was a real scary. Something dramatic with George 'I can not move' Kennedy is automatically condemned and the Hindu Statue story is very hockey and it just does not follow that sequel. Thus, after a truly stunning and boring start, there were two other stories to turn the start up fiasco back and, unfortunately, two stories were not big enough to forget the first story. RAFT and Hitichiker are moderately successful at the intermediate level, because the other two segments have moments, yet they are straight. The last two stories basically extend for a long time. I do not want these stories to occur at the rapid pace and speed, but the two good ideas in these stories are that the sidewalks are slow and full, and because the segments are in need of more energy, with more harsh and shocking discounts. Also, the last two stories did not stretch to the film's pad, or all three segments were better edited and shorter in direction, so they could add a fourth story to the team. <br /> <br /> There are only three pillows for a four-tone celebration. <br /> <br /> It's good to work and write in RAFT and HITCHHIKER segments. I love Lois Chiles in the last segment. This is perhaps the best moment in MOONRAKER, beyond Bond Girl's role in Holly Goodhead and NILE. However, its role is sometimes difficult to understand, even in the direction of service and groundless story. Do we need to hate it or to be sincere in it? Need to get bored with an annoying autogal? When Hitchhiker's body was discovered by other people on the road, what happened when Chiles attacked? Is he a ghost or a zombie? How did he abandon the other people who were found dead to attack Chile at the end of the body? Not all things are so clear to even a supernatural story. <br /> <br /> Rustam Ibragimbekov said this is extremely boring and unacceptable. The characters would be more interesting when the players themselves played. None of the actors are convincing in their particular role. Paul Satterfield seems to be smarter than the calm he has played and the actress who plays her girlfriend is not as convincing as a typical slut prostitute. It looks very scary. You can talk to two other people who are playing the same "straight" teenagers. The idea of ​​killer oil slips is interesting and creepy, but not well executed. It should have been a fifth character for a story, maybe a homeless man or a lady sitting around the lake and a savior who knows the oil filter and can be an alter ego of a wet monster. As the oil slick creepy, it does not make for a charming "character." And when the story is over, everything seems to be meaningless. <br /> <br /> Always seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in a theater, except for some titillating aspect that seems worthwhile to the calm, was mostly money and time loss. CS 2 is more than just what you paid to see the big screen.
