We all sat there with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing when we were scared and how bad it was; As a result, she goes on crediting and everyone looks around and writes, "How to make such a movie, which gives money to make this movie a feature film." The good Jigsaw film is not so, but instead of asking how this budget is budgeted, you are interested that artisans are hitting the sun. Yes, the Jigsaw is quite possibly the worst movie or made, it comes from a man who is seeing the Campfire Stories and the Fever Lake. The film begins in some sort of college class, but I'm sure of what kind of class, but it is a class of art. Now, these dorks have been given a final project by their idiot teacher, five of them were given models and they designed in any way they see fit, and because the other students in the class have only five pieces, because A is sufficiently enough, only six students There is a goth chic free A, so it's good for him! A week passed and five students plus a teacher and a hillbilly husband met at the bar and finished their projects, put their pieces on one another, on their heads, arms and legs, and how they chose their characteristics, and now these creative geniuses used the week for the full advantage, a saw blade, another with a shotgun, a flaming ceramic on his right foot, some magazine clippings on the left, and a camera in his head to buy with some glass flares for the Hellraiser 3's most fierce mo-hawk. After they beat the holes in them about all their features, now the drunken teacher says that it is necessary to burn the name Jigsaw, now called to burn the teachers. Now this point has been the standard horrible film fair, bad player, dialogue and everything else, but it is still quite good, but Jigsaw then takes turns to the worst of the things in the fire ... Jigsaw is coming live .. ask me that writers he did not think anything worthwhile for two pounds of valuable molded plastic (his wife, fatigue bar, traveling voodoo priest, everything could work). As for Jigsaw's life, he uses slow-moving newcomers and creates confusion with the use of rough fingers. First, it is more important to have her face in front of her decision to drink beer beer off at a distance, this man, who is getting a hot chic, kills a cool guy with a few barb wires. Jigsaw, with her, hit her sexy girl on her face and then suffered a heart attack with a slight twist of an old man's head, and then she saw a bad-looking south woman and then a hillbilly husband; Jigsaw then kills nerdy man with some headless deception. Did Jigsaw remind you of his victims that he took his body parts to create a human version? No! Yes, there is no such thing as being negligible, and even does not make it bewildered, and even do not show it from the poor creators (perhaps trying to create a detective from the color of life) from the edge of the torso. After the five men were killed, the teacher and the nerdy girl remained, and the teacher showed that Jigsaw needs one to finish his masterwork, because he is still uninterested in the work of this torso. So being cowardly unites her daughter as a victim for the Jigsaw, who comes to the teacher who has not seen the teacher just seeing the electric buzz. This movie does not end in a freaking movie, even seeing what happens to the teacher or what happens to a girl, even explains how Jigsaw cleans himself after his death or burning. This film is as shame as it's seen, only 71 minutes, which is a small part of the day; For a lifetime memories, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you! Judge ruled, Jigsaw is only watching if your plans to quit your sexual organs are performed.
