This movie really disappointed me. The player's shamelessness. It's incredible. And about the actors. The story is incredibly clear: A group of independent actors play Passion Play and, in turn, live their characters. Thanks to Netflix, we've been watching many movies lately. This is the first one that has not followed all the ways for a long time. I felt I did not need to see the end; We all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, this "modernization" of the Gospel of the Bible is either secret or clear. As I have not been raised in a Christian church, I can not say anything. Undoubtedly, I am growing up in the United States and I am increasingly in the Christian culture. I'm pretty interested in Jesus and about the modernization of religion, better or worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but it's similar to the most conservative ones. I just wish this was a better movie. <br /> <br /> From this point of view, most people praise the Arcand's direction and especially cinematography. What liked me. The film itself is very prudish and preachy. I did not believe in the identity of the characters and did not participate in any of their life on the screen. It's a game inside the game, and I think it's the weight of the real-time production. But next to this point. What I really need for this work is to prove the development of films and support the philosophical and theological questions of the film. And music choices are open and uncertain. <br /> <br /> These two easily distinguished examples. First, there is a rebuilding of the parable of Jesus who manages the money from the Temple: A Magdalenian playwright, and a model and dancer who plays for commercial purposes (many women in bad producers and audiences), by breaking off his pants by himself. He throws it out and leaves it all. I think the film is at the level that it wants to reach. Romanticism between these two is completely arbitrary and completely emotional, and the scene is played as a Reseller Death, that is, not good, but as a high school. Please stop hitting my head with this high-handed "importance." On the other hand, it is the link between the other woman who is leading and demanding the game, and ultimately opposes the priest who betrayed the Church today. Why? Why is he sleeping with this guy? "It makes him very happy and makes me very sad". Ah, sacred prostitute and lovely old suit. It is enough to show that Arcand does not have to worry about enriching and reviving these characters. <br /> <br /> According to some reports, a few days ago, watching this movie and asking for Passion, taking into account all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, is an amateur and gimmicky celebration. It is free to confirm all your biased thoughts and see any part of the artistic integrity reserved for monotone drivel. But do not say I do not warn you.
