The film "Rois and Reine", like many fans, is an irritating film to many audiences. Older lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) are in the focus of attention as each one now faces a major crisis in their individual lives. Nora's story is a laugh, especially when it is played straight and playfully sounded, though it is not particularly funny. Nora's crisis leads to the sudden death of his father, Louis (Maurice Garrel), and suddenly imprisonment in a mental hospital at the initiative of Ismail, a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are only two of the men who form the life of Nora and, in turn, are the two most prominent men now married to her first lover, Pierre and her younger son Elias. Past and present events are played for the audience and it turns out that when old lovers are involved in one another's life, it can gradually become less reliable than the first look at Nora's personal life. Cult director Arnaud Desplechin has created a great strange here. It ceases the deliberate conception of understanding and dramatically improves the film with a number of dramatic changes in mood and tone. This approach was based on the main idea or subject, but it is clear that the Desellers' film is really what? The grave deception of Greek mythology and Freud's teokraty is explicitly interpreted, but at least it is useful for non-school filmmakers to clarify and interpret the characters' lives. At other times, treatments can be used as kitsch, anodine can be used as theme design for "Moon River". <br /> <br /> Spoiler alert ** is not a very original observation of how we see ourselves, but can be radically different from how others look or what others think of us. This idea is most clearly exposed by Pierre's violent death and the revelation of Louis on the secret agenda, but, unfortunately, Pierre and Louisin Nora in both cases. It appears to be a deception in the Desplechin section, probably thinking unwittingly, without showing it clearly in the natural course of the imagination. One or two dark surreal touches, the majority of people who are frightened in fear, suggest the existence of an unknown, but unconscious world, but they still feel as an ambitious intrusion of filmmaking techniques than the eruptions of a deeper truth depicted in the story . In fact, according to the deepest thoughts about all the severe symptoms, heroes are not secretly developed and disrespectful, as if they were codes for many ideas about more people than their creator themselves. Most of the details of their lives are arbitrary, not organic. For example, Ismail, as we recall, is a viola player, but for no more than two hours, the effect of passing through or hearing before, and the instrument or profession that he chose is never prepared. Thus, it can also be a marine biologist or trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric, unhinged but ultimately sincere Ismael brings a certain manic charm, but I found Devos cloying and monotone (possibly deliberate but difficult) as Nora. Meanwhile, Ismail's father, Jean-Paul Roussillon, has psychoanalysts like Elsa Wolliaston and Magalie Woch, who has been a psychologically injured but most influential actress who acts as a Sinologist. <br /> <br /> Catherine Deneuve also has, in her role, less than a self-referring cash register. <br /> <br /> Finally, "Rois and Reine" is a taste rather than getting. If you do not push your buttons, Desplechin's intimate and floral approach will show animosity and animosity as you watch a bit.
