This is one of the "insects / ecosystem" features; A theme that is popular in the late 70s. You just can not really say it horribly. There are zero-voltage and no horrific events. In other words, this movie is quite bare. This is not really bad or anything; it is very boring. A building area near a hotel opens a large slot of ants. Later, we learn that they have been poisoned by different types of pesticides used in the past. Some people are over and run to the hospital, and they are wet to see what happens to the hospital. Robert Foxworth is doing it for the first time, and then you can beat it with a drill that looks like a few hours. Then they are waiting to escape from home. People, you have to do all they can to save them. Not too exaggerating, but at one point they even use a helicopter. When I watched all this, I thought, "Come on, people, shoes, get out of the building, but I'm convinced that some of the ants will not stay with you." Of course, many of the creeping ants throughout the film show that they are approaching. Ants in the garden. Ants in rubbish. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in trench. And the best part is: When the actors breathe through the strawberries, they look at people's faces. But when you see larger groups of ants, they really look like black rice sticking to the walls. <br /> <br /> A little surprise has come to an end. No, it has nothing to do with a twist in this area. Only Brian Dennehy was the chief ceasefire. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This film has been promoted in Lakewood MANOR, but my boxing art was reading ANTS and the title was opened at LAKEWOOD MANOR at PANIC. There is. Now, since it's a movie made for up to 70 films, it's going to be extremely soft in my last rating. Now SAVAGE BEES, since 1976, another 'insect against humanity' film was much better. Even after seeing ANTS, I have to go back and add some points to my rating. The only thing you want to leave after seeing ANTS, tension, movement, excitement, stroke and frustration, is an annoying bird.
