The film began by entering Wheeler's girlfriend's apartment. It would not have been a pleasure to associate Wheeler with his aunt (Edna May Oliver - a very talented person for this film). Teymur has decided to move this mild young lady away from Wheeler. After they left, Wheeler invested a revolution in a small kingdom of legends, because they promised to be his king. At the same time, Woolsey was in the same minority mythical kingdom, and he reigned. Thus, when Wheeler came to fight boys, they refused because they were friends because the people were surprised because killing and substituting kings were national entertainment. <br /> <br /> The silent era of the 1940s - the excitement of comedy from the Golden Age of Hollywood. Though I did not have thousands of these films, we looked at hundreds and looked up, and yet, despite my love and admiration for these films, the only comedy team that could be as bad as the Rider - Wheeler and Woolsey - Brothers! In Hollywood (shortened due to early death of Robert Woolsey), I would not be able to help but in the short time, but almost every other successful team had the same basic ideas, but better. For example, there were many elements of this movie reminiscent of Marx Brother's DUCK SOUP, but it still made me laugh, and DUCK SOUP was a foolish and very pleasing thing. Sometimes he talked a little like Woolsey Groucho, but in his jokes there are no punchlines laughing away! In fact, he was laughing as though he were. His only comic quality was that he was in confusion - there is not enough reason to put him in the movie. In addition, Wheeler is a piece of cheese pizzeria comedy appeal - a piece of cheese that sounds too bad! An open opportunity was then the old Vaudeville routine, known as Abbott and Costello, as the "first ones" seen in this film, but there was no spark or time span. In fact, after the sudden start, they just came to an end, because you had been disappointed beforehand. <br /> <br /> For the first time, "the first one" has been for many years and I knew many teams were using it, but really, Wheeler and Woolsey wanted to give her a fair shot and give her a twist. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-par film for this duality. I liked a little movie (like SILLY BILLIES and the RAINMAKERS 6 for my IMDb), which was a great endurance test to complete it. often seeing Wheeler and Woolsey movies. Where are all humor?
