"The Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. Every time and after a while, the movie is deleted from the scamper list regardless of whether there are new movies with Paris Hilton or documents about American Idol stars. always returning from the beginning safely. And why? Unlike the majority of those listings, "The Bat People" is a legitimate pornographic film and is worthy of anywhere, regardless of media influence or the internet! This is not nearly the worst movie, but the key concept is definitely a certain attraction and ingenuity, but it's hard to imagine it all is still to sit. The scenario is exhausting, totally unnecessary tangible images and gigantic gaps, still the main characters still remain common foreigners throughout the film. Except for a sensitive scenario, the movie also has no spectacular killing sequences and makeup effects? although a young Stan Winston courtesy ?? until the end of the film remained undefeated and largely unprecedented. The title of the film is not a mistake, because "people" are referring to a great many, while the story is actually transformed into a Bat Persona. More than Bruce Wayne, this Batman plays in this movie and he's also a true Bat-cave and Bat-mobile (stolen ambulance)! The area offers a young couple in the caves, which examines the honeymoon weekend. They set off from the tour group they led and ended up with a bat that protected their spouse from deliberate attacks. When he is disturbed that he may be infected with rabies, he is exposed to intensive care in a local hospital, but he still slows down his becoming a bloody bat. The night kills random people and loves suspicious police sergeants, while his lover is still overly convincing because of his stupid behavioral reaction to allergic reactions. Of course, honey! Explaining that battles will attack people and that John will always become a normal person at the dawn of a new day will never become a constant state of bat guanon. Basically, the "Bat people" is a change in the good old wolf, but obviously not very interesting. The concept has shown many potentials, but in some ways the sub-areas are furious monsters instead of the center of foolish drunks and distorted sheriffs. Some settings and outsiders appear to be impressive, the wrong song playing on credit is strangely appealing, there is a beautiful bride in the world (finally!) And the main actress Marianne McAndrew (though). This is a 100 list of 100 lists below the really bad and boring movie and I hope the sticks are somewhere in the area personally. The list will not only be felt without the "The Bat People" and will not be traditional.
