Hi Mary Lou: The Prom Night II starts at Hamilton High School in 1957. Here, Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) deceives Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis) and Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson). Bill speaks and is unhappy, but at the same time, Mary Lou is declared as a whale queen in 1957 and takes the stage to accept his award. Bill still wounded and decided to play a jokes at Mary Lou, a firecracker at the scene, but still keeps Mary Lou's coat on fire and keeps Mary Lou in the fire. After 30 years & Hamilton High will soon hold the annual evening. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now a director and a teenager named Craig (Justin Louis), acquainted with Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon), and also thinks he's going to fish. Bud (Richard Monet) is now a bouquet, 30 years ago fearful night, both Bill and Bud. One day, Vicki looks at the basement of the schools where he has discovered a large body, and this Mary Lou's revenge spirit is set free and is set to run away from his untimely death in the idle time, when it appears to be a bad act for being crowned as a queen of the whale. First, the death of Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), the death of Mary Lou Vicki's body, begins when the night is approaching. He wins when he tries to score after a competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terry Hawkes). Mary Lou, in Vicki's corpse, climbed the High Ball queen, allowing her to return to create an unexpected appearance and to actually revitalize the party ... <br /> <br /> The original Prom Night (1980) & Bruce Pittman ' Hello Mary Lou: The Prom Night II is a particularly good movie. A script prepared by Ron Oliver is more focused on supernatural elements rather than cheap propaganda, if it depends on what you expect from a good or bad decision. Personally, I have not dressed these different elements in really good or not. The whole movie was slow to be unpleasant, and Mary Lou was killed until half an hour after the opening sequence of another one, and then an animated film, Meryem Lou, who had finally reached the film for about half an hour until finally filmed, until a defeat. You have come to admirers of the fear movie that you have been waiting for, to get the impetus for the leap of the man, the clichél's "killer was killed and then ready"? Do not expect that just five, or even no, graphics will appear throughout the entire film, though Monika (like Beverly Hendry, like Beverly Hendry) seeks to hide in a shower room. blood leaking. Hi Mary Lou's supernatural side: The Prom Night II has been portrayed by Mary Lou's controlling objects at Vicki's latest stage, featuring multiple creepy shooting of a swinging horseshoe horse with Vicki's first watch, the wooden booth turned into water and zombie hands are pretty good as you drag Vicki into the hands. Hi Mary Lou's slasher side: The Prom Night II is not perfect, she pulls out a magnificent liner, and she has not gone to kill enough people, but Mary Lou loved herself as she prepared for a good deceiver. Oh, & yes, I get homages for almost all the other scary movie directors of the character's share names with many, this adds nothing to the obvious movie, but I think it's a nice little touch. The player is good, but normally safe Micheal Ironside asks what he wants in this business, and if he continues to work, he seems missing and uninteresting. Do not forget about any body, some hanging, stabbing with a knife on the screen, someone torn with neon light, a computer crazy and somebody's face (!) And Mary Lou comes out of Vicki's body first of all is a pretty cool one like a rotten zombie in the scene. In the girls' shower there is also a full frontal nudity shooting, if it's yours. To give a little credit Hi Mary Lou: OK to watch the Prom Night II, has substantial production values ​​and is generally well-prepared. Overall, I was disappointed with Mary Lou: The Prom Night II was slow and ultimately worried about protecting my interests within about 100 minutes. I'm not sure if it is worthy of a 3 or 4 star rating, I'm going to give it 4 because I think it's not wrong with it, and I'm sitting with the worst movies, but that's really my fear.
