The genuine psychopath, who is really worried about living in a cave, John (Gary Kent, Michael Brody from the booth) closed the camp, which made a mistake in the desert in the desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis), spouse Sharon (Tomi Barrett, late real-life spouse of Gary Kent) and Teddy (Ann Wilkinson) themselves. In order to prove a point, Gals decided to head the desert area in Los Angeles. Teddi, killed in Judah, was soon killed by Teddi as Sharon died, as men were delayed because of the truck's heating. Do not be afraid, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives a very unusual help ... John's spirit children! True, John's children stay in the wilderness, spy on those who are in the army, and have a special love for Sharon, which helps to direct him to safety and to his friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter in the cave where John lives, without falling into the bottom of the darkness. The meat that burns is really Charlie's wife, Teddy! It is not known that Charlie eats food and finds out the places where John proposes! Anyway, sooner or later their worries about their spouses came, and Steve and Charlie set out to find them as morning breaks. Along with this, John goes on a hunt for battle with Charlie, Steve and Sharon. When Steve is exposed to a fractured relationship between the two massive rocks on a flowing river, he will only be disabled by increasing such a nightmare scenario, bringing his young friends upset with Sharon to potential safety ... at some point his father will not kill him. <br /> Of course, it has become one of those thoughts. In the National Park, California, the tower of these barbed trees is at a great height, and I'm looking at the rear windows for this purpose, for some strange reasons, Jones's adoption did not have much to do with the atmosphere ... Using John's knife, he has a number of disturbing attacks (though he's smartly drawn, Jones's camera) actually offers more than what's on the screen, yet he still understands what John is doing to the victims. Seeing innocent people killed by mania, terrorism in a landscaped landscape, the city's people are trying to spend a few days in a different place to find a smell of clean, fresh air, the taste of a beautiful appearance, just a creepy predator with a terrible knife That's the way the beast is By giving a back story to the other, Jones allows us to witness his memory in finding his wife's jewelery and reacting accordingly (.. she is a seductress in the desert looking for her children, "kidding" who wants to punish them), killing her and her lover refrigerator repair). The sad and depressed children committed suicide and are now "pursuing" the desert, which is now interacting with themselves or with whomever they choose. It is such an innovation that children who are confused in the caravan are unique and appreciated by some, but have found me to find something very sly and very serious. They help the heroine survive several potentially dangerous situations, but it was hard for me to avoid uncontrolled control. The music and performances I have found in the 80s have never been so sweet. I would like to say that we can react to their situation, because it is very scared to find yourself in the enemy territory, not being hunted by someone who knows the area well. In my opinion, the film will not be able to stay in touch with you in many ways. FOREST has the above spirit of children (.. their voices while talking to Sharon, their father or each other). Gary Kent appears to be a badly muddy mudy nicknamed George Lucas and has lost his humanity. As I mentioned above, violence is still not as impeccable as director Jones can effectively cut off many knife penetrations. The killing of Teddi is the body's funeral for the destruction of the corpse, the destruction of which is largely removed from the surface of a large stone near the place where John stands and stabbed several times, trying to get away from the predator). I've seen that this kind of slasher movie is better and worse, and sometimes it's the best, the best tool with the effectively painted scenery. This is not particularly memorable, except that I really do not have children.
