This dark and almost 80s slasher's name, which is almost forgotten, reminds Cure's mega-smash-monster hit song, so this reminds some of the words in the headline of the user commentary. There was nothing else to say that it was useful to me. But hey, "Forest" is completely desperate and, in fact, not bad. If nothing else happens, at least the slide of the 80s is not the first rule: kill someone in the first 10 minutes of the game. Because you've heard this movie a few times before, the "The Forest" has a few things to offer in the form of an attractive as a bad cover, so do not let it keep you from watching it. In fact there is a bit of an atypical 80's slasher! The main characters are not ordinary juveniles, and the scenario has serious ambitions to reign. The concept is not always successful, it is not only inaccurate, but it is interesting enough to draw attention, and there are some striking moments of striking and insidious connections to enjoy. Two married couples decide to go camp in the most isolated trees in California, but women are traveling apart from their husbands because of a foolish bet. However, they are set aside for a night, looking after their two children, their children, and finally the man who hunts human beings. A naked family can be real or imaginary, but women are in constant danger and lost their husbands. Men are also facing family, and they are learning a little bit of dysfunction. "Forest" is a strange and unusual movie to say the least. It is not a masterpiece, but a totally strange atmosphere, appealing to open-minded fans of the 80th horror. Film shootings and filmmaking locations, including a sore throat and painful slaughter, are strikingly striking. If you think more about the story and its inconsistent twists, my advice can last for only a minute, but this extraordinary viewing experience can be used. The audience is moderate, the music is good, and at least the director of Donald Jones (responsible for more than 70 career-guilty "chain schoolgirls") has tried to be a little more creative than most of the 80's horror films. Too bad, ultimately fails.
