Recap: A mysterious thing that transmits radio signals is found in Antarctica's ice. The mysterious block was dug and a research station was brought to Antarctica. An old SETI-employee, Julian Rome, is brought to encrypt the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old girl friend and the situation is worrying about other female researchers practically. Together with the inside, the ice blend unmistakes. Soon the object is lens. This mystery continues when the object generates large quantities of electricity. It was decided to open the object, but before doing so, Julian broke the signal. "Do not open." But it's too late, and as soon as it's broken, the object bursts and two things happen on the earth. First, it is a dysfunctional object in the object, and the other one is a virus that instantly kills researchers. And Washington, which is suspiciously raised on this historic event, can not bring these things out of the world. Antarctica is dispatched to a Russian nuclear submarine carrying nuclear weapons. <br /> <br /> Comments: There are a few surprises in the film. One of them is Carl Lewis, who is surprisingly good, and the other special effects are good, well-done and better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has many surprises and this time is not a good way. In fact, sometimes there are plots that the movies seem to have come from coincidentally related scenes. Why it is not really clear why Washington has been able to comply with Russia's submarine forces, why Washington has been waking up and down in the Antarctic territory. Indeed, the fact that the alien zone is understood in the English language is truly amazing. Someone would have initially explained his displacement and language skills (and clearly why he chose English). But then it turns out that the good aliens, who want to rescue the virus from Earth, do not "open the code"! <br /> <br /> This film is a little fun, but it must be directed to fill the gaps in the area. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
