I was bored. Yes it is true. I really did keep it here. In no way did I bring it to my horror, but on the other hand it was a hearty experience in the heart and darkness. Such a trim, the minimal budget Indie's minimal idea of ​​production is not bad, but it's a mixed confusion, and at the end did not do anything for me. It's amateur and simple; it wants to exploit this justification and to do it in a fashionable fashion. There is a documentary scanned (handheld) camera everywhere (although it's a valve), and it's sometimes hard to figure out what's not clear and stupid. You have to use it lately, but there are times when it is very annoying, and even becoming annoying. It will help keep her. There are five teenage girls in the context of late night playing a soccer game and missing on the back roads. They are engaged in an accident on the road, which breaks an empty SUV lantern. Frightened, suddenly the light SUV does not last as long as they are seen and soon they play a lot of time-consuming, noisy and unstoppable cats and mouse games to make their nights an unforgettable experience with terror. <br /> <br /> "I know that depends on some moments of pain, despair, and demented cruelty (with good use of piercing sound FX that seems to be more preferred over the image and do not forget the background noise effects) snickering, which can be gradually miserable, but difficult to convince.The casual characters' injuries do not seem to be as serious as you do not believe, but see how the blood works freely but is not convincing and can be shaken. it can do a lot before repeating.We have been followed by shouting, spewing, bleeding, running, curse, body fluids, etc. Very unpleasant details have also been followed: very few things need to be done with a stronger script, Many sad moments came from him There were not many things to do for the characters and the circumstances that they were in, and that he had waited for a long time and that it was a long time. It was an unexpected example to help. <br /> <br /> Performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch, and Mia Yi are those who work with betrayal characters and draw on an original chemistry to prepare the script's vulnerabilities on a characteristic basis. Veronica Garcia's steam-eyed intensity was something like a SUV's hood driver? Yes, something. The real motivation and insecurity of his character to insult the girls are actually void. I think it was good enough to be psychologically. Now perhaps the most sad thing I've ever encountered was that terrible soundtrack. Horrible techno music, hard-rock cheese and many indoor seals. I have never felt too often or left, but it remained like a wound. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen try to make the best use of their lightweight resources, but end up being so flawless with extreme delusions. Maybe it was something unpleasant, but I did not watch it.
