The story happens as follows: A small town girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her husband in the big city. When he comes, he is not as faithful as he is. Katie ends up entering the New York adventure. Filling the bike guards as comedy and charming mishaps. He fell into a hole in the ground and thus met with charismatic good boy Ben (Luke Wilson). It is not love at first sight, at least for him, but for the rest and Ben, it will not be easy. Being a "fair" small town girl and a few bad management in the building firm decides that it is a perfect blame for their cunning plan. There are some misunderstandings with cheerful and sad results. <br /> <br /> People who are judging this movie are often mistaken. Sugars are sure and fit and the story is well developed. Relationships between Katie and Ben surely naturally make God Almighty embarrassing. Very talented Jessica Simpson is surprised by a powerful role she can repeat. Simpson is really ours today's Marilyn Monroe (even a scene that respects him!). It's perfect, between sensitive and unkind. Katie really shows us that she can not judge a book! Luke Wilson is always charming. Even if it is fertilizer that will be attractive to everyone. Its light touch, dog dog eyes, and retardation make it difficult to resist. Andy Dick plays the role of being one of the two diabolical managers. It can not really be underestimated. The power of performance is its limitation. Noteworthy is that many actors will only run away and play for cheap laughs. This guy is gone! <br /> <br /> As a result, film director Scott Marshall has created a clever and often comic comedy, which is intended to be classic as well as masterpieces of cinema like Epic Movie and Norbit. Everyone on this subject is Kudos, especially Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and heartfelt laughter would have made even a tough person go out with great enthusiasm. You can be tough, but you're not that hard! Everyone who wants to clean up his feet and see a romantic comedy is warmly advised that it will once again be honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack rocks! <br /> <br /> Now if you can not get it yet. I'm a shiver. 1/10
