A film about repression is a movie that will be slightly silenced in style and tone. However, there is a difference between tracking members and the promotion of narcology. Film director, Alan Rudolph, starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, plays "The Mystery of the Teeth" as close to the pillow as possible, resulting in a movie that does not think much of a metaphor for teeth to get married. <br /> <br /> Scott gives a wonderful performance in the role of dentist David Hurst, who is married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly builds up the dynamics of their relationships - he adheres to the daily duties of being a parent, he is sadly disappointed with a painful family life - then Scott may or may be touched when touched by his wife with another man. From this point on, the film draws attention to the fact that David is likely to face a possible adultery with his wife, Dana, or that he can defeat him with fists and was not released for good. Davis is from time to time looking at an imaginary "friend" from an old patient, Denis Leary (borrowed by Brad Pitt from Tyler Durden's "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> Although Dana's intentions and Davan's uncertainty to test her, two-thirds of the film is embarrassing in a topic or narrative. Instead, Rudolph Hurst is slowly traveling through the family, creating a dramatic drama of fire, leading to a faultless hospital visit at the peak of the film. The film does not give David instructions that he really does when he does not care for his family; Despite Dana's dangerous balancing action, Dana does not spend a lot of time with her passion for family life and more. <br /> <br /> Rudolf chooses to spend most of the film bothered by a shotgun, killing his film. Because the fifth member of the family showed sweating and illness, the film used all the good benefits of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana cathartic have repeatedly denied the final score. If nothing happens in the last hour, the result seems to be resolved and perverted. "The secret life of dentists" is a common subject, and there is nothing to develop on it. In general, it's a disappointment, a movie that's not worth the fantasy.
