So, has this come true? Like adults who have agreed to prevent kinematics and celluloid abilities for the next generation cinema? Wayans and Co. the latest addition to the motion picture scenario; Dwarf. This is the UK P.G. (Parent Leader) should be accompanied by a responsible, adult certified movie of up to twelve years, nowadays the episode of the worst downscale situation since cigarettes are "erased" from the images of film characters in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Most of the juveniles who sit in places where they are not under the control of the minor, obediently, taking everything, have forgotten the theme and the partially growing features of the little man at least partly. Films are generally better than this poor attempt, but the nervousness is still young and fresh, but the greatest fear for the future of the movie is that the child's ignorance is not just a juvenile age. The film is worth more than that and, therefore, grows, and the audience is similar to those of the young cashless cows. There is no cinematic experience here, there is no respect for the magic of films. "There is nothing but substance, shortcomings and shortcomings, in fact, the Hollywood machine is less likely to be less tolerant and parody than anything else, <br /> <br /> It's like all of the money that Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner leave from their graves, all of a surprise, no doubt talent and attraction for excellence and quality, great We have never had a bad taste with Wayan's works yet, White Chicks (2004) had no doubt in the American bourgeoisie. that the two leading heroes played are very confidential , all recognition is not available, which is a good film, and it is actor Terry Crews who brought to the Aga. <br /> <br /> Gonna Git You Sucka as my 1988 1988 movie with Blaxploitation films, , it can be seen funny. and a heavy-weight movie, such as Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. Considering that the Little Man does not have any personality, he is calm and narizistic; he can quickly withdraw money without any price or value, and hides himself before we know it. trade is poor. After Scary Movie (2000), no effort was made on where the money was spent, everything could only go, but heartbreaking, great value from the artistic value, and no doubt that this courageous film would be repaid by Wayans "they have created the genre of the film by themselves; drowned in the film parody, splashed every street and their inevitable style. They slowly slowly penetrate Kino's past hundred years of domination, the dreams of past films, the growing audience, bubble bursts, and they can also be understandable.
