America. Liberty, hope and imagination. It is a nation that has been striving to achieve democracy, prosperity and peace, and the well-being of all mankind since independence. But at one point, the Americans just wish they could stay on the Atlantic side. <br /> <br /> This "movie" (and I use this word in some words) is in harmony with these sensations of intense purity. Hell follows this adventure, Calvin's adventure, a seductive thief created by attaching Marvin Wayan's cut head to the body of a two-legged high dwarf. A woman who is inadequate in a Vanessa pouch and does not want to have a baby, Calvin understands that she needs to groom her up for the restoration of the diamond. Like any normal person, Calvin dresses himself as a 2-year-old and places the park on the poor woman's gate, where Vanessa's brother Darryl finds. <br /> <br /> Although Darryl has a 'baby' teeth, welding, tattoo, knife scar, and a 16-year-old sex drive, Calvin's disadvantage is to disguise her. old More foolishly, Vanessa does not see past Calvin's baby clothes, and actually tries to absorb a defiant deviation. This bad attack on the soul of the humanity is trying to find humor, scatology, sexual assault and pedophilia, but in a fraudulent attempt to turn itself into a "family-entertaining", Wayan brothers are sensitive to sensuality and defective morality. <br /> <br /> Brothers are trying to rebuild Freud, stating that they are a "bad father". By repeating Darryl, Calvin also allows Darryl to develop a loving father-son relationship that he always wants. This is quite ridiculous, as Calvin was sexually assaulted by Vanessa, who was so selfish to entertain himself with a successful career, and instead, she played the role of a minor woman in the house, alternatively squeezing her babies and eating her husband spend time. <br /> <br /> In this film, the Wayan brothers blended their gravel and twisted forms, alongside the cliché emotions inflicted on most of Hollywood's new business structure. In addition, they are endemic to the present generation of African comedies that are responsible for transforming the African-American humor into futile jokes and transforming into a poor and unhappy shade. By power these two laws are like a camera far away. Unfortunately, the existing artistic and moral maladjustment of the American cinema will undoubtedly attract two successive months and earn millions of dollars from merchandising contracts linked to this month.
