<br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa are watching the Lion King. Timon decides to return before the start, when the story begins. So they return. Back way. Before Simba was born. Far from Pride Rock, where Timon's retirement is back to his old home. The Meerkat tribe pushed underground ground to hide from the hyena. He was a self-centered Megerkat, named after Timon, the worst clan earner. His mother regretted it, but Uncle just shook his head. She proposed that her mother be appointed to office; Timon was somewhere bigger and better in the place. At that time Hyenas came Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed and killed poor Max Uncle. It did. Other meerkats only wanted to remove Timo, and Timon abandoned himself. So his mother kissed and started. He did not go far away from home. Then he met Rafiki and taught him to look more closely at what he was seeing. Timon did not give any clue as to the continuity of this, and he met a warthog named Pumbaa. Timon and Pumbaa met together, but Timon declared his friends, not his comrades. <br /> <br /> They soon came to Pride Rock, where they have all the zebras, antelopes, wildebeests, rinoceroses, giraffes, elephants and many plain animals. we collected. What would it be? Timon did not care. They pushed. After Timon saw Rafiki, Pride Rock raised something unseen in the air. Then all the animals brought a bow. What was it to honor the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had gone through the gas and the animals had fun to cover their noses; Timon and Pumbaa are testing a variety of new homes, but everyone is bothered by reading or reading a big stamp of crochets or wildebeests! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly flock to each other. When he reached the land, Timon decided to give up. But then they look at the new paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fall as far as the eye can see. Timon, after a strange statement from Rafiki, said: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa suddenly run out of bowling for buzzards when they run to Simba. They carry her under her wings and become father figures. They teach him lying and eating spree. Soon, a teenager gets Timon in a snail spray competition at Simba. Simba won, and Timon was ill. <br /> <br /> One day Simba's childhood friend came to Nala. Timon and Pumbaa knew that they had violated friendship. Suddenly Simba runs away. After that, Nala and Pumbaa race are not Timon. She chose to remain in Hakuna Matata as she gave her a meaning, and she combined her comrades in Pride Rock. Tim's mother and uncle Max arrived. In Simba Scar's battle, Ana and Max digged a huge hole to destroy Hyzias Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. Scar was thrown out of the same pit that he had eaten many times. All is good. Mom, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats live with Timon and Pumbaa in paradise Hakon Matata. So far, Timon and Pumbaa are suddenly looking to see Mom, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki again. <br /> <br /> Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, Mart Hare, Gin, Aladdin and Jasmine. 1/1 part of the Lion King was not as good as I expected. It was ridiculous and foolish. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. There was a serious story thrown by light comedy. It was just foolishness and mocked him. I'm lying, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are superior in many ways. Overplayed to the point where it is too boring, no longer ridiculous. Original voices: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Big Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Czech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. There is Julie Kavner as Uncle Max, like Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller, in the TV series Too, The Simpsons. Anyway, this film is not the King of the Lion III and II, because it is already II. It passes through one part and after the second part. Accordingly, 1 1/2. Ultimately, it's very funny and frivilous because I come to this challenging Lion King fans to die. But kids will love it, so I recommend them. I hope this is LISTA LIFO KING. Two are enough. "Lion King 1 1/2". <br /> <br /> What do we expect from Disney giant manufacturers? <br /> <br /> -
