The author and his crew led the Beal palace, isolated to capture a horrible film in the budget, about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family last century. Even with the president's warnings, the director does not pay attention to the house that was cursed. One of the crew finds a book based on the Tibetan book of the Dead, and some of them use it for their own writings. <br /> <br /> Let's also note that when they get out of the grave of Kyrgyzstan, they get out of the grave. <br /> <br /> Boredoms, embarrassment and shedding are all like one, half of which is horrifying at midnight. Something that feels like an eternity never sees that it never comes out of a good idea or demonstates it. Despite the fact that director Paul Harrison has set up a few heartbreaking, moody and atmospheric sets in bare, tense, But laziness made him early. All movies in a movie structure take the most part of the movie, and nothing at all will be of great interest at this point. Not fun either. Think of Bob Clarke's idea of ​​"Kids Should Play With Dead Things" (1972) and now we have bigger players. Nevertheless, I found that the "Seven Chickens" were low. The pre-written script has many cutting elegance, first released with so dull, predictable and many unfulfilled facilities. The cheap stock associated with a limited set of things did not help, but the darkness of the dark appearance was creepy. Outputs from the famous b-cast are tough. John Carradine lurks mainly in small part. John plays Irish head coach, Faith Domergue's wash-up actress needs attention, and Charles Macaulay has turned this into action. Slow disintegration was between "On Little Indians" and the ordinary zombie structure. But it does not deal with all its hidden and supernatural strangers. Hell is in a cemetery, there is no power. Gives a rotten ghoul look? finally, but a bit late. It's a bit strange, it's a little better. As the divine opening, the end is very unpleasant. Becoming bad, dragging continuously. In many scenes, sustainability is unavailable and death scenes are more interesting and bloody (but really badly executed) in their movie, and what happens to them when the zombie appears. Generally, noisy, noisy, noisy noisy, but with open Gothic desires, the camera is staged with a misfortune. Drag and frame. Drag and frame. Work done. This is a dressing.
