It's really a bitter kind of movie challenge that is actually really sucks. I usually like these things! Stunning sound heads and rods shot in the early 70s generally with a low-budget, fierce atmosphere of ROCK. The cast of the "Seven Hell House" seems to have given more foxes, because the genre of genres (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and filmmaking places (titular home, cemetery) Terror is acceptable for a careless tale. The film is opened with the greatest and most amazingly memorable series. Credits are perfectly fitted with freakish color effects and horrific ice cream frames, reflecting how the titled house is showing the notorious element. The last seven owners have been killed here mysteriously, and the last moment of credit installment is wealthy. Someone screamed down from the balcony, drowned in a woman's bathtub, and another woman climbed the ceiling and four more tables. The terrible behavior of Mr. Currine (Carradine), who has been cursed by the house, is only to strengthen this reputation. In other words, the house is the ideal pillow for the devil's horror movie project for famous director Eric Hartman (John Ireland). The film set up in the film causes the "Seven Corps House" to be boring and exciting. Many of the movie materials are spent on crew members drifting around their cams and taking pictures of the camera? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay describe horrifying, uncompromising actor stereotypes. When the site is reading some lines of a secret book and accidentally awakens the corpse in the backyard, the plot is finally a little exciting (just mind a bit). Astmatic (according to his noise) zombie slowly leads home and kills all movie crew that remembers the previous seven bodies. After about 60 minutes of operation, the film suddenly becomes strange and surprising. I'm still not convinced if the last twist is related to the reincarnation or coincidence, and the remaining characters seem to be exposed to great intelligence shortly before they die. The "Seven Corpses House" is a terrifying movie. Places and scenery should be neglected, but they will not have a full impact and are a serious shedding of terrible bloodshed. Nearly 70 budgets with a large number of budgets are in confusion, so there is no excuse for the lack of financial means, and the crimes inside the film are not really counted. Even reliable veteran stars always perform smooth performances, and Harrison's direction is completely dull. Undefined, the fourth half-minute opening credit is worth the effort of buying a copy, without thinking of zero cool playing.
