Okay, I did not see any other merchant fleet (distributor). I have not seen the more prominent works of the director, as my ability to discuss before the rain is reduced beyond the film's own analysis. <br /> <br /> Rain is a different film that does not know what kind of genre it is. First of all, it is ordered to be romantic. In most romances, he falls in love with a character that supports the protagonist, separates the supportive character and is sometimes associated with it. The protagonist of this film has already won the heart of his beloved, but can not be with her. His name is Henri Moores and his name resides in southern India during the days of Sajani and Raj (British Empire rule). Henry has been in London for a long time and loves his Indian daughter with her, despite her marriage and her outer child. What could be better than this? Some guys often sneak up for the daytime when they see them. Sauri's husband spreads his question to her husband. He denies any relationship, but Moores asks him to leave the area. Sajani declines his commitment and committing suicide. Please note that these events take third place at the opening of the film. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered when the Moores family arrives. Moore's assistant English-speaking assistant T.K. T.K. She knows the Master's job, but she keeps silent until her life is threatened. He is trying to restore his honor by killing Moores after being declared innocent. T.K. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, it's not a romantic movie. DVD cover and theater posters show an Indian woman and a Caucasian man covering an idealistic tropical setting. This image is directly captured by the film, but soon disappears. Then it's over. It seems like an effort to take advantage of the Western definition of short-term love. It is not effective at all. The film is not just a romantic, but its symbols have no personality. They pack picnic stickers. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not know the intelligence of Indian friend T.K. T.K. breaking down between her heritage and her educated history. Sajani is a woman who can not choose a romantic life. Of course, the Moores family is interested in Sajani's death, but still some Indian racist. If the voice is not very serious, I'm ready to address these problems, but that's not it. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Nandita Das, who plays Sacani, is part of the beautiful Indian drama, and even the director Sivan is influential. She has recently checked out Terrorist, part of Roger Ebertin's "Big Movies" collection, what happened here, why this movie is bad, Sivan said, inspired by Israel's direct link to Red Roofs. , the story was "eternal" and Sivan tried to create a similar experience in India in the 1930s, but I did not have any problems with this approach, but Sivan could have been motivated at this time, and actors could accept cinematography and design designs, but before sharing the Sivan aura you will probably not enjoy it., My advice is to match it with you Thinking about what you're up to and looking at something else. Last consensus: * and ½ to *****
