For the first time, this is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy for several years. For me, "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters" are not as bad, but there are some great flaws. The film was created to show Laurel and Hardy as owners and trainers of the dance studio. Hardy, a dance "London Bridge" dubbed the Fox starlets of the 20th century, and the next room, while the Laurel teaches the ballet to beginners ballerina, while the "railroad" is funny as a lover of dance. A quiet carpet leaks over the floor and Hardy leaves the place where they leave. Later, rivals now sell insurers covering a protective racket. One of them is very young and beautiful, Robert Mitchum. <br /> <br /> This is the end of gangsters and the latest dance studio. The rest of the film is devoted to the support of Laurel and Hardy's boss, Trudy Marshall and his inventor Robert L. Bailey. They were primarily trying to help hide their relationship with their parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont), and Allan Lane, a handicap, is a good pig that we can speak the right way. Dumont, collecting tea for Briggs's secret bar, emerged from a rugged patriarchal rattling bed with a bed downstream. When the Bailey boys help him to show his ray gun, a pandemonium occurs. <br /> <br /> Then, Hardy wants to use an insurance company to earn a living in a dance studio, and hopes to break Laurel. One foot to do this. There is no reference to the fact that insured merchants are robbers and that this policy will be invalid. (Even after their arrest, their licenses would be canceled, even though they were their legal insurers). Laurel comes out of a bus that the driver has left over a so-called lost dog (just an ice-covered, Toto-like cake, or maybe a true cabbage cake), a great beach roller-bus, Oliver put his wheels on pieces. Roller coasters can be as exciting as "Abbott and Costello go to Hollywood" and this is fun, but anticlimactic. <br /> <br /> When completing the story, all this gags is a series that brings together a complete set of accomplishments to complete, and I hope it is part of a double draft law. As I mentioned in other reviews of their subsequent films, L & H had lost their glow after leaving Hal Roach, but surprisingly, they did not look old and tired, as in the same film. year If it was not as entertaining as in one of Gags' other films, it would have been ranked as "2" against "3".
