This movie uses all art house clichés (slow tempo, long static shots, minimal volume) to try to hide that there is nothing to wait here: there is no plot to talk; lead) or cliché (Tersteegen's character), and they do not talk about something that is not quite exciting about each other. The film is centered around a woman who is aware of her husband's adultery. Instead of resisting him, he takes revenge on himself with adultery. After agreeing with brotherhood and adultery, she asks her husband to stop her deceitfulness. They are reunited as a family. Two other story lines - along with the younger wife of the old father of the woman, offer no intriguing events - plan actions that lead to competition with Guernsey and her sister. The suicide of a businesswoman, a woman who appears to be in the film, is the topic of suicide. For 2005 - or another year this year - this movie is not enough to create an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> Besides, the scripts do not use little opportunities for dramatic development or consciousness, and because they are part of a particular piece of furniture from their ancestral home that will be sold for the planned action of the woman and her brother. Both sisters want this special piece and give their opponents in the past - more important things than mebis: men - this theory can lead to a conflict. Otherwise, a sister might be able to resolve the issue by allowing someone else to do the same. In either case, this story will not have a very interesting and original development, but at least it suggests a number of developments. The film clarifies this situation (the two siblings carefully look at each other during shrinking, and reminds us that a sister does not want to pull sticks), but it removes us from any resolution: the scene just ends, and how does this happen? he is very greedy and financially - the issue is solved, it is not shown. <br /> <br /> It is almost entirely out of the question, though, that the dialogue in the movie is hearty and surprising. For example, while traveling to Guernsey, two sisters appeal to their competitors that this childhood is a "trio" rather than "yes". The fight with 2 sisters and the reconciliation scene is completely non-dialogue - a highly artificial, multi-styled and non-realistic impression and significantly reduces the impact. The woman finally - finally! - It should be emphasized that they should commit adultery on one line of dialogue and at the same time absolutely unbelievable. The husband does not have any apparent reaction or if not shown. The woman does not mention her admiration for her husband. The scene that shows a woman watching a woman, her husband and young son on a train watching a belly is probably a happy ending, but it does not make it difficult for characters to settle their lives in the way they did. <br /> Because of the slow pace, the unexpected story, the related direction, and the absurd lack of dialogue, I found the film as an example and a complete loss of everything that could be wrong with a craft movie.
