I like this movie. Maybe I'm just a stupid American, but I really can not get 400 blows. Everything I read about this movie was a rave, but I was not interested. I am convinced that all critics say that it was a revolutionary in filming, but it's really boring if it gets so low. Maybe it's a language barrier, I'm not just "sensitive" or "artistic", but I hate this movie, no matter what. The story itself is not bad; a young French boy who has been treated unfairly by his parents and teachers and eventually ends up in a child's facility. It should have been interesting and initially. There was nothing wrong in the dialogue, but it is still difficult to say because half of the conversations are subtitles and not without reason, so I did not know what it was all about. But for dialogue we can understand that they have enough meaning. Actors were quite convincing, but it is difficult to say what the real person would do in these situations. So, you feel the main character, but only in your sense, when you are in trouble, you think well. The area is not even a typical area. Every time he experiences difficulty, he is having more trouble lately, but the reasons often do not change. And the main character through the whole film really does not know what to do about it. So this is more than waiting to see how it ended. Finally, my head is over. It was a very picturesque way for me, and I did not buy it. To the end, it was easy to lead. The organization was, of course, there, and it was logical, but everything was really taken. The film could have been an hour shorter than the amount of dialogue and significant moments. Not just finished. Part of this was unnecessary long shots; none was particularly memorable; for example, the end was a clip of the main character in the lower part of a country road that lasted thirty seconds. Now I'm convinced that somewhere there was a deeper meaning, but for the average viewers, I would have been up there to get more food. Or at least sitting and looking at this shoulder is a little more useful to fix my laundry or to nap. <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> The director said that What did he try to do? unique decisions. As we know, I've been betrayed for a couple of hours in my life.
