This film "four hundred blows" means a mistranslation.Fair les 400 coups "live in wildlife". Like a French, I'm surprised to see the popularity of this goodness, but it's not a prominent movie. Alain Resnais's "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958), Claude Chabrol's "le beau serge" (1958), anterior "Historically," les 400 coups. "At night, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant- Lara, Yves Allégret, and many others were deprived of forgetfulness. "Egoism" and this hatred is usually "nouvelle undefined" .You have not heard (or read) the great generation of thirty (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier, Feyder), Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder, so Truffaut and co, some people never use French science or forensics (Duvuvierin "sous le ciel de Paris", Autant-Lara's "douce", Yves Allégret's "une si jolie petite plage "and" manèges. "William Wyler went on to say that Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless 3." Les 400 blows "technically very disappointing: too much academic, do teachers are cartoons, and mother Claire Maurier presents such memorable lines (to understand how French is roughly in the 1960s): Your father has only a brevet (secondary school diploma) and I only have a high school diploma for me! It is known that in 1960, 10% of the students were HSD in France! Antoine Doinel should be proud of her mother! She wants her to get a diploma and who can blame her? 4. "Les 400 coups" attaches importance to the new version of Hiroshima mon amour and its comparison with new "fragmented" content. Truffaut's only high-level "Jules" and Jim, helped by the unique Jeanne Moreau. The translation is tough, but when it is expressed in English, it is possible, it is impossible to listen, but soon becomes the most affected part of its offspring. 6.The theme = stolen childhood (Julien Duvivier's "Poil de carotte", Luis Bunuelin "los olvidados") and then (Maurice Pialat's "l'enfance nue", Kenneth Loach's "Cut "Truffaut does not condemn it, its film is not bad, obviously, French films buffs," Jules and Jim "prefer" l'enfant sauvage "(stopping a movie, honest, true and commercial benefit)" l'argent < <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong>
