Even film production standards until 1942, HER CARDBOARD LOVER's gifts are overwhelming. One half of the torture schemes for a couple (husband and wife, old husband / wife) to face the danger of marital threats, divorce or jealousy, humiliation, or something else have become better in classics like HIS GIRL Friday and the Philistine Movement. Both of these films describe women who have a powerful, flawless screen presence and play independent, proto-feminist heroes. In both films, both women were separated from their spouses for the first time, and marrying the same colorless men, both of whom soon would have been bambooed to reject their spouses and rescue their passion. <br /> <br /> HER CARDBOARD CHANGES THE PLACES OF LOVER: here, Norma Shearer at Cary Grant, this time creates an old comrade (George Sanders) Robert Taylor as his gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is not too old to play a more favorable role for a mid-actress, but mid-twenties. Sanders, as part of a piece of furniture for most, is a man who is able to fall in love with his fiancé, seeing a strange man as he is leaving the bathroom, throws the lights out and is a great scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role, as if Cary Gran was trying to read in a general sense, rather than talking half-time. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is the lioness. Consuelo Craydon makes it a totally substitute, overly emotional and extremely funny thing for a player who plays, intellectual sex, and a player who uses the parts that make sense for the dramatic presence. a ten-year-old actor and a more sensitive condition, as it is a very sensitive performer because it is shocked from a situation like water that is quite dry. It only lights up the theory that creates Irving Thalberg's career and its role in the role of his role; Why did VOYAGER and MRS get involved in roles like Charlotte Vale and Ms. Miniver in mega-hits? MINIVER is a mystery, but later on, according to most reports, this time he was just completely burned out of action and was not interested in everything, and it is not a secret that anyone who lives in such things is largely ignored and does not wait until the retirement period or at the end of a contract will be released soon. There can be such a situation here. She looks tired, looks like she's lost, she feels comfortable, the part goes through the autopilot instead. After this film, he was responsible for the discovery of Janet Leigh, who used to be a screen star in the 40s and 60s.
