I could not get most of the time of this movie and what could happen to anyone based on other analyzes. The opening scene of this movie has nothing to do with the rest of the story. A photojournalist with a large mustache stops his vacation away from his wife. Mount is assigned to take a photo. It is said to be staged, but I can not say that he did not hear from his boss or later in the film. On the way, he gets acquainted with a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and assures him to join him on a business trip. Throughout the film, it's a terrific music ball, which is usually noisy. Even though a person really does seem to think that the movie is always good, at least. There is a beautiful mountain view and a very creepy atmosphere. The inn, scattered on the mountain, and silent, abandoned old buildings are very harmful. Smoky nights seem like someone puts an artificial smoke machine. And the idea was not original, but potentially. But nothing improves, at least it is worthless. Here's how, more or less. They stop by this inn through a strange innkeeper with a listener problem (expect this to be called Igor). There is a scene where the writer thinks of a window in his window, but the scene is so dark and I did not know what was happening. It's not known to me that poor lighting or a poor film transfer. In any case, we do not know what is happening. There is a scene where she is walking through the night. Failure will not be explained and his head is not surprised by the witches. Another scene that was never disclosed was when the car was stolen, then found again, nothing was stolen. They are waves in this deliciously abandoned mountain village, a beautiful, old-fashioned woman. There is a chain of people in a never-expanding cave, an attempt to sacrifice writers in a way (whether they kill him or brain her to unite them?), Hallows themselves, many terrible women do not look up to the last 15 minutes of the movie, unveiled white dresses. Even the shutdown does not make any sense. When all is said and done, most people will say "Huh".
