It's hard to watch this movie, and it's so tedious to sit down. Saying that the available text is dark, angry, scratchy, unkempt, painful, lighter, with a seemingly censored and almost unwatchable form. The great need for a good remastering needing to see the film is full, uncut, original negative and good atmospheric (and the director has won the Catalonia Film Festival award), this can really be anxiety. Again, maybe ... But it is impossible to say that such a film is in fact. It is very interesting that you can download a totally unreasonable pre-credit rankings with a little girl called Gerda, a kissing lady. The girl's mother, Carla (Mónica Randall, who has been outfitted several times), splashes a petrol around the garage and burns the torches of the brat. Apparently, like a young Gerda, she gets acquainted with her ex-photographer Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He strikes at work but is helpless to move away from Carla, and calls on his employer to give any assignment to give. He was "sorry!" He says. He goes to the door. Well, Mario is designated by photographs of Mount Halloween (somewhere in Pyrenees, I believe). Before she arrives, she begins to see a fuss on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and takes a few pictures of her bikini. Only slightly tempting, she argues that she would be a writer, two flirt and then a swollen idea if you go on a trip along the mountain. When he stands with his place, Mario can collect his bags, and Mario suddenly hears the high and bad music. <br /> <br /> <strong> Delia claims that she is just what they hear. <br /> <br /> So both of them begin to walk around the mountains by staying in a local barn to spend the night. There they encounter a strange, partly deaf, horrible eye-catcher (Victor Israel), and Delia claims that one of her windows spies. The following day, under some trans, he walked down the mountain and was finally settled by Mario, fired from his jeep and fleeing behind him. When they find out how long they are, they steal someone's wheels and go for a walk, finding a jeep, which is not charged on the foot of a small, old, apparently abandoned village ... someone deliberately tried to make them attractive. This is exactly what we have seen. In the village, they meet a woman who is friends with Zanta (Anne Farra), she is the only one still living there, and she keeps them in their home. Mario captures some of the pictures of a "abandoned" city and develops them when they are full. When a little dissipated, he and Delia go and stuck with the "treacherous" fog and fall into the camp and out for the night. The rest of the film is transformed into voodoo dolls, black cats, sexy women, Satanic rituals performed by women in the columns and fatal to the cliff. And yes, by chance, Carla turns out to be a lying wife and a witch. All this happens in the midst of darkness and, although quite honest, I did not know what hell was doing most at the time. It is said that this plant, which is "open", is an additional slap in front of everyone who suffers with the rest of this senseless confusion. <br /> <br /> Honestly, very good. First, actress Shepard, this great Barbara Steele has dark, mysterious beauty. Fernando Garcia also has a great musical score for Morcolo and sings songs that help make the film similar to the atmosphere. The earthwork is worth the effort, but as I said, pressure can be ugly and it does not beg, so be careful.
