Known as Dares Wins in Europe; In America, it is known as the Final Option, but under the headline, this terrific SAS movement flickers are asking the audience to put up with blasphemy for about two hours. I find that it is very difficult to understand that Lewis Collins (here hero) was selected as Roger Moore's successor in Bond films ... this man would fight to get a job at a candle museum. Fortunately, Judy Davis is a brave lieutenant like a terrorist There is a twelve-storey motion sequence, partly back to work, and a neat orchestra by director Ian Sharp. Let's add that I can not wait for this upcoming alarm to happen too long, and I'm trying to make an honest two-hour effort to do some good action. <br /> <br /> SAS's tough guy, Lewis Collins, is hiding behind a group of peaceful demonstrators who want to end the blockade of nuclear weapons. He meets with their leader, Frankie (Judy Davis), who is a strong, chattely woman who can take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. Frankie's special forces forcefully violently overrun the American embassy in London and demand a nuclear warhead in Iraq (a disarmament campaign believed to bring everyone into the world when witnessed by a real nuclear explosion). Unfortunately, for Frankie, Skellen makes a mistake in raping a small embassy and plans to block his plan with a little older SAS spouse. <br /> <br /> In 1981, the Iranian embassy was inspired by the awesome SAS attack. Someone who reported this event thought he was thinking of preparing a movie on a similar line. Unfortunately, the film is a very stupid dialogue and very embarrassing scenes (the discussion of the archbishop overlapping) is banned by many stories, and the idea of ​​bringing Frankie to a nuclear explosion is at least ridiculous, so the audience is an interesting foe When it starts to look, it becomes a funny figure. Dares Wins strives to be a feast of the military legend of the SAS, but at the same time stays in the motionless stereotypes and the ill-considered cunning. The result is good, but Boyun is a completely ineffective part of his absurdity.
