WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Do not read if you do not want some points that you have been shown before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> Although actors and actresses know exactly what they are, Seeing the screenplay, "Hey, the kind of meetings the Third Kind was approaching would not happen." Unfortunately, no. Did they even think of the director's credentials? Would you like a movie with the director of the movie "The Traveling Devil"? Gregory Clark, who subsequently tried to name the "last justice", did so. Mystery Science Theater 3000 surprised people how to pull 'Final Justice' and completely avoid 'The Return'. <br /> <br /> The film is set up in a small town in New Mexico. There is a small guy and girl on a poor street at night when a powerful dry lamp beam.er.a spaceship looks and hovers them. Probably the worst special effect sequence of the film, the ship emits a kind of red ink. Clark grabbed a luggage from the camera lens and seemed to dive into a leaking pen, so you are immediately treated with cheese. In any case, ship leaves and adults do not believe in children. Elsewhere, when we play a wise player or when I call it, I see Vincent Schiavelli as a great actor like Miner 1949er (see the scenes for proof of "Ghost"). He goes out of the cave and is immersed in a dog and a dog. Twenty-five years passed and the girl grew up as Cybill Shepherd, working with her father, Raymond Burr while learning unusual weather events. Or something like that. Shepherd puts some strange incidents on satellite images of this small New Mexico city and travels there for research. After that, local sources are surprised by him and accuse him of the recent drag-offs, and Jan-Michael Vincent's assistant is in charge of his rescue. From this point of view, after reaching the local population, Vincent says that the shepherd is a small boy who sees him 25 years ago. Despite this pitiful confusion, Vincent Schiavelli travels around with a killer dog near him, hunting the cattle and any person with an unusual substance. These brilliant plastic sticks sell for those who are cunning or curing in Halloween, do you know that you shudder to shine them? Schiavelli looks like one of these light sticks to burn incisions in humans. The second worst hit in the film. Every time Schiavelli was shining with a sticky screen, the scene was suddenly dark, and filmmakers thought they needed to expand the lighting rods. <br /> <br /> In comparison with film shootings, the film is getting even more expensive. <br /> <br /> How much is all this? It's hard to say when the final, confused scene arrives. Bürr and a group of scholars see the shepherd trying to explain satellite imagery as a kind of "card", but none of them is meaningless. Why is Shepherd and Vincent's age and Schiavelli not? Schiavelli explains why he has sheltered and killed people, and why the shepherd wanted dead, but when you really think about it, it does not make much sense. So why does Jean-Michael Vincent not kill him? It was twenty-five years to do that. If the shepherd dies, aliens will not need him, why should they try to kill him? When speaking of foreigners, they never really told the shepherds and Vincent what they wanted. What is their purpose? Why wait for a long time to intervene? How can the shepherd return? To answer any of these and any other questions, he liked 'Return'. Even the worst cracks are really the shepherd, the cheeky effects, and the weaknesses in the weaknesses. Fortunately, the stars fled this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon left to become a star in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent went to dozens of B-films, often in top-up positions. Raymond Burr has raised some of Perry Mason's death from a television movie. Vincent Schiavelli became a great character in many films. Martin Landau, who played Kooky's law enforcement officer, was recently known for his horrific "Alone in the Dark" and horrific "The Being". You can bet that none of these stars want to return to the "Cartoon". Zantara's account: 10 to 2.
