Imagine that when adapting a James Bond novel to a movie, the filmmakers eliminated all the moves and suspensions to make it child friendly. Or, when talking to a television producer Chris Rock, he was unable to clarify his peculiarities as PG. In the same way, the director of the film excited the "Some Things That Come This Way" and melodrama for the young audience was given. This book created a complex of monotony without complications. While trying to write something called "Wicked This Way Coming" by the kids, the filmmakers eliminated the good and bad thing in both of them, and are always good at being bad. <br /> <br /> This is a clarification of Willin's character transformation, Charles Halloway's Jimin salvation and carnival defeat. <br /> <br /> Will's becoming a more adventurous boy has been silenced in the film. Dust Witch's Will's house was cut off from a scene where he visited a balloon. Instead, a green fog will go to Jim and the House and give them the same bad dream about Witch and his spiders. The balloon attack shows that Will's just starting to conquer everything that's all about self-defense. He went to the roof of a neighbor and tore a bowl of balloon, which defeated Wadi. "It's sad, daddy, thinking and sitting, smiling, this time alone." (147) It's time to get us out of this scene to figure out more of us. adventurer. The film shows us many examples to fear Jim, but he will not be as curious as his friend. In the book, Will has both a good and a quiet side and his boldness as "Jim". In the film, each child has a thinking mode that only destroys Bradbury's theme of good and bad in every human being. <br /> <br /> Jim is saving Jim for paying his father, Jim Halloway Jim Jim, because of his friendships, Jim's saves. Jim pulled Jim Bradbury in Jim's carousel carousel because he does not want to grow without his best friend. It's Will's friend, Jim's getting out of the carnival's bad curse. Jim on Carousel "on the other hand has done his best to keep track of some of them, small, white and partly reminiscent of his friendship" (269). This shows that Jim still has the potential to defeat evil. When Charles Halloway kept Jim in the movie, Jimin, who rescued Will when he was a little boy, did so to restore his debt to his father. By changing the motivation to protect Jim, the directors broke their first thought that Bradbury was good at winning against evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film a carnival tornado and lightening is a smile and a laugh. After the book ends, Mary Tox turns into a little boy, and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at her, she does not stop and does not evaporate. In the world of Bradbury, bad people feed their fears and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is good, that good is always better than bad, but if this kindness is expressed clearly. Charles Halloway, who denied Mr Dark, says: "Good looks bad." "I will only do you good, Jed, I will catch you and watch you poison" (275). In the film, Lightning left only one lightning in the dark, and he died. By removing the laughter and the laughter weapon, the directors believe that bad weather is the most effective way to do evil, burning just hit the bad. <br /> <br /> The main subject of the unhappy book is that it is "good" for others to mislead. <br /> <br /> Well every time she can overcome the evil, but the filmmakers should always be forced to try to make more child friendly, and some of them should leave some of their books. In the film, "In some way, this is a bad thing", Will will not change, Will's friendships are not Jimmy, smiling and laughing carnival. As a result, filmmakers abandoned Bradbury's main points. The process of adapting a book to a movie often spoils the world of the writer. In this story, Bradbury's frightening world of good and evil opponents has been tampered with, making it an easier version.
