The best thing you can say about this movie is Sonny Chiba's admirer, and this movie gives him much. Chiba makes speeches; Chiba creates; Chiba's voice; Chiba opens her eyes on the camera; Chiba throws and shoots sushi that lives among a group of bad guys; Chiba sits on seats and chairs and looks thoughtful / seemingly; Chiba drives the car ... <br /> <br /> I like Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... even for a Chiba fan, this movie can be a little too Sonny Chiba. Surely, it's a tool for him. No, in "SF" he plays a relentless, immoral anti-hero and shares the camera with interesting friends and enemies, because I will not place the Street Fighter in the same category. Here, he is almost always front and center and tries to become Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat could not do this for the length of a whole feature film, and Sonny just met his courage. It could have turned into a suit at least for a while. <br /> <br /> The film has been violated by a series of absolutely free and ill-considered (as seen in the American version of the film) and weird joy "(" Viva! Chiba! Viva! Chiba! ") As the latter (or his ordinary English stand) seemed unable to be vocal for the American version, so there is some poor dip in the slightly different voice and dialect, and the weakness of the Street Fighter we know and love. Even with all these deficiencies and extreme disadvantages, it may still be a little classic, but the camera work and the battle scenes are desperate, and the karate is really good if Chiba is characterized as incredible. I believe, but the director and the cameraman have cut off the battlefields with a grass meal and handed over their betting lot of time. It's not all bad, there are a number of decent shooting and artifacts, and at least one memorable night at night when the bad guys really look in the customer's bedroom. <br /> <br /> When it comes to true evidence ... do not forget. For a "Guardian", the character of Chiba is a foolish thing. The scenario depends on the error and error and depends on it to place it (and its "customer") in dangerous situations, and in 30 minutes it makes the most honest decision that this person thinks. it is supposed to have any kind of goodness. (Also, his character was actually to destroy the Japanese drug trafficking, he was taking a 10-minute scenario from his neck until his client was taken away and his teeth collapsed until he talked as a caste ... <br /> <br /> However, this movie is a long way from barrels, yet it is still fun to watch Sonny Chiba.I gave a money to buy off this bargain DVD rack on a local mega mart market and I feel it's worth watching once.
