It's one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen, and says something. Viva Chiba, heard in the viva Chiba's song, will soon be stupid and stupid. The main thing is that the mafia puts medication into Japan and one of them is to stop them, of course, our guy Sonny Chiba. The Karate Master offers service to anyone who can provide information about drug lords. A woman comes forward and she is a knight, but what are her intentions? Is it at this point that cares for me? Soon we are being treated or tortured with a slightly choreographic fights and an even more funny shady story. Sonny cleans the bad guys at the end of the story with the karate skills at the end. Yes, the woman was also corrupt. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of the most horrific martial arts films I've ever seen. An incomplete film is to see how the film is set up in a bad way. Some of them mentioned the pride of the American intellectuals. Probably the most entertaining part of the film and it's not funny. To see when it's time to gather more than 70 karate performances, I'll track its value. Aaron See the banks as if a boy wearing his walnuts will leave, and then a pupil pushes his student into the throat. But in this movie everything is bad. Terrifying incredible battles, fake I have fake blood, bad behavior, dubbing, cupboard, say and tell the story. Should one drug problem in one country be solved? I'm sparing. After the battle, the fight laughs. People believed that karate was effective in combat, but Chiba brought a new level of shock to the film. The bride looks like a denture, and she looks like a violet, which cuts the glass scene, and let me go. It's hard to say what's going on in the battles, because it's too bad. Part of it was fun, he broke the boys inside a door and was given a fracture. OK. While we continue to move, we get the blood smell, really, with fake blood. He said he was very weak and reduced. The player in this movie is absolutely unusual. But as long as it's a good thing, I do not expect much from this calibrated movie, but the dubbing is too poor to be expected. Was not my imagination or dub to the dancer black accent go to Asia? Sometimes, as expected from more than 70 wardrobe, they sometimes laugh at the bad women who are prepared for the unbalanced nudity that causes these trends and confusion. Also, how clearly the mafia looks and everywhere is black trench coats and hats everywhere? Try it now and hide it. The characters were foolish too. One of the Pimp club owner decorates a Japanese pimp suit and looks like the other hip hop that is a delight for the lathe head. The last thing that troubled me in the film was terrifying music with some female whale. <br /> <br /> Generally, it's a terrifying movie, both martial arts standards and a good movie. This does not mean it's not fun. It's hard to laugh with the majority of this movie as the film is so bad. It was an old favorite time with my best friend. If it was bad, they would give a star, but it would laugh at it. From 4 to 10 a.
