OK, there was more hope for this Carnosaur movie, as they were getting better as they went out. From Carnosaur 2 to 1 I felt better. This is a good thing, so why should it be more accurate? Well ... I immediately learned that it was wrong. I've been mixed with castings. They brought Rick Dean to another spot and brought Michael MacDonald back as a police officer. Now for Rick dean lol, at Carnosaur 2, he thought that his role was pretty good and now I did not feel angry with him, and now Carnosaur 3 put him in the hands of an elite soldier. We will not go here now. The film was actually a good weapon battle and the dinosaurs fled there with little freezing trucks, but after the Scott Valentines team arrived, we had a blend of romantic comedy with lots of funny performances of dinosaurs and dinosaurs. First, I'll start with predators, and secondly, they're in the air, drifting their tails, seeming more to a dinosaur who can run up to 50-60 mph. Now, when they ran, they ran back and their heads did not move. <br /> <br /> T-rex was extremely miserable, they would use it better. one of the previous 2 movies. At least a little scared. It always seemed to smile in this movie. His feet were cheerful when he went, all the hard feet and things like john wayne in the old west. LOL saw something that the hands did not move, looked and sounded (the god sound effects were terrible) with their body! If I were now a director and realized that I was working with it, perhaps it would be a little more difficult to hide the negative fact. As for other parts of the film, it was the tallest and most fierce military I've ever seen. They would not have been meaningful for the weapons we use. They even reached the armrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs were roaming, and now I sparked on this stage because I thought it was a fool that Dinos would go there and cause some damage. Instead, our principal spent about 7 minutes. I would like to look at this movie as a 3 dinosaur movie. <br /> <br /> From now on, there is a good 83 minutes of talking about the delayed scenario of military, weak dinosaurs, and that of the day. <br /> <br /> Now I say I can not follow it. Everyone who wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment comes to see this movie. It may seem like me, but I'm really sensitive to this movie. It's really fun to watch, because you're thinking of yourself while watching it? "The director really did it seriously?"
