I really do not see the actual value of this movie. Not bad enough to be cheerful. There is no sleaze or unbalanced nudity (although there was a lot of opportunity). There is no eye. There is no tension in the first hour of the film, because there are many scenes from one party tourist and the locals playing fun tribal music. The latter part was really funny in many cases: you see locals 'congas' and 'jembés' strokes and really hear the sound (bad synchronized). But they also added this funky bass-line soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At one point local residents are angry and start killing tourists. Why suddenly? Undoubtedly, evil men are building this tourist complex, according to this temple, when they awoke the anger of the tree-god of this tree (I really missed that explanation). However, the local population has helped build a tourist complex for several months, so it just became annoying? How they buried a helicopter in the water? All this is silly and meaningless. <br /> <br /> This is the most sensitive Afro-American model I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> The heroic bridegroom visits a strange, naked old man's cave at some point. The only point in that scene is to discover the "shock" that the crocodile is really a crocodile. What is the difference between alligator or crocodile? It's great, made of plastic and eating people. All of them are the same. Crocodile is a very clever structure. It is very stiff and inactive and does not even break your feet in swimming. Eyes do not move when drawn near. I think they did not know "animatronic" in Italy in 1979. Local wildlife has a lot of meaningless shooting. <br /> <br /> It was a very good old man since the first day, and I was the reason for not shutting down my movie that my cat was asleep on my lap. But the last half-hour of the movie was better. Finally, we begin to see some movements when passing through alligator teeth and insulting people who munch them. The most entertaining (and at the same time, funny) scenario is when Alisa and Daniel drive a minibus on a bridge. Here we look at the version of the minibus falling into the stream. Funny. But they shot in a nice way. In fact, there are a few other nice travel cameras. Surprisingly for this type of flick. I'll show some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to spoil it if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a good crocodile movie, see Lewis Teague'S REQUIREMENTS. I acknowledge that is not an Italian and a JAWS is not rip-off, but of course more fun. Serhio Martino is interested in other films of the director since 2019 and comes in a very entertaining way: NEW YORK. It has an over-the-top disassembly of each possible post-apocalyptic-future-of-doom-movie. The words "Italians" and "rip-offs", two good words coming together.
