John Rivers lost his life as an architect and family man when his wife disappeared and died in an accident after an accident by changing a wheel in his car. Lost in days, she faces one of the following people and says her relationship with her husband is linked to E.V.P through Electronic Voice Phonome. Of course, he does not believe, but we hear strange phone calls from the phone, and E.V.P. he is referring to a person to learn more about him. Probably, John is like him, but when something else is connected with his wife, something supernatural does not interfere with the dead, but the white noise tells in advance what is happening. <br /> For some time he was sitting on my shelf, because I did not have a copy, so I thought it would be better for me to watch it. But still, I do not think the owners are in a hurry to get back because they do not ask me about it. He is excellent. So I decided to give you a game, but I also became a mood. After hearing and reading all the bad press I did not expect anything good, but had fun for 90 minutes. Well, it was more than 60 minutes, the last half-hour, as well as a blurred nausea. The film is not as good a place as possible, but rather breezed in a fairly fast way, though it is a super sensitive supernatural tension. In my opinion, it is not all losses. In the first hour, I found some effective sequences for me and had a bit of passionate heart disease. Perhaps the anticipated forced jumping entries come into being and sometimes it is incompatible with the context. With the MTV style editing and the approaching kinetic camera work, it's pretty exciting, loud and over-mixed. I did not understand the cunning and the sudden summit. It's all clear hockey explaining how everything suits the bigger picture. It goes for something big, but it falls because it has a very dissatisfied result. I had a wonderful job with lighting and luxurious camera work. Then, unlike the strange lighting, the flick of the atmosphere was dark. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the movie is in the technical components and is not easily visible. expands the characters and the story. There is no contact and long-term feeling within this dirty substance. After a while, he is trying hard to convince you that he is in the thrill of manipulation and that he is born in many blood-curling products outside the grave. After a while, someone has something to repeat itself as if watching a television screen. E.VP was a star on the show. Yes, it has more impact than impeccable performances. Michael Keaton is a very talented actor, but has recently disappeared from his map and provides a modest performance like a cautious, discreet John Rivers. It's really good. Everyone is extremely fragile and unforgettable. Not the hints, but the lack of their symbols. <br /> <br /> From now on, we will talk about the events that have taken place so far. </ P> <p style = "text-align: justify; the interest in the subject and the fear of the last product in Hollywood, a long-awaited flick that he promised in his idea and a more favorable piece of evidence, dignity.) I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
