It's one of the worst films of the year. The area is ridiculous, symbols are weakly developed and premise irritating is a fool. When all this happens, Michael Keton is fresh without a remarkable thing since Batman, despite the fact that his beautiful author, Anna, is rich in this, falls into a car that manages one of these convertible VW errors. Batman moves to a new apartment in the pantry and holds a hobby: nothing watching without celebrating. He learned from a really sad man who was killed by three high-level shady youths on television. Soon he will begin to see dead people through the EVP or the electronic soundtrack, so that the dead can send live messages to people through tape recordings, video cameras, dead phones ("Anna Cell Calling? He has died ... Souls should be, Mhmmm, no other There is no explanation, it would be better for me to begin talking about this inequality. ") etc. Why not write down a piece of paper or beat some things to create creative pictograms. Indeed Batman realizes that he is seeing the future, and he decides to help the woman he does not know. After a long period of time, dark babies are allowed to travel between electrons, electrons and electrons, but if we can be on time, are they really children? "(They agreed in the worry). She is watching this lady in the warehouse and seeing this symbol from the first ten minutes of the movie (hard to see or miss it!) She knows that a serial killer, who works for shady devils at three feet high, falls down the Lost Ark style and kills her, as cartoons they appear. Only after a while some detectives appeared and rescued his wife. After the funeral of Batman, he decided to send a letter of apology from the edge of the grave to his son because he was a legend, and it seems that the best way to protect his son against the terrible EVP is to expose her. The little boy just smiles. Not my friend's stage, and even his father, Batman, certainly does not start talking to television. When the high point of the movie rang the phone and someone shouted, "This is Anna!"
