The Howling II started with a strange and real opening story by Christopher Lee, whose image depicts a moving star, oh and skeleton, for some reason. He said, "The inhabitants of the earth were drunk in his blood, and I saw him sip off a feathered beast and put on his forehead the worst of all adultery: I did not know how long a great mother I did not find." I did not apologize and tried all the disgusting things of the earth. "This opening story does not mean anything and is simply strange, after the opening credits of Transilvanian architecture" Los Angeles, California USA. Angels City. "I knew that I was in 86 minutes, and it would not last long after the Howling (1981) and Karen White's funeral." After Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown), Karen's Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says he is a werewolf and who will come to life, rejects such a nonsense, but Karen's friends and colleagues see him at Stefan's house with Jenny (Annie McEnroe), about Sturgeon, tells them how to kill them, Stirbani (Sybil Danning), the "king of the wolves." Stefan shows that Karian's picture of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) is a very bad and dangerous wolf, who wants Karen. , any Werewov from heartwarming and said that he could protect Karen along with Jenny, whom Stephen had set out for a cemetery where Stephen's brother had stopped his crypto. But many Kurds turn around and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They get rid of the attack and know that Stirba will be found in Transylvania. All of this decides to turn Stirba and his Kurds out of the land by traveling to Transylvania and fulfilling the curse for centuries. Once there, he went to a small city called Vlkava, where "monsters lived", and what else can I say if they get acquainted with the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal Werewolf hunters? Oh, a dwarf called Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Marianna to Stirba. But Stirba knows Stephanie's coming, and she has Ben and Jenny's plans. Will Stefan stop Stirba's plans for world rule? Is this movie even more strange or realistic? Follow and find. The movie, run by Philip Mora, is a strange turmoil. Weak adjustments are made, such as jump successively. One of the biggest problems is the writing, based on the novel, by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, which presents every single point and gives us no idea what we want. Fortunately, it acts as a rocket and is not as elegant as the original one. Something strange or strange always happens to entertain the audience. Most people will probably hate it, but they have the best for those who use "bad" movies. There are strange Werewolf orgies to watch. Some cool Wolves kill the weapon. Sets and places can only be seen from such a place, and I do not know that it was shot in Transylvania, but it does not seem like I was thinking in the middle of the 80's Transilvili. The fortress's castle is part of the dungeon, part of the Gothic fort and a modern luxury home. Stirba and his servant's suit are long-standing, Stirba looks like a S / M video and is wearing an outfit that looks fairly sexy for her and her minions are wearing missing skin clothes. Special makeup effects are good for the poor, a dwarf's eyes burst, one's hands are broken, and some creatures come out of the mouth of a priest, but this is not an eye-catching film, but sequences with the worm transformation and attacks. Stirba and his shadows are a lot of nudity, so the Kurds have a real randy band! I must also record music, preferring terrifying rock music that I hate to noise and lowering the volume. The actor is all weak and what does Christopher Lee think when he sees this movie on Earth? What do you think you do not know? In general, everything is a real turmoil, but it's just a funny confusion. It is impossible to recommend, but it waits for me until the end. Sybil Danning, who says that the latest credits have been erased and cut into scenes, at the same time he took his clothes and showed his heart more than 20 times. If this is your business.
