Moreover, Brigade is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincent Minnelli, behind the "Parisian American" team, are in the forefront of collaboration with many great artists and women. Cyd Charisse, one of Gene's leading lady, is one of the best dancers in the 40's / 50s and, unlike the "Always Fair Weather" feature, this film gave them only one chance to dance. Lerner and Loewe, the "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's "Gigi" masterpiece, were the rising team behind the future; Lerner and Minnelli had already demonstrated their sincere cooperative juices in the "Americans in Paris" order. <br /> What happened along the way? Why is the film itself so stupid? Minnelli himself did not want to make a movie, even though he had a personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps, the film's birth protection was two more steps for MGM and one step back to Vincente Minnelli. But as Brigade's inhabitants were trapped inside the city, Minnelli tried to turn it into a fun entertaining thing. <br /> <br /> Lastly, Minnelli's loyal charm was put on hits as he did in the "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meeting in St. Louis". None of the nostalgic sources that are nowhere near the brigade are aware. Its fragrances do not coincide with the brilliant "Yolanda and Thief" or "Pirat" because mountainous structures can also be very typical of an exotic fantasy and real human emotions. At least the only person in the brigade is a frail man who wants to escape and is a sincere companion by Van Johnson, who accidentally shot him. The general execution of the brigade is related to many Christianity, since they are truly prophets. Instead of immortality of the brigade, the glorious and most "good" pastors of the city sacrificed their place in the so-called blessed shelter. <br /> At some point we are convinced that "everyone is looking for his own brigade." It is enough to say that the box office for this picture is enough to justify its suspicion that no quiescent paradise is looking for it. The body itself is laughable and almost offensive, but it can work when the players are perfect. But Kelly himself is the most talkative about the movie, and Charisse, Lucille Bremer, is mistakenly miserable as a virgin optimist in Yolanda and Thief. Van Johnson offers the best version of the classic Oscar Levant sidekick, Kelly (even a cigarette lighter at a point like the Levant in AIP) and gives a lot of fun moments. The best part of MGM's best-in-class budget extravaganza is Van Johnson's fall.
