MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of the rare films on the film's history. It was not a matter of praise for the film, even the people who did it. This film has become a hate since one day. The film did not create a cult like some notorious flops at any time and then when it came to a philosophy that philosophy would be given on philosophical basis (aggressive feminism or courage to solve transgenderism). SCARFACE is not regarded as a misunderstood masterpiece or as a camp club like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Of course, the reason for this is that it's pretty, even unpleasant, though the film is terribly horrible. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE means just plain. As a Hollywood satire, it's cool and hearty, but in a nonsensical way. MYRA admits that Hollywood is a defective city, but it will attack beloved characters such as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland, and Gary Cooper. The film shows that everything connected with Hollywood is related to its nature. There is something bold in nature to ridicule sacred cows, but it is not primarily intended to mock. The film is also anti-anti-anti-anti-anti-anti-anti-anti-anti-US, but the whole surface, in the late 1960's, in a trendy way. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; YOU LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other hip epics, MYRA is a middle-aged vision of hippy dippy youth culture. It tries to cover sensitive behaviors. But instead of mocking, MYRA does not try to conceal its respect for everything that comes to it. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a bull's humor; There is no moment of innocence. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine has described it as "funny as a child parrot", but this is not nearly as sympathetic. For example, poor Mae West is portrayed as everything looked from the queen to an intensive hiking corpse. The eighth star, obviously, did not know enough to be a grandson talent agent after a young enough age to become grandchildren or even grandchildren. But the director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used it anyway. Why? Because she was, of course, a joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine, and other veteran performers, the film can only use their age to mask and film pictures. Rex Reed, like a filmmaker, is a shameless parody, like an arrogant, fake film critic. But real Reed, the famous hound, jet-setting, talk show gossip, can be tempting in obnoxiously funny ways; Like Myron, it's not surprising, as it is against the Myra. Probably Reed for Sarne is a joke. <br /> <br /> You watch the MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and do not see the actors, you see the victims. There is nothing more than Raquel Welch. No one will blame Welch for being a great actress, but it is a proof of his power and his appeal, which enhances his film and career. Almost every scene, Welch was a front and center for exploitation on the film, but, due to his credit, he performed a very good performance. Of course, although Huston and almost catatonic Westin are centralized to the decoration flowers, Welch should not do much to create a good balance. Nevertheless, he dreads terrifying dialogue with a terrifying voice, while pointing to himself with all sorts of thought-consciousness that James Bond is proud of. Legend said that Welch was leaked by a screaming West and that he was repeatedly exposed to oral exploitation by multiplying the director Sarne, not to mention one of them following a distortion scene but liked it more <br /> <br /> The only interesting element of the film trying to figure out what the film's agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy illustration. It should show that it has the kind of spirituality to introduce, but it is probably everyone's estimation. It seems like a mix of a feminist ax with all the conversations about "destroying the latest traces of traditional men's races". As a feminist, Myra is a terrifying figure, a sexual herd. Moreover, Myra is not a woman, but rather a deception of Myron, possibly a gay man. It can explain the scene of men's aggression and the love / hatred of the character against the cave, but the appearance is straight, dead Rusty, but Farrah Fawcettin does not disclose the so-called indifference of Mary Ann. The film was sexually active, but could not have been charged with favoring the sexual revolution; all the sexes behave as if they were least ugly than the least offended and insulted. Gore returns to Vidal's original novel, as it is mixed and meaningless as a film. <br /> <br /> And it's a rare movie that hates these movies. Not just films, but movies as part of culture. The film itself refers to walls of old cinemas, all of which are directed by the director-screenwriter Sarne. Twenty-first-century film crocodiles were raided and peppered with old film pieces, not to give respect or public comment, but to the innocence of the old Hollywood. How do you call an artist, Sarne, if he hates the already working environment, wants to create a work of art? <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not look like anything other than a bad thing. He hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sexuality, drives gay and mischief, hates women, men, the elderly and the youth, Laurel and Hardy, you say good and probably hate it. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE, in a very sad and sad way, the first punk manifesto can be a feast of pop culture nihilism.
