In my local Suncoast, I bought 4 DVDs for $ 10, which included the movie and three other terrifying horrors (later it was Witchcraft XI). So, basically, I paid the price of $ 2.50 for this movie. I can not say that I was completely broken. I have something for trash horror movies, but this is a trash that gives the trash a bad name. The budget could not have been more than $ 1000 (although they spent only $ 1.50). I do not know if it's a budget movie, but it's not an excuse for completely uninstalled cameras. The film "Blood Cult" was very good, though it was designed for a very low budget and still had good enough cameras and movements. This is a "effort", definition of this muscular person, moving in this film, especially with the emphasis of Texas. Everyone reads their own pages completely from the page. You can admit it literally or literally. I was not surprised if it had been out of the camera as the scenario was playing. I have not seen a bad English actor before. There are some bad guys in this movie. Although English films are not always good, they always develop at least one level, so no English or English-language, home-video-style is a volunteer to crash. Did the merchant Ivory overturn their call for proposals? Usually, I think people are very difficult to lead and actors. Some of Hollywood's worst films have a professional level of director, actor and cinematography. When you watch a movie like "Glitter", you can not say that it looks like a third-grader (even if a third-grade student can write a script). I've seen better home movies than Witchcraft X, and that's not an exaggeration. Filmmakers in the city of Partia are even less likely to get money for buying fake blood. No effort was made for the creation of this film - it just ended. You get the picture. Nudity is a good thing, though it does not save it. However, I also say the red-orange-haired girl, who is either naked or splitting the entire film, is really hot! <br /> <br /> My Account: 1 (from 10)
