... not a good way. BASEketball is at least a loss of the movie. It's an insult to all the feelings. It does not really bother me, I've seen very bad movies, really before the bad movies and see them again. BASEketball, though, is a caliber movie that you regret about wasting a ninety minute life. BASEketball said that in a film they did not write in the name of insult, star Trey Parker and Matt Stone. Any respect I have made for David Zucker has long been exhausted. His past spoof movies are lazy messes that appear and feel as if they were made with the cries of predecided boys in penis jokes. <br /> <br /> "Aircraft" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, and you will be surprised to see the same person as you watch BASEBOOK. <br /> <br /> I have a great respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the funniest and most intelligent comedians of today's main fun entertainment. Their pictures and South Park episodes are as fun as they are. Every grace and fart jokes are also discovered behind. It should not be forgotten that there is a good way to approach the immature. Imagine that BASEketball was a great experience for them, because the film hated all the right reasons. This is a foolproof mixture with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone themselves hacked themselves in reality. The film plays as a 90-minute episode of the Guy's Family. Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were served in their films. BASEketball does not really find a way to describe their performance, but another vulnerable film feels like a spoofing seamless film. Each line is so unbelievably beautiful. They try to make the most of these pictures, and they are in the same way. I remind you of the South Park episode, where Cartman is sitting in a movie theater, watching the comedy except no plot or secret, using the same sounds as Parker and Stone. For all this picture. <br /> <br /> In some cases, BASEketball is not a problem. With my picture, my biggest concern is that Parker and Stone know who can write this crap script, there to sit there. I know that if they cursed and wrote it back to the point of readability. There is no indication that Zucker has improved the scenes. Parker and Stone are just a tool for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concepts and I think Parker thinks he can, especially if he can prepare the Zucker script more. Instead, we get wonderful humor. Do not rent the same laughs, explain what they are doing around a group of classroom pupils
