I gave this movie 5 pure regrets. My intention is not to blame everyone, because I've seen that this film is very much appreciated by many, as I have already done. Yes, I do not deserve any praise, and I say that because I've seen the original anime, Basilisk, and this movie is embarrassing. Probably if you see Shinobi, maybe you can do it. It is a pleasure because of the good choreographic fights based on more fantasy than martial arts, and I have deepened their beauty. But the story is not something original. Now, when I turn an anime / mackerel into a movie, I understand that it needs to make some changes. I did not expect to see strange characters from the concept, although they have a good role, some really deep and well prepared. But, of course, I did not expect changes in the big and wrong places, which destroyed the whole story. In some cases, dramatically and ethically distracted people are transformed into something that the public can love most. For example, in my sweetheart, a sweet, innocent girl, totally and absolutely loved by Gennowski, Oboro, becomes an avid clan leader in the film. I look like a woman is strong and opposed to the restrictions she imposed on her (from Japan, about the 17th century), but her soul change is incredible and bad. Hotarubi, one of my favorite characters in the film, is a strange little girl who is not anime-loving, but less impractical, with no childhood and sensual nature. plot I can learn the worst and most dangerous character of Anzeme, the extremely poor and not attractive Tenzen or Gennosuke, as the leading character is completely irrelevant and confused, as it goes with elegance. Music is awesome, and the imagination expected from a Japanese movie is incredible and thank you for that. Look, do not tell when you see Basilisk and love it, because it is hopeless. Basilisk, based on fantasy, is afraid of elements and largely exaggerated, though it has a deeper depth in its symbol, story, historical value, and almost a heart failure. Shinobi was a waste of time and I did not believe that it would continue after things that should be my heart. Unfortunately, I'm deeply sorry to criticize a movie, but I strongly advise you. Please see anime or at least describe the truth by following Basilisk's anime after watching the movie first. Otherwise, you will capture one moment when you realize that they have been killed.
