There are many films that determine the date of departure, just because of some sort of legal snap, to avoid being distracted and then for a long time. You just want a movie that is funny as "Slackers" because it's small. The output dates have always been changed to this terrible movie, so much bleep as it deserves in the radar. The organizational campaign starts with Ethan, a creepy nerd, with a scary plunge to bomb Angela. Ethan, Devil and Angela help friends who are scamming to school for all to run with blackmail to win. I do not want spoiler, but I can exclude this kind of analogy. Angela falls for David, Ethan deliberately improves everything and gets good guys. In a genre of genre, another tired retread becomes shorter. The overall humor is funny, always loves to be among the many in the immortal classic "Animal House", "Something about Mary" and "Road Trip". to remember. But when we use it as a plot point, we can only move away so far, and the ethan has an Angela puppet of any hair hair he has made. No one wants to testify to watch Ethan, who has been in the shower while he is reading. No one wants a young man to read about his "wiping socks" on the mountain. But nothing can make Mamie Van Doren, a 50-year-old sister ready for a complete visual attack while playing his breasts at 71. I do not know if the story is indecisive, and this does not make any sense in the scene. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this film, you just want to go back to the profession. The worst thing you can do in any movie is to appear as fun as it shrinks from your goals, just like "Slackers", characterized by its general characteristic spark, meaningless vignettes and lack of construction. A group of college students were drunk, took a camera, and a bunch of random bats hit and drew together. If a young person really wants to see a good comedy, I suggest that the "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip" are not as fun as something fun and "Slackers". In a casual way, Cameron Diaz is a filmmaker in this movie, as in a film such as "The Sweetest Thing", which is strangely humorous, as a story rather than a device rather than a disaster. "The slackers in your local video store, , just go on a ride and drop it under the shelves as it deserves.
