I did not know what Sam Mroovitch could do on the ground or on the edge of the earth, which would be a worthwhile project to do. Ben and Arthur are one of the worst films ever made. In fact, I do not see any reason to be No. 1 at Bottom 100. For example, I did not see SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (No. 5 during this edition), though I guess the movie is much better than this leakage, because its vapid betrayal was at least Baby Genius 2 professionalism. On the contrary, everything, I mean everything, is not entirely professional in this film. <br /> <br /> The movie envisages the Christian right to attack gay and anti-hate attacks. And I emphasize "emphasized". Not only is his purpose entire and completely unsuccessful but at the same time leaves an ugly scar. The majority of gay couples create tiresome and strange stereotypes of each party instead of creating an attractive and realistic portrait of fighting against a society that opposes them. Ben and Arthur, the engagement pair, are described as two romantic cardboard cuts, sexually starved and hopelessly married, when the laws are changed. It meets all the Christians (as we believe in this movie), the opposition of a brother of high, fugitive, stupid and fierce Victor. After joining me, he tried to kill Ben and Arthur, and they were expelled from the ministry. As in the real life. <br /> <br /> In this film, actresses (?) are trying to completely destroy any credibility in this movie. a YouTube home comedy video. But Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando could not have these headlines because they could still have a completely confused and friendly dialogue with each minute of the movie. At every stage there is at least one unusual or postponed quote. For example, at one scene, Victor is trying to complain about his brother's uncleanness with his brother because of his homosexuality. Instead of clearly reflecting this idea, however, he is like a stupid, completely confused, noisy line: "You know, I will not be my granddaughter or nephew, because you are so F *** ED UP!" <Br /> <br /> More shine is the lack of production values. Well, I know this is not Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics on special effects and editing. For example, the six point red cake paint is not enough for real bullet wounds. There is no teleport between people in a room. And when you hit the objects do not fall in the middle! <br /> <br /> Do not waste your money on me and Artura. 7, 17, or 107 do not care about me. It does not matter if you're gay, straight, bi, or uncertain. I do not think you're just "exciting". I do not think it would be necessary to be deceived to buy this stupid stack. Stay away. It's the ability to use the film's only indisputable quality as Frisbee.
