Holy crap this movie was bad. I watched it as a joke. It is not so bad that it is unusual. This film was intended to frustrate me personally. She really worked well in doing this. It only produced something interesting, funny, even remotely sexy and elegant, adding a bunch of ugly dudes, and then added something to the movie maker, who really takes awhile things. a bunch of old rotten cheese. That's all this. Cheese. There is not a single person to which this movie can be closed. There is no universe that this movie may be attending. Why can not a movie like this be to be happy and happy in life? Why have they had to make this foolish idea already laughable for a movie? Why did not they try to shoot at least one movie or even a B movie? Now, I think, what do they try to do with this kind of hell film? I have some boring pupil project about some idiot who is waiting for a camping love love story and instead of trying to destroy all of her bored Christian brother, her boyfriend has to find the strength and courage to marry !!! No, I'm not joking. This is about it. Does it sound good? This film is very ignorant to the people of Christendom, the stereotype of all the Christians as strange, rude and hell as human be as possible. Many Christians whom I know will not be strangely speaking or acting. The film is also unfair and ignorant to the gay community. This should be the most delicious stereotypical gay guys in the ROADKILL video game since the man on the radio station. It's so nervous and just irritates the point where you can not pay attention to this movie. The manufacturers of this train did not design a single design, operating, camera switch, lighting, scenario, originality, or a strategy to give this entertaining or interesting idea. There is not even a sexual scene, or at least something incredible. Jamie Brett Gabala was the only person in the film who did not look good, but she was saddened by the good appearance. This is a trash. In a perfect world, this movie would have voted 0.0. Only one movie is worth $ 0. Snow, deaf and smaller bones with arms and legs can write a mentally retarded, straightforward, and can produce a better film, and it would be a better actor. The reality of this film is a crime against the word "movie". This movie is so bad that other films should be ashamed of being in the same safe format. You can put a broom on a pod and then write down with a camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with a mini x-mas tree and then record it and I will always be the BEST at least one movie & ARTHUR. There are two things worse than death. BEN and ARTHUR torture and tracking. I'm a homosexual and maybe the most delicate person you'll ever meet when I meet you, and I do not think it's more betrayal than a movie since the first 5 seconds of this movie. single movie. If this movie is a mistake, I will find a way to personally change the celebrity word "Error is wrong". "It's OK to make mistakes if it is NOT MEN and ARTHUR." People always say, "Good things come from everything!" They say. I think that BEN & ARTHUR was largely inventive that anything on the earth might be a good thing. The worst movie I've ever seen to enrich this movie would give it a lot of credit. This film is intended only because it can participate in one of its categories. There are good movies, there are bad movies and then I have BEN and ARTHUR. It's BEN and ARTHUR.
