Any gay video interested in the topic, there is a hunter on the cover today, this is not necessarily a good sign) I bought BEN and ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is the second (and I'll be the last to buy) the CUSTOMER CONTRACT video. Because I am concerned, this DVD is something. Do not I lighten this observation? I'm a huge collector of video, gay and key partners, and I declare that BEN and ARTHUR are the worst films I've ever had in my life. Period. My collection has over 1,600 movies (93% of them on the DVD) and over 300 are gay and delightful topics. I'm not going to challenge any gay movie I've ever prepared, but I say easily, I'm buying almost every gay video of liberty and often getting videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes it is a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, The Water In, Urbania and Normal, are all examples of good gay headlines I have accidentally dropped off. When I read that BEN and ARTHUR were related to a conflict between gay rights and Christian rights, one of my favorite topics was to get an unprecedented look, even though I had never been disappointed before my heading a CULTURE. Sugar tiles. This movie was pretty bad, but it looked like the WINDER with GONE compared to BEN and ARTHUR. How wrong is it to me and ARTHUR? Plenty! Firstly, such a "plot" was absolutely funny. Has this movie made me sympathetic to the Christian right? we believe that a church is a gay brother, not just a community, but a priest will set up a style of style for a gay couple to rescue themselves (which means even). The writing is so sad that many scenes do not make sense in any sense, and a few point points are not linked to any logic, trap, or story. While criminality and violence seem to be the acceptable moments of the gay-activist / right-wing conflict on both sides, the player is so bad that it's hard to imagine how everyone is hired in this film. Exactly gay and nale stereotypes, with almost all the characters to be true; gay characters are neither sexual nor interesting. This movie is enough to ensure that nobody ever ads a gay theme video and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. This picture is the only advantage over my other CULTURE Q Connection, SUGARPLAMS VISIONS, this is an open dialogue with a soundtrack. Scenario's scripting concept serves to better understand how bad the film really is, as the script is very subtle. This is a shame to the Queer culture and I intend to let everyone know about it before losing their money. The movie on $ 9.95 would be overpriced in this way; However, I understand that soon the price will be lower than $ 20. I paid the real price of $ 29.95 and felt more deceiving in my life. Are these the only real laughs about the drivel? I've seen "user reviews" on a large number of websites for this movie, and it's clear that the repertory is a friend of Ed Wood wannabe, who always praises the director / writer / actor. How sad! How hopeless. I would only allow IMDb to put zero stars - even negative zero. This is what no movie is worthy of.
