If there was a movie worthy of 10, it would be. The term "dead house" is redefined as "bad film". Other bad movies, such as "Strange Call" or "Premonition," look better than the "House of the Dead". The main "plot" of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty people traveling to a remote island to attend the "rave of the century". When they go there, they find only tents, bars, scenes and some bloody t-shirts. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing about this movie. This is not fun. Instead, it is painful to watch how terrible it is. The player is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors, Uwe Boll, claimed that the director was not afraid to tell someone when he was doing a good job or doing a bad job at a scene. This is a lie. The scenario was written by a 11-year-old girl and decided to add a scene to a girl's chest and add a sad line, "it smells like someone who's been here." The heroes have no personality and depth and are some of the best things that can be done in a horror movie. By the way, symbols are also turned into a SWAT team to throw zombies in magic. <br /> <br /> This is a very terrible thing about the film. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera job was fascinating. The pests in the zombies working in the forest are smarter than scary. Even worse, it would be a good idea to include Boll in the film, which is a bit smaller than the movie of Dead video. You'll see an animated zombie that's happening very often and, at random, at a time. It does not matter. In their right mind, nobody thought that it was a good idea. Boll wants to remind us repeatedly that this movie will be based on a video game. Uwe Boll would also decide on a combination of 'The Matrix' with slow-moving 360 degree rotation during moving scenes. Unfortunately, he does it very often and every shot is stingy. The soundtrack of this movie also hinders the mind. Most moving scenes are accompanied by a high rep track. <br /> <br /> The Dead House is not bad because a video is based on the game. In fact, there is little to do with the video game. It is also incompatible with the category 'good at worst'. However, it's a 'very bad' category because it's 'painful'. This movie is just simple. Uwe Boll should not be placed anywhere near another film. Even his presence will curse a production. To all directors: When one of your films is a bad review, you have to remember that you do not remember the 'House of the Dead' and you will feel better. I will never get these 90 minutes of my life. To sum up these words, words can not really describe how bad this film is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, must embarrass themselves. Although I said that the 'House of the Dead' can sound, it is not really. Nothing about this is funny. Avoid all costs.
