A few weeks ago, the German broadcasting company SAT1 called this movie "TV-activity of the year" - it was upset, but this year I saw better things on television. <br /> <br /> I thought about most of the film, but soon he recalled about two other horrible movies: The Titanic and the Pearl Harbor were very familiar: the "hero" (if I really can say it) The two "lovers" next to him - Pearl Harbor, everyone? In fact, the story of love is a version of a poor man in Pearl Harbor and is already poor! <br /> <br /> However, as I like to analyze the film and their samples, I have decided to follow this dump. The film begins with a physician who leaves his family for a military strike against Russia near the end of the Third Reich and promises to return to his wife. Now it is rapidly moving forward in the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war, and allies and Russia seized the country, and both tried to eliminate each other for world power and ideology: communism with capitalism. Yes, you already know the story, you probably know - the film is not really so uncomfortable and literally gets a dump of historical facts. The film tries to portray the US government as angels, and in particular ignores the contributions of other countries in the UK. Although these countries are bombarded by a country they're trying to help, nearly a quarter of them are sympathetic. <br /> <br /> The mother of an ancient hero, as her daughter told her "Germany is possible," would say that Germany would be divided into two parts, and the historical words mentioned in the film were incredibly nervous. Or, Stalin says that Coca Cola should stop spreading in Germany when the director thinks we are looking for an act like a mustache. Yes, if Stalin says something like that. Or there is a US pilot who tells a friend what to do with meat and everything possible - please! Before that, the burgers set off. <br /> <br /> If you see a map showing the airline once in the movie, it looks fun on the map as it comes from a flat laser printer on the map '48. The main idea is to be in Berlin, a dreamy and sensitive person, and in a historic way, for example, ideas on the aircraft and ideas like improving this idea, character Phillip Turner, the love of the main actress who leads me to other aspects of love : There are not enough African-American soldiers in the film, there were two people in the entire movie! Also, relations between US troops and German citizens were not permitted, and the US military would be sent home. I do not want to say that I have nothing to do, but there are almost a couple of couples in this movie if the pilot was killed by a fake CGI plane, especially CGI. Although several months have passed, the Germans have spoken - I am an American of all Germany and I have even a little emphasis. Children, the moving child was also pretty bad - children liked two phrases: "Normal-I-mixed-monotonous robot" and screaming. <br /> <br /> The story of a love story with a mere halfway through dialogue, just like the Pearl Harbor, from the start to the end. The film's very successful - the first part of the film was 8.97 million and the second part of the day - 7.83 million. Thus, SAT1 won twice in a common market share and won a trade group. But I always think that the largest part of the cliff is the place where most fly flies.
