Only 15 minutes after I watched this film, I started to make more serious, heavier films than Chiang Yimu's unique perspective on Chinese politics and society. I directed martial arts, and my modest thoughts were serious. Hero was the worst movie since "Operation Cougar", without a need for a complex story and more wooden than the one in the movie John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is different. Now, as an American who has been studying Chinese movies for a few years (and understands Mandarin and talking), my ideas differ from one another as I came from a different background. Like SMMF, Hero, it's not really a traditional kung fu movie, and this is certainly not a wuxia pian film. There is no sword or sorcery here. It's a completely different way of watching movies like China Ghost Story (3), Butterfly Crimes, Green Snake and others. In spite of the charismatic potentials they are talking about, SMMF is talking about a moderate and sometimes laughable, dialogue-driven dialogue. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind man along with Ben Affleck. This movie has a really great emotional atmosphere. He takes himself very seriously and becomes a great joke until the end. If all actors seem to be part of the most important celluloid part on this date, they really lose every chance to convey emotions, and that's why it's completely immovable is actually doing a movie on Zhang Yimou or just for a showcase (ie "ego booster") Zhang Ziyi. Camera is made with face and not once, but twice in the film. His circle of activities did not go far beyond his ability to play a defective "w" defect. He concentrates on the player, as he reads a note card, in a cold and lifeless manner. It is strange to hear American critics and filmmakers (such as entirely clueless Quentin Tarantino) who call this film a work. A group of Asian actors on the screen, which is really important when flying in the Bamboo Forest, have been deceiving the idea of ​​prominent filmmaking. Ching Siu Tung's choreography still retains the brand-style style, correction and posture of the previous films, such as a Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn, and Duel. Unfortunately, if the telegram is really subpardal and you have a subpar / clear wire, you probably did not shoot at high speeds. Some movies have special effects with B-movie. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other casual objects fly in the air (after throwing) logically, rotate, climb and fly like a small pilot inside the bank. I know that logic does not really fit in the stylized Chinese martial arts films, but if you do not want to create a lot of giggers from the mass of your mass, you probably need to work a bit on your composition. Massive melodrama, unwelcome comic dramatic moments, dull fighting scenes, really thirsty bends, waiting for you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. Undoubtedly, Zhang Yimou does not film for a Chinese audience. This means reaching the Western market like CTHD. After watching the hero and SMMF, I came to see that Zhang Yimou wants to shoot Hollywood movies, he is definitely right. SMMF, basically, is the Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts films. I thought the hero was bad.
