Well, I was renting a Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire movie that was similar to that clown, but it was unexpected, but I liked a new serial killer movie approach. (the next bulletin from the box) "For the five friends who stayed in a cabin in Texas alone, it was just a joke - a myth surrounding the camp, replaced by a bloody, bloody body part and voodoo effigies, a few climbing clips, he is sick and everything he wants is bloody ... "Of course, what will this clown begin in the trees? Why clown? Why their puppets are drawn with their "nutrition" words? Why? Nothing is answered within 1 hour 30 minutes. this clown left his festus apart from where he lived. The heroes are dumb boys, horrible girls, and many bitter hell. In particular, a restaurant, on the way to a restaurant, they thought they were helping because he knew he knew a boy hassled. What does this guarantee as a pretext to bring a girlfriend, friend, or girlfriend to your cabin? <br /> <br /> The main reason for the competition is the beginning of jealousy seeding. Feeding the mindless minds they hear everywhere they hear, they come in contact with themselves. <br /> Any fear movie that does not matter). Actors seemed to have been complaining about some soap operas and everything else about it. The idea that the girl in the movie took her daughter to the boat, which turned her first horror history into a horrible date, is, of course, the first night to recognize her in essence. There was not a budget for some things, but it appeared, but there were cheap dolls worth about $ 1, while lying around the jungle, dresses and a tough place to shoot a large number of films. I waited for the clown to go home to kill the remaining 4 characters of the movie (perhaps through the bottle), but there is nothing that can never come to the film. I think you should have made the clown as a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I was forced to give the movie. 3. It was an interesting premise (mainly based on the Texas Chainsaw slaughter character), and at the same time that the movie could be a completely B-movie style, I would give them a star for a charming action, but they chose a more legitimate video style. But in the end, I probably felt like to rent a Killer Clowns from Mars videos before returning to test this video. Oh, but the scope of art ... is a very awesome painting.
