I do not believe in the beginning of this movie since 2007, with a horror-flick look average of over 70. Did not know about modern special effects or CGI? The goal was not to know that violence in the millennium and / or skif film should have at least a bit of graphic violence. Or if I were wrong, would it be a warning or something like this to tell people a deep and meaningful story of a human being and a catastrophe, a great time of life, or a mixture of nature? <br /> <br /> First of all, it is a very important place: it is not important. If you are able to replace a common eye at a specific time, you will begin with the first look at a responsible medical science at a time, and this is not entirely professional. Do you see all this without the patient's informed consent? Why does he choose the eyes that are completely unusual for people on earth, and the victim is a strange one? By the way, I saw that all the real monsters I see in the film are slowly normal dark eyes; they did not expect such an example. The story is naked, with this strange eye transplant, Aaron suddenly feels like a donor-monster (or at least I do) and then followed by some military men. Especially this last bit is very ridiculous. I can almost say that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine the soldiers in the night vision!), But why my surgery came to kill him because of the patient's failure due to the apparent nervous breakdown. Why not leave it alone and look for another user? (can one be a volunteer soldier?). And why not try to kill those who are affiliated with poor Aaron, a bit steep? The US military or the government, not military weapons, travels around the hospital where it spreads automatic weapons, raids on a private apartment like the one after the enemy No. 1, and in general, Aaron, for some unusual medical reasons, It feels like a worm after its relocation, but like many schoolchildren who are scared, eyes. Why would it be ??? He sees suddenly seeing wolves. What is this? Do we believe that the donor-monster's memories are located in his eyes? And the eye catcher of this eye also accepts the monster's desire for red (life) meat and can jump off the ground with a balcony up to 30 meters above the whole legs that can be a monster (like a cat?)? <br /> <br /> This activity (or lack thereof) did not help the reliability of all of these things: anyone, like the throes of infantry, especially the Indian girl, might have created some inconvenience and anger about the nature of nature , why Aaron is in a sudden place (but hey, probably, it should have at least one love-scene!). I really liked the actor, Cory Monteith, who seemed to be a very nice man, but they were not too crowded. There are semi-dovetail running trails for watching more than half of the movie, but then he chose one of the more effective physics, Monteith really left his shirt. His killing and attacks are hardly illustrated, and we have just heard a heroic and awe-inspiring feel, and then another sacrifice, and Aaron gave a little blood to his face and chest. Not a lot of modern fantasy horror! Only a good player came from Justine Bateman and I really want to see a beautiful and stylish one forty lady. He did his best with foolish lines and even assured me that this doctor was in good faith, but made a kind of wimp, a character completely bossed by the leader of these soldiers. How sad it is that the scenario does not make a bit of regret! Finally, this is a foolish and pretty dull movie, not a terribly terrifying and exciting thing, but with incredible moments, many pigeons and monsters flying around slopes. (whom to care?), some ambitious Indian ramblings about Man and Nature, and the most inappropriate moments are unequal music with popping songs. I think that the word "over and over" covers all these.
