As sheep, the more often the film goes to the public. As some critics say good ("Shake-Cam"), everyone collects in the boat as it is deprived of individual thinking. It's not a good movie, it's a terrible movie. 1) Plot? - Which plan? From here, Bourne got up from head to foot. Area. Do not look for something deeper than that. 2) Kinematography? "It's a good thing to me!" It would have been better with a 7-year-old old and a slender 8mm movie camera (I'm not gonna hurt it here). This film is a surprisingly powerful touristic powerhouse with an amateur camera work. EVERY SATURDAY (I really mean each one) ridiculous shake will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) reliable? - Yes Yes. This is an amazing king. Bourne liked scenes that were followed by police on the streets of Tangier (local). - I have come to Tangier. Even instructors could not go to those streets, but Bourne was shaken by 100 police officers with speed and grace. Greengrass laughs at the head of the film with the kindness of his pupils. 4) Editing? - When I did this movie, I did not know what the editor was, but I want a bit! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. At the end of the film, I felt disappointed with the scene of the "scenes". 5) Guidance? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film seems to have no directives. In another Greengrass case, it was not to "shoot a few drunken scenes" by throwing a copy of the cameraman's script (all two pages). - "Do not worry about the boys, we'll combine the scene in the editing room." The editor needs to put on the hairdryer, put on sterling silver to allow the monstrosity of the silver screen. 6) It is not a two-person CIA employee who treats a tender woman for assault and misunderstanding Jason Bourne. - It was not a traitor to someone who could not afford to live. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (The bad guys of the CIA plan to cancel any operation as they dump the paper clip onto the ground). (well, all men are bad, do not you? - SNAGS, of course). Yes, this is a modern and politically accurate film that really presents women's heroes and oppressive men as a threat to humanity. 7) How well you know, finally, hitting the fan, good wins for evil (as always?) And the murderous killer takes the fall of Jason Bourne - suddenly goes to guilty and pulls the trigger (Yes - right ...) At that moment, the deputy deputy will begin to find a weapon in his hands and pull the trigger. How did this man, aged 60, move fast and even breathe? Wonders will never end 8) Do not worry, hear a senate and baddies go to court. Yes, we can not be bad, politically incorrect, can we go to the people who shoot CIA workers round the clock? How pleasant it is to see life in a real life P.C. Noughties movie. ------------- Bourne Ultimatum is completely trash.
