When it was rebuilt during unusual challenges, of course, I was interested in watching the original. Then, when I read about the original (I remembered that my sisters were overwhelmed by the day), I saw that real money was Black Mila, which hit everyone on the "inviting home". I sit for months in Netflix because of its "very long expectations" at the top of my list. I want more to see all this. One day he went out of the sky, and finally came! Of course, maybe my expectations are high, but I do not think they earn more, so I've seen it fresh. In some Canadian college cities Christmas is a holiday, and this party has the courage to do so. Climbing this arc and seeing some killer-POV shooting while entering the pit. So we know that we are at home. Then we met our characters - Olivia Hussey, mousy, whiny, Canadian accent Jess. Margot Kidder, like the frustrating, obviously aggressive alcoholic Barb. It's very annoying that she even invites her mother to Christmas. The worryingly Janis Ian clone ("Phil") and her mother, Mrs. Mac, saw a swab of various swelling around the house. Also, we meet Peter Cessin's high-profile lover Peters, who played Keir Dullea in 2001, and the Bunny Lake show is not forgotten, though in the middle of the film I still asked myself, "Which Keir Dullea?" It seems that the house is immoral phone calls, but before it was emailed, she could not ask for a photo. Then? - Well, how do you know if these plastic bags are not toys? One of the sisters finds it difficult. Do not worry about the first 14 shots of a plastic coated body in the tent - you will get 28 more spots throughout the film, perhaps, "Oh, my God! There's a corpse in the attic!" Despite the change after the first hour, Soxan's police had a very prominent plastic cover body did not find it? " Especially as clearly visible from the outside of the house. Undoubtedly, before any CSI arrives in the air, it must at any time be such a golden age; The cops are very crippled. Fortunately, some look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the more terrifying man comes out of the drama, he is afraid that the main cats of the house rises to a vertical ladder and drives them into a heavy-looking trap. These are foolish cats, because he is headaches and finishes with a hook pulley on his neck. There are two corpses in the attic - hey, why are there two TWIN corpses in the attic, so that we do not have more than 75 shots trying to cool us? Now the police began to take the situation seriously and touched a home police and outside the station. They say to Jess and his wife, Janis Ian, that if an independent caller calls back, he should keep it on the phone. Jessica, the more growing, mousy and frustrating, asks the caller: "Who is this, what do you want? Who are you?" when it is clear that he will not answer him like the first 89 calls. Is this developmental disability a sign? Is it impossible to learn from something unsuccessful? And what to do suddenly "Oh yeah, please, is there Laundromat Bob?" He will say. Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are put on the bed with a ketchup on their faces (the mixed idea of ​​this film) and stupid Jess understands that a door or window in the house is not locked. Hi What is a beard or what? The police say that the killer was at home and called Jess and "do not ask, just tell him to go to the front door." What does Bad Jess do? "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Starts shouting. Hey, great idea. Why not go upstairs now where you know a psychotic killer? Of course, he sees his old comrades, jumps around with ketchup, calls them to scream on the screen: "Is there a hint now?" <br /> <br /> It is clear now that this film was prepared before the classic slasher film was tropes and that we would not pass the same temp, and that the plastic cover was 206 times in the attic, possibly fearful day back, and people were stalked by psychopaths they are not used, and therefore do not think to close the doors or windows. They can be tempting to climb up and down. As you can see, people in the 1970's were dumb. We have to understand that. One of the great shocks is that our proto-final girl does not see us killing Psixonu. But I believe that this film is more interesting, and in this respect it is read more than sitting in the movie. Spoiler is over! <br /> <br /> Hey, Cinema de Merde, check out my website for bad and cheerful movies (some good movies). You can find the URL in my email address above.
