BFG is one of Roald Dahlin's most popular books, but there's no magic in this cartoon adaptation. This version is pretty loyal to Dahlin's original story, because John Hamblett does not blame the script. There's something wrong with colorless animation, lethargy speed and generally unbearable noise. It would be right to expect this story to be fulfilled for a happy, lively, entertaining movie. Instead, the film is a desperate, hopeless relationship that has become quite exhausting to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should first of all read the book! <br /> <br /> Youth Orphan Sophie (voices of Amanda Root) live under strict control of an orphanage with no friends. Mrs Clonkers. One night, he stretches out of the window when he's stuck in a street with a massive figure on his street. This figure sees it, so it stretches from the window and snatches Sophie from his bed, puts it in his pocket before leaving for the night. Sophie soon sees that she is abducted by a giant from the Giant Country and is afraid of eating it. But for its convenience, BFG (David Jason's voice) becomes a sensitive and sensitive member of its kind. BFG refuses to eat people, but instead is known as delicious vegetables snozzcumbers. However, the Giant Country lives by a large number of banquet countries - like every night - to the weakest people. Sophie and BFG become great friends and soon they plan to block other giants. Together they appeal to the British Queen (Angela Thorne's voice) to go with their remarkable story and send them to fight the army and air force human giants. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> </ font> almost bad sound quality and destroyed. The rest of the voice work is undeniable, and the symbols are very small to life. Similarly, BFG is the only characteristic animated animation - Sophie does not file an appeal and giants have been enriched (and are almost no different). Even the places are uninventive; The gigantic country, in particular, has reached a short period of time, and by chance it is nothing more than the jealous desert with rocks and canyons. In 88 minutes, the film is not long enough, but partly does not work because of the soporific function of several sequences. The humorous humor of Little Dahl is delivered gladly. One chapter of the book deals with the love of the BFG's "whizzpopping" (farting) and makes it laugh-loud. In the film, the same division is completely killed with unreasonable treatment. I liked the BFG very much, was entertaining and enjoying it, but it was pretty much the same! This is just a failed accident, which is not just the quality of the book in any department - unfortunately, one needs to fall to the bottom of the page.
