Invisible Mania is beginning to be captured by a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) with his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) following a girl (Tracy Walker) strip through her telescope ... 'Twenty Years Later' and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) are now "molesel reconstruction "a physicist who claims to have found a way to turn invisible things using his serum. But one partner fails during a demonstration before the scientists and all laughs at him, Dornwinkle kills several sins and is locked in a mental institute he fled. "Two weeks later" and summer college students, a group of physics teacher, discusses tragic deaths, Mrs. Cello (like Stephanie Blake Stella Blalack) says she has hired a replacement, yes, you've estimated it Dornwinkle. The student does not take him and looks like a dirt, but Dornwinkle has made the invisible serum and uses it to ensure that she has violated sexual assaults and vengeance ... <br /> <br /> Written & Rif Coogan (with my name or movie "Ignorant Maniac", driven by Adam Rifki cleverly hidden underneath, is the true bottom of barrel items. Written by Rifkin, who apologizes, Coogan and Tony Markes are terrific. Each department seeks to have a teenage / comedy / frightened hybrid failing. For a beginner, a couple of women are nothing more than a shower scene and a few boob shots, very scared, and the birds in the Invisible Maniac do not look so good. The comedy is naked and every joke runs to the unlucky mile, which is a film that fights with an invisible man or is a funny thing when Henry (Jason Logan) is trying to call a silent man. Invisible Mania resembles the summit of a number of films at the Police Academy (1984 - 1994)! As for horror, it's nude. <br /> <br /> There is no director Rifkin or Coogan or anything, which is incredibly slow (Dornwinkles is more than half an hour before appearing), a boring, predictable, boring, and very boring and unexpected teenager. The Invisible Maniac is a little bit unpleasant experience. There is no creepy, no tension or atmosphere, and it's a true job to sit as a whole movie. Invisible does not do anything, only a few doors open itself, it becomes drunk. Unfortunately, when you hit your head with a shotgun, there is little or no eye or violence, blood leaping, a few jumps, and only a good thing in the whole movie, unfortunately, then it was not visible and we just start seeing <br /> <br /> Budgetary budget down and it is almost as low as it is a serious movie. Dornwinkles's lab mainly consists of two banks in its bedroom cabinet! While escaping from the mental organization, there is a dog sent from behind, and there are many pupils and two teachers at the whole school. Invisible Mania is a weak film for 85 minutes, and I have seen the boom mike at least once ... Let's just say that the player is downstairs and leave it alone. <br /> The Invisible Maniac is purple, straight and straightforward. I did not find any free features, there are so many good movies that you can watch so there's no reason to waste time. Definitely avoid it.
