Nobody, one day, should learn architecture, just as in the movies of fear; all the secret roads put in a strange place, searches for hidden roads and crypts, via air channels through monsters, and so on. Offhand, I can only memorize a few films that played a major role in replicating architecture "Demon Seed", "Cube", "Thirteen Ghosts" - but in the heart of each story is an exciting home or church or cript; about the nature and effects of gaps, crossings and walls. So I was waiting for the alarm sound I promised to be at this center. The idea is: An architect has been built - in fact, it has been rebuilt - a large and creepy home for itself; His wife, mainly because of his dependence, abandoned him and closed it because he could not get used to it after rebuilding it. Living alone with loneliness (this time is not virtual), another - one evening wanted to use the door and then suddenly disappeared - another - to Him; <br /> <br /> This is a good start for melodrama, so you can expect to follow some of the lines like this: if it's a couple of times unsuccessful, the architect will surprise and stop the driver in a variety of ways to make more systematic searches for their structures or by using a variety of means to attack the victim through some of the features they have built. In the meanwhile, the calm discovered places of hiding and the back roads between the places where the architect did not foresee or remember. The film will turn into a cat-mouse-game, a battlefield, a battle; and finally, while trying to trap the visitor, the architect himself would be trapped in his creativity and did not wait. Then he would be compelled to think himself - and maybe at the same time isolate himself from his isolation - and at last he could achieve and even kill. there is no such thing in this movie; The house is just a house, the architect is a man, and his humor is unknown, though nothing is in it. What happens in the film? Once there is a man sitting at home - if he is - the architect begins to noise, but he does not find anything to go for a search. Calling the cops, they think they are a little bit of walnut oil; She is pleased with the outsider's wife to spend the night, she thinks she is more nuts. Finally, more or less accidentally, he is a bad (not a good look, figures, who else?) - not a difficult question, at least three main heroes), then lock the doors, lower the grids to the windows, (why not think this is necessary) and save the victim from hunger. Why was this one given: Are the doors and walls made of steel? In any case, the architect lies in his car. The idea of ​​the film has not been developed and should be prepared so that something else can not be developed now. And here's what: Architect - are you ready? - (probably) moved to and moved to the same person's home. How is it possible? This is not the case, but the film is about to test this route and to do so: The architect has taken a photo of the man who came to the door; When he leaves home, he draws a picture. and when he is sitting in his car, the picture throws into the street; and takes two children and looks like an observer Martin; <br /> <br /> The specialist asks where this house is and children show it. <br /> <br /> If this sequence is not possible, whatever happens, it will come out alive. Specialist Marty's wife, who leads her to the wheelchair, is unaware of her; it is as sensitive as it is in his actions, and is even sensitive to his owner, who can always leave a room as it turns or go beyond his ability to see. Throughout this section, the movie is elegant in one way, or as an invitation to it, as a favorable buffer, to give it a point in the same life as the stranger's life with which he or she lives, or does not know its existence. But at the same time, it is impossible to live in the world, transforming Raffles into an incredible cat-thief. The first is not to enter into a series of folds, including a murder, which is also achieved by locking one behind an invincible door - in front of the fun of the wheelchair; two beautiful people in intent; and the unprecedented structure of the tunnel at the bottom of several homes (before the start) .... Adds something else to further attack the long-awaited twist, and then ... ends. /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the character of a stranger in the house and the character of the man - both of which fumbles. First, it's becoming a driving force; the latter angered me because he pushed his main character even farther and more narrowly and did not give any explanation for the most demanding character: Martin's tunnel founder and secret tenant. The story should be changed by someone one day.
