"Absolute Beginners" may refer to young people who discuss the problems faced by young people in the UK, and this is a troublesome, long-lasting movie, youth problems, and tomorrow's youth. The 80s could have been called "Moulin Rouge", but it was lost. There are many traces in the world, shouting under the radar, and dust can be accumulated in the dark part of this ridiculous video store that is no longer needed in the music, comedy section, or rich money. to live. Unfortunately, I did not find this place? but I found him, I watched, worked hard to read together, we looked at Bowie's eyes, but it was up to the end. Did not survive the test of time? In the 1950s, London is far from our society? Bowie is so creepy? I think the "Perfect Beginners" fall into each of these questions, because the perfect example of a murder is just beginning with a bang, but it is only a glimpse. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" take us to a large number of nightly theft in London's unforgettable streets, having prostitutes everywhere, singing along, dancing around, rocking teas and almost swankiest on almost every individual . It sounds like a place to be hated to be? right? Director Julien Temple maintains a spirit of mood and confusion in most of the songs while trying to learn something about the abundance of our main characters. Colin, the most watched, is played by Eddie O'Connell, a dancer who wants to be a photographer while taking his girlfriend Suzette (while playing by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry and Suzette seems to have worked in rehabilitation before Lohan. I had a big spark among them, like a chemist lava, and I believed that these two men could take me on the road that had not gone anywhere. I'm ready? but then something happened. Temple brings us out of the night life, pulls us out of the city we grew up and completely replaces the longing for the first. Suzette runs, Colin is a deviation and Bowie? is it good How confident I am in his role, but when it comes to a mountain, it sounds incredibly well? I can tell you a lot. The Temple lives in this charming city and gives it the opportunity to see the living, but when it's time to pull the trigger, it leaves us high and dry. We mainly learn about Colin, but no one else. Perhaps I can watch this movie again, and I'm still as intriguing as it is for fashionable moments. Also, were they really teenagers? Let's remind, the temple is trying to compensate for it by giving more and more gratifying songs, using more symbols. We do not know anything. One of my favorite songs in the film is a great example of this. Temple uses a split home for Colin's parents' life (you do not know I do not know them after the movie) and a song that invokes apathy. The great song, a large number of characters, is not enough time, suddenly drifted into another area of ​​deficiency and just fell into your hands. If it's not enough, we're trying to figure out some of the great songs on our heads, to find out where our heroes are or where they are, and end Temple with hatred, anger, and politics. move it. I hope this film will be a special topic, and I did not think it would be racist. Suddenly, friends are missing, people are angry and live in poverty, and there is a different racial friend because there are some random guys fighting Colin? Someone here helps me. It ran completely and appeared great? nearly came to the point where he wanted to turn off the movie. The end of the "Absolute Beginners" has left me no excitement at the moment of opening. <br /> <br /> In the first part, he determined his speed and Temple could not continue. In general, it is necessary to say that Temple can make a musical video, but I do not think it's quite ready for the feature film. I do not think that this film will become a full "religious" status, and it will probably not be in the future or in the dollar building. It's a fun movie to watch first, but when it comes to the last part, it only explodes inside. I wanted a number of advanced jobs, but instead of what I saw was a combination of heroes. I could see how this movie belongs to young people in the 80's, but in the end they were forced to do so. In my opinion, everyone in this production has taken a moment and has always been listening to "Motivation" by Angry Bowie, which has helped to make a better religious status. I'm very glad to look at this movie once, but everything that my little brain can do. Temple caught me in the head but could not control her characters (the road was too long) and it seemed that the songs did not fit the last minute of the movie. He never came out and did not want to. If it were a film about racism, it had to do it from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a great adventure, but I do not think that this film will be cleared of dust in the future. Rank: *****
