"La Lupa Mannara" aka. Since 1976, "Werewolf" is a very high-profile movie, but it's far too far away for my friend to have fun for the Italian Horror enthusiasts. You will not hear Rino Di Silvestri telling you that the film is completely bad - it has stylish moments and the first half is really fun (although fun is not fun). The film, however, comes from Annik Borel, a leading actress in the field of adventure. However, a film that does not have any real-life (at least one non-linear) movie often does not give any meaning, and in the second half of it most incredibly drags. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) dreams about a naked dance at night before transforming into a strange werewolf woman. Daniella is afraid of men because she is being harassed as a woman. When his sister (religious siren Dagmar Lassander) came to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly felt her husband attracted and then turned into a Werewolf ... or something. The story does not really give the slightest meaning to make it so much fun to watch in the first half of the film. The most important characteristic is Daniella, a schizophrenic blend of dark hysteric and lusty nymphomaniac, sometimes turned into a werewolf. Director Di Silvestri chose to prepare holes in the plot with many beautiful women working for me. There are some things that are doing pretty well. The film is never a little suspenseful or creepy, but at the beginning it is very entertaining. Also, if you do not try to hide that the sleaze is a slice, the camera often approaches about the specific parts of the Miss Borel for a simple heck. I am not complaining. For some reason, Di Silvestri chose to film the film for a long time, completely changing the course of the film. Although Daniella is a typical wizard who can not help, but who is following the cries of curse, it changes suddenly when faced with a man (Howard Ross is in Il Boss, Fernando Di León, 1973). Suddenly, he returns normally again, and the next part of the film does not remain in the first half. After a while, it is pretty cursed; If we take into account everything, it would be best for the 99-minute movie to be only 70 minutes away. Finally, they even want to force us to believe that the absurd story (if you can say it) is based on real events. "Werewolf" has several talent qualities; My friend Italo-Horror's supporters can do this. However, if you want to watch Italian Horror / Exploitation movies since the 1970s, there are hundreds of movies you can see before.
