London Dreams, driven by Vipul Shah, is an insane foolish film about foolish people. This symbol is simply a movie that can be solved instantly in case of conversation and conversation. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an exciting pop-singer in London's Wembley Stadium, facing the ghost crowd. Salman Khan's best friend and companion Manu is jealous, but it is clear that she is more capable, but she is not approaching or enthusiastic. When Arjun decides to sabotage Manu, the latter's popularity threatens to eliminate himself. Now we can help them heartily. If Arjun explained that this Wembley idea was for himself, Manu would rely on it and allow Arjun to fulfill his childhood dream, and we refrained from watching the rest of this inaccurate act. But director Vipul Shah and his writers will not give us any benefit. London Dreams is packed with unwanted ghosts, like a back story covering Arjun's father, who committed suicide in the shyness of the scene to a full Wembley concert. Or a ridiculous event in a demonstration that Manu had to fulfill his vocal responsibilities after the candy burst, silenced Arjun. Simply, folly, it does not end there. In the attempt to apologize to Manu, Arjun uses Manu's drug-related relationships. Buxom group urges Manu to pull down several tequila throws, but replaces his salt with cocaine. As you know, Manu had a lot of appetite for addictive white powder, and it was practically like eating a meal. If this is not enough, then Manu has a scene from a girl followed by her to learn who she is. Finally, with a dark London lane, Manu, who is hiding on her knees, claims he can do something to mislead his girlfriend. Wait, there's more! When you close Arjun's belt, wait longingly for long, and draw all romantic or lusting thoughts into a romance or lust for the direction of Priya, the lead opponent of the band (to be played by Asin). Because nothing should overlook it and its musical goals. Inspired by Milis Forman's Amadeus, it's crucial to compare with Rock On last year! Until the end of Vipul Shah, it is a gentle melodrama, gently controlled by these scenarios. The film focuses on a broad mood, overlapping feelings, and mainly chooses noise over the subtlety. Salman Khan is all grace and beloved, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan works for the Manu character that comes off passively with a performance that is very obstructed. When Arjun reached the boiling point, he eventually led to an inadequate pre-climax scene that was filled with plastic bottles as it was exposed and attracted to a concert hall. From the rest of the cast, there is no word I can say for Asin, which illuminates Gajini with his charm, but here he is betrayed with unnecessary immorality in an unreasonable role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, simply dropped sidekicks in the group, regularly come together and usually say "Let's say, dude!" London Dreams is a tired hour for an irritable writing and neat direction. See if Salman Han has turned into a bonafide action style for buffoonery. This is a sad, sad movie that will make you smile.
