When this film was first screened on television, I hoped that as the experience of American soldiers, we finally got a decent film about the First World War. Unfortunately, this is not. <br /> <br /> It should be a good movie about WWI. Despite the fact that it has been made for television, it has made real effort to use the appropriate equipment and requisites. But the writing and the management are incomplete, although the creators of this film borrowed from well-prepared war movies. The war film clips are probably more like a proud general, who does not look at the flip of the men's life. While Hollywood was the worst generals when most of the combat units were fighting, and did not know what mediocrity was related to? The first part of this film looked like "Glory Roads" with the American shirt. Apart from that, "Glory Roads" emotionally captured. Later, he was captured by an American soldier from enemy troops from Camel's (except railroad) and "red line of soldiers" from Gettysburg. But the "Thin Red Line" was alone when the soldier was captured. In this film, an armor is formed around the new prisoner in the middle of the war. <br /> <br /> If a military adviser used this movie, they did not see it. The actors (though they never forgot their actors) have deceived the military tactics, but I have not seen much. When the German soldiers attacked, American soldiers stood up to be shot. Storm Troopers, who had been blind, probably did not use any tactics in their attacks. In the real war, tactics, how powerful the storm soldiers have been. But the silliest scene was attacked by German Flamethrowers. At this stage, German flamethrowers drew a broad line of Americans defending their operators. <br /> <br /> Let's also note that most of the Azerbaijanis living in the United States,. But it still creates disappointment. But it really turned me into a flick, a typical antivirus countermeasurated by filmmakers. True, war is hell. But many American soldiers, though unhappy and unkempt, believe in what they do and can be very gung-ho. My dad served in the First World War, and despite being killed four years before my birth, they reported how proud my service was.
