The Ewige Jude, the eternal Jew, does not have the implications of a scientific paper today: experts, or sources to support, but rather to convince us without the opposition American newspapers of that era have been adjusted more than just as the ethics of the modern audience, dramatic scenes, and presents them as actual news). The introduction of this propaganda that the film director Hipple was "conveying to the transmitter" has led to the fact that so many Jewish Europeans have long been hated by Jews, that is, their immorality. The weakest link in the logic of the film shows the "rats" analogy, which continues to explain the behavior of the rats and adds something as "Well, the Jewish people are similar". Similarly, he characterizes the Jewish people with the ugly character of the ugly Jewish nation in comparison with the attractive giants; Secondly, ugly is bad. The film is opposed several times, for example, by attacking Western artists who portray Old Testament characters as lightweight Europeans; therefore, the text acknowledges that "Hebrew" is a very important part of the Christian culture of ethnic origin. In addition, ghetto Jews look at flip-flops by saying that they live in washing impurities, look back at their treasures, and then leave those unwilling idlers rich and luxurious. By the way, who would not? Using a scene from a famous American film Rothschild shows that logic is at the same level. First, the film was adopted by the Jews; probably used by Hippler to check the deceptions of the Jews (the above-mentioned prosecution of the poverty by the Ghetto Jews, which is a means of avoiding taxes, although the spin of Rothschild's character has been subjected to excessive taxation by Jews); Finally, Rothschild once again praised the film to show that the famous bank invented the family's audit account. It may be more apparent with these vague recurring ideas that America's appearances will show as positive or negative, but at first glance, it is some of the darkest transfers. For all of the eternal Jewish flaws, I was surprised that for the first time IMDb audience rating for this movie was so shy to "5" so far. I would say that the EJ's documentary value exceeded its original purpose and offered us unwittingly, suggesting that the life of European Jews would not appear in a few years. It is not necessary to say that the film is too bad, and that it is bad, or just a bad idea, to film as a propagandist. You have to wait for the flip flops to see the director Hippler again, "I wanted to do that too!" He went forward. The scenes reflecting the animal trim are particularly terrible and the same as those that are inhumane in contravention of Kosher's law to prevent catastrophes. I would like to comment on some of the movies and some of these procedures, and I would like to comment on the picture.
