La Chute de Maison, as well as the Fall English audience of Usher's House, was sending a letter from his friend, Sir Roderick, starting with Allan (Charles Lamy) for the Usher (Jean Debucourt) Castle, and his wife Madeleine was ill. Once upon a time, Allan found Madeleine very sick and her husband, Roderick, settled down to draw his portrait. Roderick, painted by Madeleine, is as weak and weak as the picture is out of life, Allan is trying to help the friend, but the disaster strikes quickly ... <br /> <br /> French production was written by this post, by Jean Epstein produced and directed and was the second part of the two films brought to Usher's home in 1928, honestly do not know that the original novel was published in 1839, 89 years to adapt to a movie, and two at the same time! Anyway, I have a problem here because I have read very positive reviews about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not a good person to write a comment about it, but I have to say nothing to me. I did not like it, it was a silent film and therefore based on imagery, even though the story was weak, I thought the film was boring and boring, and it only lasted about an hour, and it really did nothing for me. La Chute de la Maison Usher is about 80 years old, and a whole lifetime world, cinema and tastes have long since migrated and have never found any delight in this film. I felt that this film had a bad history and probably could not start it in any way. I did not feel for any character, I did not care about something that happened, and I found something tougher than I was, and I felt sorry if there was a quiet movie, but I felt it. <br /> <br /> If the author runs an OK job on Epstein, I think of many people about the images of La Chute de la Maison Usher, and I have definitely understood it, but I thought it was a little too much. I do not hear what people are saying and actually do not hear what they say, it just strangled me, I did not like music, and I put the cards in the true French language, which was narrated by the most frank French accent. According to a story written by Edgar Allen Poe, unlike one or two main elements, he doubts his numerous uniqueness, with Usher, who plays the lead role of Vincent Price, with the fantastic Roger Corman House. <br /> <br /> Given that the film was technically well prepared. La Chute de la Maison Usher is an old era crooked or past trapped in the cave I want to make my films a story, not to hold me out and not to make a sound, and I'm sorry for that, but how do I feel if the last statement sounds like I could not handle it? The world has been good since 1928.
