People who shoot Dead Office at Dead love B-movie horror. For Kevin Smith's style debate, he does not believe in horrific occupation (but does not believe in horrifying occupation), so that he does not repeat the last night of Sea Jones's "Night of the Night". <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it is more than just love to shoot a good movie. <br /> <br /> The staging and shooting selection is unexpected and impossible. A common recommendation in the film school 'While trying to escape the Mastershot Theater' story, as we describe in detail in the master-shooting, we find in the preceding sequence that it is difficult to understand the space between the character as a story. A series of mid-rolls without shooting to close together. There are editing drab and key and sometimes non-mandatory fabrics. Lighting is flat and sometimes dirty, makes it difficult for scenes to be erected in the dark theater (where there was a lighting or just shot with a light?). Some shots are not in focus. The dialogue is very strange and for the majority of the performances (there are some nice energy like Yesaya Robinson Curtis, and there are some nice line reads on the project, Michael Allen Williams's Theater Manager and Casey Kirkpatrick, an exciting movie geek Eric). Stage, even B, is foolish to sneak horrified (Also, Dr Eisner was unaware of the project's Paperclip - he saved himself from many difficulties!). 'Zombies' are dangerous and their makeup is inaccurate (although trying to get a gumball removed from the car, although there is very little blood or violence for a zombie fan movie, though it's pretty well done.) Random music stylistically though it is sometimes a good thing and has some good foul effects, the parody of Time Warp did not hear much fun, though it was less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the beaten dialogue sounds flat. Before the main feature, I had a special presentation from Troma Films by Lloyd Kaufman - although he acknowledged that Kaufman did not see the movie while connecting his materials and being kidnapped in the Toxie mask, his production and entertainment values ​​were more than "dead"  ksəkdir (filmi bir araya gətirən hər kəs üçün birbaşa kənarlaşır - film lideri haqqında geri sayım yalnız hər bir sayıda deyil plus daha sonra flash-çərçivədə 2 səslənir). For this reason, vampire film cinemas were seen as early as the "dead", which seemed much more entertaining. <br /> <br /> Recommend that you do not know if Lloyd Kaufman, who does not know or care for someone in production, is not complementary (he plays "Kaufman the Minion" in the film). <br /> <br /> (Full description: this is an extra addition to my girlfriend in this movie.
