Responding to previous comments by residents in the area where this film was lensed: One blocking and destroying the Ocean View Lunapark led to a decline in the surrounding neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Until the construction of the Interstate 64 jump over Ocean View, the main route of traffic passed through the heart of the Ocean. After the establishment of an intergovernmental state, Ocean View quickly turned into a ghost town with a business closure and an increase in crime. This led to a significant reduction in revenue from a new competition from the nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Moreover, over the last few years, Norfolk has done a remarkable job for the reconstruction of the area, making it a place for construction of high-rise residential buildings in the region. <br /> <br /> Roller coaster destroying images are said to be used in the Rollercoaster. This is also wrong. <br /> <br /> Regarding the film itself, the film "Ocean View Park" was, of course, unreasonable in the water adjacent to the Park after the film was shot, but one of the first B movie films it was as characteristic. With dashing, the scenery is strange on almost every scene of key actors. I do not believe that this film is meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I believe that Playboy has been tested with a new non-loudspeaker format to determine whether it's an extension for the company (probably not!). In the old amusement park, a strange force in the water causing strange events sounded well in the conference room, but concluded that it would not be executed. The roller coaster and the rest of the park are meant for split balls; <br /> <br /> For a daily movie viewer, "Just look and remember" (except for the fans of Diana Canova) for a film "To Arise Strangely enough to Justify an Explosive Death"; For thousands of people who live in the area and reminiscent of the park, this film is the oldest city of Norfolk, the first "Harbor Festini" and the Old Dominion University, like "go down the memory lane" for the park. A limited version of this movie on DVD will be respected.
