Only "headline" (with the poster) is enough to give the "Predicted Man" as an obvious violation of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, you would think it would be better to look at the typical IMDb, no one's the idea of ​​a reasonable stand for Vincent Price. However, if Micheal Gough existed, who would you think? Still, it went pretty wrong in the spirit of watching an English "Hammer" style movie with a science fiction theme about a teleportation experience ... well, you still have a "Predicted Man" for a pass and rummage to another teleporter-crash movie At Wal-Mart, 'wearing'. <br /> <br /> Halil has captured a very good label in this film and the "Devil's puppet" by the crew of the MST3K, but it's really something in the best TPM. Maybe it is a movie, but the scenario does not get any help here. The screenplay is a nonsense of background and university politics and of a guy named Lembach and some of the embarrassing puppet who does not want to use a teleportation machine ... or something to steal. All dramatic sequences in the first half of the film are either phone calls or non-specific special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats. When the poorest carpet is shaken by a car, the latter part is made up of more than half a portion of the film, while the rest is a rubber cement, and electrify the various Londoners who have lost their chance along the way. Tom Cruise and Erik Roberts, using bullhorns, failed to do this scenario. Along with this, all other actors are diligently playing a role and role in the implementation of this exciting little project, but scenarios only snoop on their efforts. The corrupt project manager makes the phone inflated, smoky and feels like a werewolf for a tweed suit and Tattersall sail. Halide's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the most convincing romanticism in the history of the British horror movie. His secretary has to walk around his "streets." No one really works or turns into a real movie. <br /> <br /> No, for all the problems, of course, I can solve all the problems. easily identifies many horror movies from the same era, which is bad or bad, and anyone watching movies (or everyone who looks at the IMDb "Bottom 100") may be. I actually pay for the "Predicted Man", but if it were included in some arrangements with a DVD set and many other films, I probably felt good about it. It is a perfectly harmless sabotage for a fright film movie festival to watch with friends while consuming a lot of beer and snacks on Saturday night.
