I love everything, merciful Paul Naski (RP) always love it. All films made by Nasi are not great, all of them have a special charm that can be found anywhere in Naschy-flicks and they always enjoy it. However, there is no exception to this as "El Mariscal Del Infierno". "The presence of the devil" (1974) proves. The film has a special Nashi-Flick, though, unfortunately, it is very drag and really really boring among them. Nashi's stars, such as bad Baron Gilles De Lancré, weaken the people and use black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. Gaston de Malebranche (Berlín), who struggled side by side with Gilles De Lancré, is learning Baron's bad behavior, helping his former spouse to attack a gun and release people from the barbaric barbarism ... <br /> <br /> Naski himself, director of Leon Klimovsky, is known for his direct involvement in La Noche De Walpurgis (1971). Nashi often writes his films and must say again that he was a much more original work here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mainly based on a Horror film, not as a historical adventure, but rather quite boring. The film is similar to the Swords and Sandals films since the 50's, but this film was built during the Middle Ages. The part of Satan is likely to be added, because the name of the great Paul Nase belongs to the Horror genre. When Paul Naski made strange performances, Paul Naski seemed strange, Paul Naschi did the devil things, Paul Naschy tortured innocent victims, and so on. But, unfortunately, most of the film concentrates on drunken hero and good guys, and these moments are boring. Female cast members are great to look at, but unlike most Naski films, this is no nudity and sleaze. There are some extravagance, but most of them are mostly glamorous and not very fun because they are in the majority of Naschy movies. In general, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is just something for my comrade Nashi enthusiasts. Previously known as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" (1973), La Orgia De Los Muertos (1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba" (1973), "Latidos De Panico" ("Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004), "Waldemar Daninsky" wolf films. R.P. Paul Naski. Legends are dead!
