The author and production staff began drawing a picture reflecting the frustration of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website wanted to say that Ayat was himself and Rachel's secret reason - a male problem, probably pregnancy. The verse speaks of only the death of a close friend in the hands of the Israelites, just about his death at home. Gosh, why did a young, cute, intelligent girl who had plans for college on earth and did such a thing? Can hormonal be traumatized without seeing someone loved by an emotional teenager? In the film this detail is more than 5 seconds. Rachel's mother, Avigail Levy, is a member of the Ahras family (along with 22 other family members) to prevent the destruction of the building. First, there is an impression that this proposal is a "privilege" - Ms. Axras agrees to talk to her, "why me?" (because the film was taken out of the house - the interview led to what he wanted - so he brought the bulldozer). Female Levy "claims that she wants to be a cathartic and symbol of the film" has the chance to go away from hate and hatred "- instead of using her as a pretext to carry the mother, her home is a root, and two women live only 4 miles Do you think that the realities of occupation for the Palestinian neighbors really think that Mrs. Ahras might have a cup of coffee? I asked him to prevent a chance to meet with Mrs Ahras and see what kind of life he had come from (the Akras family came from Jaffa in advance, but now living in a refugee camp, he lived only 4 miles from where he lived in comparative luxury.My wife Levy would have to deal with me as a fair bitchiness.My mother of Ayats, she and her family were painted as monsters Heck music and sound design were one-sided - I read the mules four times a day from the Levy family home every day, and this is always a sincere new-looking excuse for a documentary A vice versa of age music is a key. There is also a problem of minor translations - Mrs. Levy, if you have something to read from the beginning, will call the camera immediately in English. Mr. Ahza, sometimes speaking Arabic, sometimes interpreter, was sometimes very suspicious of a hateful and very objective film. They also illuminated under the "fried" boards. She also edited for Axras's segments. Because I loved Ayat's mother and father, I like a good man. In HBO, he is ashamed of releasing such a sad bomb in the producer and director.
