Cassavetes was a clear, sensitive person, brave new ideas about making movies. He wanted to be auteur to get away from the system and bring a new realism to American cinema. For this, I welcome it. Unfortunately, as a member of the audience, I can not applaud a woman because of her influence. Cassavetes could have been an interesting subject (a crazy woman) and in a way, was able to prepare a dull movie full of long, ad-lyabbed ranting and drawn scenes. The film seems to have been a gift to capture the horrors of a man's life, and often he turned the camera into a family and would allow the engine to work and work. This tactic can be accepted if Cassavetes seizes something devastating - or even the kernel of something could not get a conventional film into his heart. But I've found that performances, especially Rowlands, are artificial. For a moment, I did not believe he was really crazy. I actually met people who were mentally disturbed, but none of them saw that no woman was acting as a woman under the influence of Gena Rowlands. He played as a drinking woman, and even in a lot of things, because we see only one drink at the beginning, but it's drunk for the rest of the movie. There are moments when something really stuck, but it's too small and far between these moments; he is not a mentally retarded character. <br /> <br /> The novice, who appears in this movie and has a high IMDb rating, will have to love it and will not doubt it. the rate is quite high, it is only to prove that it has achieved it. Do not judge yourselves - brainwashed by the hype. Like Vyudy Allen, John Cassavetes could have been charged with solidity in filmmaking, as seen in his infinitely more attractive way of psyche and his own life experiences. he could not imagine that others did not show himself to be complicated and complicated. But Woody Allen has presented a gift to entertain at least one audience - he knows that it's a charming story structure and a good humor dose for any movie. Cassavetes has worked in some discipline (and sharp double edging scissors!), A woman under an influence might have a chance. But what is the purpose of creating a "realist" film if only the only people who can continue to sit on this place are the pupils of the craftswomen who are worshiping Cassavetes? Without betraying anything, I believe that Cassavetes can make a little more accessible by keeping the speed with a true plot rather than presenting a woman's 30 minute long storytelling scenes. If you only shoot a movie for yourself and some fans, you will only reach the converted ones. Watch this movie with your own eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you really are really good about it, it's good for you.
