Actor and independent writer / director John Cassavetes, a female watchman under Effect, looks at the working class family with a mental disorder problem. His wife, Nick (played by Peter Falk), is a blue collar worker who is forced to show the amount of attention his wife Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands). From the beginning of the film it is clear that Mabel is very strange and odd, but in a matter of minutes he is more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. His cursed mind was gone. Nick attempts to hide these workers and asks him to do well as he tries to deny Mabel's illness after making a pretty strange event at dinner. <br /> <br /> I found some problems in this movie. I think that these problems are mostly present in the story and have moved towards the end of some of the characters. Mabel is loyal, because he really is nuts. After six months, he is ready to leave the hospital and throws a party to return her husband. At the beginning of the film, it never stupid. Why did he invite all these people and some of them to Mabel when his wife was in such a state of emergency? It's not a simple thing. Later, when Mabel came home, Mabel's father, Nick, had a great explosion, and he did not want to eat spaghetti, but he screamed over his lungs. Her daughter just returned from a six-month rehabilitation period, and what you want to keep her calm and take a spaghetti over the spaghetti? A few minutes later, the film brings the Mabel to the ladder basin and forces him to do the job when he is mentally unstable; make her weird noise and gestures. Did not he send him there to do better and avoid these things? There were various parts that followed, but there is no need to look further. In my opinion, Cassavetes' decision to move the characters in this way was a serious problem. <br /> <br /> However, despite my problems with the film's end, there was actually a point that would have missed it; player. Gena Rowlands played an incredible naked woman. It was his activity, and when I forgot, I went to his wild shoots and to bare things I was afraid of. He was incredibly convincing and intense. But I was also impressed by the rest of the Mabel family. Peter Falk was a very strange person, and I thought his children were working in a way that studied their work and, in particular, their way of life. I usually do not appreciate child players. But in this film, the young people who played Nick and Mabel's children were extraordinary. Mabel really felt like children because they looked like him and were very interested in helping her with the problem. In my opinion, their performances are one of the things that keeps this movie together and, without them, make the film more realistic and less intense. <br /> Generally I did not admire this movie. The story was embarrassing and complicated, and the characters acted in ways that made it difficult for a film maker. Only saving grace was the role of Roland's family's brilliant leading role. Their real dialogue and the strongest actor have kept the film together, and maybe the film has nothing to do with anything.
