DVD is the last night of the double night project, the last chance to catch old movies after being completely forgotten as the Border. Were there great expectations for this return in 1982? The Wild Bunch's Walon Green is a script written by Harry Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine, and Tony Richardson, although Jack Nicholson can still operate without semaphore (although the force that has been spent)? but now it does not go on television. Nicholson's frontier patrol offers wealthy opportunities to comment on the US's desires of capitalism and significant consumption in the 80's until the border patrol, waiting for something unusual for drug dealing or human trafficking, to finance the brutal materialism of his wife until repetition. is. When he finds his partners, his conscience is also in the business of selling babies. Unfortunately, he would never really contaminate his hands, but his eyesight even closed his eyes before going to the surface. The film always writes a lot of writers and numerous committees, and just feels that the last DVD freedom is silent as an opportunity to restore the original, nihilist end of Nicholson's edge and the border storm station. <br /> <br /> <strong > Nicholson's conscience crisis, as it did in film, was probably not very convincing, but it should have been better than the crude massacre, which had been abandoned by the basic rules of film, logic and even sustainability: at one point it kept the weapon and then elsewhere and tried to kill it, In the house, jumping like a gazelle at the Rio Grande port, the character of Valerie Perrine falls to an exponential level. The animosity of the piece is destroyed by absurd comfort (and an effective car stereo) during a happy ending, and you are totally interested in watching another movie yourself. The rest of the film proves that melodrama suddenly becomes more crushing. Unfortunately, the well-titled song on the Ry Cooder's border line tells them all more economically. But if you want to know the real murder of the movie, a great Warren Oates is completely wasted. Even when you are unable to create an impression you really know something wrong. It's very easy to remember all this, so I found something so forgotten.
