When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see the interior. It was one of the many movies I watched with my parents, but it was the only movie we came from. Since then I have never seen Interiors until recently and without it I could live the rest of my life. What a pretentious, sluggish and painfully boring piece of guts with wine and cheese from the 70's. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst piece of his career. In the unique style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us dark, angular, silent insight into the family life caused by psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, lack of love, stinking shadow. The film, intentionally, has no comic relief, no music and is steeped in dark pathos. This style of film can best be defined as an expressionistic nature, using an improvised dialogue method to prohibit "a more explicit depth of meaning and truth". But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But besides, I just did not have any connection or compassion for any of the characters. Instead, I felt only contempt for this parade of shuffling, whimpering, stained with the nicotine of a martyr in a constant search for identity. In the background of the cosmopolitan affluence and the baked intelligence of Brie, history rolls like a fart in a room. Everyone speaks about various phrases and exaggerated language between cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling," desperately seeking direction, understanding, or anything else, and it just goes on until you just want to slap them all. It's never about resolution, it's all about endless introspective chatter. It is nothing but a psychological drama that goes beyond the limits of the recipients' possibilities. Woody Allen decided to make the characters so immersed that we feel left out. For this reason, I consider this film painful and indulgent spiritually. I see what he is aiming at, but insisting on promoting his message through Prozac's prozac and distorted movie techniques deprives him of significance. I highly recommend this one if you feel a bit too happy and need something that will remind you of death. Otherwise, let's pretend that this movie never happened.
