Airport '77 begins when the new luxury 747 aircraft is filled with valuable images and such belonging to the wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who flies them and some VIPs to his estate as part of the preparation for opening to the public as a museum also on the board is the daughter of Stevens Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxury jet will start as planned, but in the middle of the flight the plane will be conquered by the second pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two partners Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki), who knock the passengers and crew burn the gas, plan to steal a valuable cargo and land on an unused airplane lane on an isolated island, but when his descent Chambers nearly hits the oil platform in the ocean and loses control of the plane by sending him hitting the sea, where he drowns in the lower right corner inside the Bermuda Triangle. With air shortage, leakage of water and over 200 miles of the course, problems affect the survivors because they wait for help with a fast passage of time ... <br /> <br /> Also known under a slightly different plate Airport 1977 is the second sequel of the popular catastrophic thriller at the airport (1970) directed by Jerry Jameson and once again, as predecessors, I can not say that Airport '77 is some forgotten classic that is fun, although not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three movies at the airport that I've seen so far, I really liked the best one. It has my favorite story with three, with nice hi-jacking in the air, and then breaking (did not see the drilling platform?) And sinking 747 (maybe the producers tried to cross the original airport another popular disaster from the The Poseidon Adventure (1972)) and it is immersed where it remains until the end with the dilemma facing the trapped inside, or it suffocates when the air ends or drowns when 747 floods or if any of the doors are open and it is a decent idea that could have contributed to the great minor disaster, but bad, unpleasant character, boring dialogue, drowsy sets and a real lack of danger, tension or tension means that this is a missed opportunity. While the rather slow plot provides entertainment for 108 odd minutes, it does not happen so much after the sinking of the plane and is not as urgent as I expected. Even when the Navy gets involved, things are not so popular because several shots of large ships and helicopters are flying, but something is missing here. George Kennedy as a jinxed airline employee Joe Patroni is back, but he only gets a few scenes and does not even say anything that he would like to look worried about in the background. <br /> <br /> Home video and theater version of Airport '77 run 108 minutes, while American television versions add an extra hour of material, including a new opening sequence, many other scenes with George Kennedy as Patrons, flashbacks to create characters, longer rescue scenes and discovery or a few other dead bodies, including a navigator. Although I would like to see this additional footage, I am not sure if I could withstand an almost three-hour break at airport "77". As expected, the film ended badly with terrifying mods and interior design, I will also say that nothing more than the effects of the toy airplane model. Along with the other two sequels at the airport, this is a proud place in the Hall of Shame Razzie Award, although I can think of many inferior films than this, so I think it's a bit harsh. Action scenes are a bit boring, the pace is slow and there is not too much emotion or tension, which is a shame, I think, it can be quite a good movie if it is done correctly. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are fine if nothing spectacular. Acting is not great, said the double Oscar winner Jack Lemmon, because making a mistake was a mistake. A certain Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and frail, and once the Oscar winner Lee Grant looks drunk, while Sir Christopher Lee is not too much to do and there are many other face acquaintances to pay attention to. <br /> <br /> Airport '77 is the most disoriented of the three Airport films so far and I liked the ideas, even if they were a bit stupid, but the direction of production and gentleness does not help, and the film about the sunken plane should not be boring or lethargic. Then The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
