The summer season is here when the cinema choices are limited to the hottest movie of the week, taking into account 99.9% of screens devoted to its display. OK, so I can overdo it with a percentage, but you get my drift. In addition to Hollywood footage, Bollywood also has its share of expected hits, and from some trailer shows I am also excited about watching them. Tashan was considered one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was very surprised by the lower than low attendance at the cinemas. When I watched Jodh Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not Tashan. <br /> <br /> After seeing him I knew why. It was fun, but it was basically weak. As in the literal English title, which means 'style', Tashan is style but little content. It is not that there is no ordinary star power, but the scenes were forced, and some bordered on a bit of ridicule, even with the Bollywood standards I have to say. Which is quite surprising, considering that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed enormously. <br /> <br /> In your debut director with Tashan, while you can not fault him, you'll probably scratch the storyline that was clumsy at best. She tried to throw too many things into the story, although you could admit that it allowed some questions about the hero's motivation, but it was a bit too late, and only towards the finale, which left you guess for a moment in front of him. imitating many Thai action movies, with a wire in Hong Kong and a funny Hollywood firearm and zero-recoil shooting. In order to include everything, including the sink, there is a range of vehicles, and the one who took the cake, in homage to Dhoom 2, is a jet boat in the wilderness. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be admired as an unintentional comedy, and this is attributed to how heroes were cast. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, the director of the call center, who teaches English only as a platform for catching new materials for girls. His playboy methods are pushed aside when he meets Pooj Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly what he seems to be, a meek and sweet hottie. He is involved in Jimmy's services for his boss, Bhaiyyaji gangster (Anil Kapoor), who probably laughs when he speaks in broken English, and phrases must like what ah-beng does. To complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchana Pandey, an illiterate gangster who hired Bhaiyyaji to hunt Jimmy and Pooja when they flee the money stolen from Bahiyyaji's interests. <br /> <br /> So the journey begins, with friends who turn into enemies, and the enemies you know become friends when the journey takes. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most incredible of all, because he goes from zero to hero, making moves that would embarrass Rambo, in absolutely no time, which is completely out of character. Kareena Kapoor strengthens the sexual factor, using her charms to bite both men, and has plenty of opportunities to do this, taking into account the many advertised bikini scenes and other costumes that pride themselves on sinking into the neckline or the helions above the knee. Each character has a storyline and I thought that Bachchan Pandey Akshaya Kumara was probably the best, the most touching and the most funny, even though his character seemed very similar to the non-green Hulk with his gravity jumps and power packing punches. His wounds also heal automatically, which impresses Wolverine impressively. And the best is his theme song, which is a damn alpha-male and played in the ra-ra mode every time he takes over opponents. <br /> <br /> But it's sad to say that it is the only melody that is memorable, something that "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey" cheers. For the majority of Bollywood movies watched, I will usually be able to emerge from shows humming melody or two despite obvious language gaps. I could not do it after Tashana, because unfortunately the songs just were not catchy. Usually, a song / dance routine fits well into the story without having to extract characters from the current scene or place. I like it, compared to plucking them and placing them in extreme conditions on the top of the mountain, or on top of jagged rocks on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably did not take herself too seriously, but it comes from Vijay The story of Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something more decent than ridiculous, as well as continuity to be a little more cautious. Announced as a blockbuster, I can now begin to understand why the crowds have already avoided it. Although Akshay Kumr steals the program, Tashan could have been better.
