The view of Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is the only thing that wakes you up from sleep while watching Tashana? mega disappointing, stunning new movie in theaters this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see them every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a scary movie. Horrible because it takes the audience for granted, terrible also because filmmakers expect to escape without plot or common sense just because they have big movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what he describes as a road movie, but one that goes in all wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan portrayed Jimmy Cliff, the director of the call center who hired Bhaiyyaji to teach English - Anil Kapoor playing an ambitious gangster UP, desperate to breathe. Jimmy has a look at Pooja, a pretty young gangster assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor) who uses Jimmy to cheat his boss from 25 rupees crore. Determined to regain his money, and to punish both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted supporter for the task. So you have Akshaya Kumara as Bachchana Pandey, a faithful helper of the Kanpur gang who tracks the perpetrators and recovers stolen money hidden in the entire length and width of the country. a shabby script focused on the story of the vendetta. But the treatment is so exaggerated, so indulgent that he fails to establish a connection. Instead of a coherent scenario or the traditional structure of three acts, you get a handful of sets around which most of the scenes are loosely constructed. This flashy song in the desert, action scene avoiding missiles in the Rajasthan fort, Kareeena's bikini moment, even this absurd climatic stage of action complemented with Shaolin monks, water scooter fastened by dirty nails and believe it or not, even Tonga with Dhanno-style horse-driven. In truth, not all of these songs are badly made - a song in the desert is pretty cool - but not much of it makes sense in the wider picture, because you just go from one piece to another without any help from the script really. Not much can be expected in a seemingly fast road movie to find an awfully sentimental retrospective song about childhood lovers. You see a problem with Tashane, which no one associates with this film, he knew what movie they were doing. What's more, I do not think they care - the film reeks of arrogance. Arbitrarily packing elements of each genre, without thinking whether the mix works, Tashan is like a boiled goulash. There are films that kill you quietly, and then Tashan, a movie that kills you with excess. Packed in a snazzly with a glossy camera finish, exotic places and fancy costumes, each frame of the movie probably costs lakhs to fold it, but in the end it seems to be an empty piece because history does not stick. Lending the narrative from Tarantino and the style of Stephen Chow also does not help, because they do not mix with the thin plot of the film. Someone could complain a little less if the characters were more engaging, but the grotesque dialogue of Anil Kapoor with Hinglis makes you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan mindlessly surveys the movie, unable to find the legs. Meanwhile, Kareena Kapoor, the queen of the surplus, performs a decent job. But of course, if Tashan is saved to a certain extent, it is due to the irresistible presence of Akshay Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You are crumpled when you repeatedly spins in the crotch, and you winch when providing these double dialogues, but not for a moment you can tear your eyes off the screen when it is upstairs. Despite the good music of Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem to only prolong your misery. This is because Tashan is a test of your patience. In case you did not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say, this movie has none.
