Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution begins when America is infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population when excited men uncritically kill every woman visible in the name of God. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) has been brought by the government and knows more than most and feels that the situation may have gone too far, so he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take their teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) and try to survive because the future of the human race can depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian co-production was episode 7 from the second season of the Masters of Horrror show, directed by Joe Dante I, thought The Screwfly Solution is quite bad. Personally, I think that Sam Hamm's script sucks, that he's taking too seriously and I do not quite understand why he's part of the Masters of Horror series, and the horrors filmmakers make in The Screwfly Solution are in current history alone in the topics and ideas that it evokes, not on the visual horror screen, especially the weak ecological message that sees the intention of sinking our throats whenever the opportunity arises during a short 60-minute run time, which I myself considered a problem as an object ends that which can easily be interpreted as a necessity, and not any significant attempt to make a case. I was also not happy about the inconsistency with this story, if men kill only when sexually aroused, why the stewardess accidentally breaks the woman's neck on the plane? Was he sexually aroused, I think not. Why does every guy think he is killing in the name of God? I just do not see every guy on Earth who suddenly knows the Bible and starts to believe in God. I just said it was ridiculous, and the series clearly states that there is nothing religious about what's going on, so what about all those who think they have a divine murderer for every woman they see? Is it also the fact that people are influenced by various things, for example gays? Will they kill men instead of women? I know there's a short scene that makes a gay joke, but it's conveniently moved to one side and it's something that annoys me the most. The fact that supposedly every guy on earth turned into a psyche and killed all the women who deal with their daily affairs, as if nothing happened, it just was so stupid, the conspiracy is nonsense and to round it up is the end that looks as if it were taken from the discarded episode of The X-Files (1993 - 2002) with a bright neon alien. <br /> <br /> Director Dante at this show definitely does not qualify as a master of horror as far as I am concerned, history is poorly mastered, it is just so stupid, given that the game is deadly straight and instead of trying to create the right horror, turns a more thriller with a deadly virus into a loose situation, and the later mother and daughter for this reason work very little when it comes to what I would call an effective horror and even less gore. There is a scene in which a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a short scene after a guy stabs his own groin with a bottle, and another woman is stabbed in the stomach, but he does not write anything more about it. <br /> <br /> Technically like other episodes is really good and there is no look of a cheap TV series, special effects are great as usual and are well made. Acting is okay, but nobody really stood out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly Solution is the worst episode of the Horror Masters I've seen, but remember that I have not seen them all ... yet. As an independent element of entertainment, he did nothing for me, and as a show performed by the so-called Master of Horror, he disappoints me even more.
