Superman II - Richard Donner Cut should fulfill the dream of fans. After all, the film material visible only in the pictures and scenes that existed only on the printed page will eventually come to life. A director who was unable to realize his vision would have the opportunity to restore his vision. It looks like the situation wins. And then you start to look at this collection of materials and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a very real nightmare of sloppiness and incompetence. Although it is quite possible that no film can compete with the ready perfect version that each of us imagined for years, it really should be a thrill to finally see this project. And this is only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know things are unstable when the first piece of text on the screen looks like a home brewing computer graphics. But then we start watching new recordings (alternately with Superman - The Movie for the trial) and this first thread disappears. Hey, that's pretty cool! Things are fine in these few fleeting moments, until we see material from STM mixed with new effects for this project, and it does not convince. From then on, he never gives up. It is probably not appropriate to judge a movie because of poor visual effects, but when it is a direct continuation of the movie, whose slogan was "You'll Believe A Man Can Fly", it's hard to believe something shown on the screen here. The best effects in this are from original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this second cut. Many of them simply do not make sense. The only reason it really works is that we've all seen a movie version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Superman II Lester fills the holes of this team. Part of this may be due to the fact that Donner did not finish the shooting, the second part may be the fact that the creators of this project intended to use as little Lester material as possible. What we finish is the editing of the film material that makes Superman IV look tight and consistent. <br /> <br /> After watching this, you get the impression that while Lester was loyal and comfortable, using Donner's material, Michael Thau and his band were very disrespectful of everything Lester made. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are those that were raised relatively intact from the released version of Superman II. This includes the sequence of the moon and the dinner sequence, not ironically, both were filmed by Donner. But everything else from this film filmed by Lester is re-edited in such a hasty way that now it makes Lester seem to know nothing about ham. While Lester honored Donner's material, Lester is thrown into the bus. <br /> <br /> Is there anything good in this issue? Well, Marlon Brando is in it and it's nice to see you. In fact, watching any material made by Donner is neat, because it was filmed at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the problems of this release. Each of the main scenes (really Lois jumping and scenes with Marlon Brando) would be better realized as finished scenes in the section of the removed scenes. Instead, they are horned boots in a nonsense narrative with worse performances (many alternative shots from well-known scenes are used), sloppy editions and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene in the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at the back of Jackie Cooper, who calls Lois and Clark? Finally, why does Lois go to her dark apartment just to let Jackie Cooper enter the dark bathroom, lighting up the lights? At first, I was confused because I was expecting to see Lois. The whole assembly is full of dubious choices like this. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also a mess, with no geography between cuts. It's just a random action. Of course, the main action scenes were shot by Lester, and his material is only used as a bridge to the next set of results or Donner's alternatives. They should have used more of Lester's material, but they probably had too much pride to admit it. <br /> <br /> Sloppiness also extends to military missiles. As noted elsewhere, the missile shown in The Donner Cut bears the designation "XK 10" and we all know it is "XK 101"! Blind in STM knows it! The producers of this congregation, who tried so much to honor the original film, dropped the ball less than five minutes, and this mistake shows the quality of the whole production. Despite all the alleged care that has been put into it, the end product has a bit of shame that is inevitable. <br /> <br /> The whole thing would probably be easier to digest if Warner did not do it separately here in the states. In fact, we are expected to pay for what is basically a bonus disc for deleted scenes with the "Play all" option. It's really worth watching only so that we can finally see the legendary scenes, but after this initial viewing, I expect it will be an excellent magnet for dust and not much more. I know that after my experience of watching this, I had a new respect for the Lester version. It is not perfect in any case, but Lester realized the shortcomings that were in the script, which distinguishes itself here with bold relief. He managed to make a movie that will keep you entertained for many years and will continue to do so while this new work will probably be remembered as a footnote in the story of the movie.
