I came to the conclusion that it was time to release it. Pokémon fans are currently suffering in America. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to give us our favorite series and movies. As for the series, they do quite a good job, introducing the fun and magic of Japanese versions to television. What is their problem when it comes to films? Honestly, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I'm sure I'll see the fourth one. These are great films. They are pleasant and pleasant to watch. And after watching Pokémon 2000 in cinemas, I can not help thinking about how these American producers read Japanese scenarios. It looks like they are reading and seeing something that says, "Put an empty moral here" in large, bold letters. It definitely seems like that because they used the same great dubbing methods they used in MSB (extreme sarcasm) and created this nonsense. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilery tutaj * <br /> <br /> Well, I think I should first talk about Pikachu Rescue Adventure. My first problem with this was related to the narrative. I think they got quite bad comments about the Pokédex narrative that plagued Pikachu's Vacation, and instead of going with a caring, gentle female voice that appeared in Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just cut the narrative. It would not be a problem except one thing. Did anyone really understand why Exeggcute would not let Togepi go to the end? Probably fans, but certainly not parents. Then there is a theme song. I could not help but roll my eyes. The Japanese theme song was "Tankentai in Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and pleasant. This: nausea. One of my favorite short parts was the Kireihana dance. Nice music, fun. It changed thanks to Bellossom. Music was useless, but in addition they had the whole Pokémon conversation during the music, which turned out to be nervous, irritating and simply unnecessary. Oh, and then there is Poliwhirl who thinks he is Poliwrath. One would think that the guys who work with these characters are still at least learning what they are. Basically, not much could save this little goddamn dub, which is very unfortunate given its potential. But I have not touched the worst yet. <br /> <br /> You would think that warning signs would be obvious to me when I received my Nintendo Power number. For some unfathomable reason, I believed in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were "good, they fucked up the first movie, but the second is different when it comes to the topic, so they should do well." With that in mind, I just did not pay attention to the warning signs I encountered in theaters when the trailers said, "You will believe that one person can change everything." With the way they said that at every step I hoped that it would not turn into a moral festival, like the MSB at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears in the words "main function" Power of one ". At that moment, I became a little more anxious. `The Power of One?! 'This is not a good sign. However, I still have a part of my false faith. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, I literally got stomach cramps, watching another movie that I loved in Japanese, turning into complete and complete garbage. I hear comments that say it was better because the moral was more subtle. I see this point because they did not pander this thing, repeating it over and over again like in an MSB. However, it did more damage than anything else in this movie. First, the legend that has been read all the time has been slightly changed to read "the world is turning to Ash." Ah hah. So Ash is the chosen one? Anything. In the Japanese version, Arshii residents needed a Pokémon trainer to conduct a traditional ceremony. This time he is chosen. Lugia had a greater way of dealing damage. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in the movie Pokémon .... when the film ABOUT LUGIA. In this case, Lugia is forced to take back Ash's place. In the scene in which they fly back to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions for the existence of Lugia, not the fact that Ash will do anything. In general, in this category, Ash was not really the only person who would make a difference because many people helped him along the way. <br /> <br /> Many other things are a kind of madness. Flute's song Furury was not as sweet and pleasant as Japanese. Speech to Jirarudan to them that his collection "began with a Mew card?" Ugh. To make matters worse, Misty's outrage initially concerned the way in which Moltres and Zapdos were being held. `Why did not you catch them at Pokéballi when you caught them? It's like putting them in frames to be displayed. It is very different from the whining about him that Pokémon are things that should be collected as stamps. If there were any real redemption values ​​in it, they came from Team Rocket. Some funny lines. Not really to make me laugh, but to make me giggle and relieve stomach aches. It was officially the last American Pokémon movie that I will see. I imported the third one and found it very pleasant. I would prefer not to ruin another Japanese movie in the same way as the first two. I will also import a fourth one. Forget about you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You left me for the last time.
