OK, so I hear about the upcoming new movie Justin Timberlake, which contains some quite big names. I mean great actors like The Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, an asset to Hollywood, but totally wasted in this movie. Then we got Kevin Spacey, who has been a big fan for a long time since I watched American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both great actors probably signed up for the movie, thinking it would be a great movie, just like when I heard this story. Then, go to the face of Justin Timberlake. I'm talking fresh because it's his first movie, and these rotten tomatoes have not hit him yet. Well, let me add that the reason for this is that no one will ever see this movie, or even read this review. The movie is so scary that when I found myself in the first 15 minutes of the movie. The heroes were so one-dimensional that they make some characters in the Bible look like Don Corleone. They have one liner and resonant material. A symbolic embarrassed black guy (LL COOL J) who is with a beautiful woman that he would not even belong to in real life otherwise. Captain is this short, tearful guy who speaks in such a high tone. And what shitty movie would be complete if the hero did not get richer because of experience. Oh, a lot of fire, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT !!!) This kind of fire from a gun that leaves everyone in the police who are dead and the hero wins. They have flamethrowers and rocket launchers, I'm really not kidding. <br /> <br /> Conclusion, if you want to see Edison, because you are a big fan of one of the actors or big fan of Justin Timberlake, all 13-year-old girls are there to enjoy !! I would like to have more hands because then I would have more thumbs because this movie is so horrible because then I could give him so many thumbs that the thumbs down mean nothing because this movie is so scary because it sucks so much that it made me laugh It's because of the plot-related frustration because it just will not end because shooting and yelling are just happening. <br /> <br /> CAN BE MERCY TO EVERYTHING and save us from these terrible movies. Well, it could be the worst, another horrible RNB actor who became a singer, he became a terrible actor who is a leader, hehe check IN THE MIX lol, and even become rich or die trying. " Now the special thing about this movie is that it has more than 30-year-old men playing 16 or even younger teens. I can continue.
