Well, at least, my theater group, lol. So, of course, I remember seeing Grease from when I was a little girl, while it was never my favorite musical or story, it still has some special place in my heart because there is still a lot of fun to watch. I heard horrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided never to see it, but my boyfriend said it was not really that bad, and my friend agreed, so I decided to try but I called them and I just laughed. First of all, the plot is completely stolen from the first and was not really smart, let alone using the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me how the Pink Ladies and T-Birds continued years after the departure of the former gangs? Not to mention the motorcycle enemies, gee, what a striking resemblance to the guys from the first movie, as well as those T-Birds were simply stupid and funny. <br /> <br /> Another year in Rydell and the music and dance did not stop. But when a new student appears, who is Sandy's cousin, he is loved by a pink lady, Stephanie. But he has to stick to the code in which only the Pink Ladies have to stick to the T-Birds, so the new student decides to train as a T-Bird to get her heart. So he dresses up as a rebellious motorcyclist who can ride well and defeat bad cyclists easily by kicking Bird's butts. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will he find out? Well, see for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like some stupid TV program that does not work. The gang did not click as well as the first Grease, let alone Frenchy's return, he was a bit stupid and unbelievable because I thought she'd finished Rydell, but apparently she did not. The songs were not so catchy; I'm glad Michelle was able to bounce back so quickly, but it's probably because she was the only talented person in this stupid little continuation, I would not recommend this movie differently than if you were curious, but I warned you, it's just a pathetic attempt more money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
