False obsession with Hollywood about the sequels resulted in more duds than hits. For every "Godfather II" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2". Although the original "Grease" is not a great movie, the adaptation of the Broadway hit of 1977 has songs that evoke the 1960s, energetic choreography and appealing cast. When Paramount started work on the continuation, the producers almost completely abandoned every aspect that made the original a hit. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for moviegoers, Michelle Pfeiffer experienced this experience and apparently learned to read the scripts before signing contracts. Her talent and beauty were obvious here, and Pfeiffer seems embarrassed by the humiliating dance rhythms and songs without the music she needs to perform. However, Maxwell Caulfield does not even have the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions change from numb to catatonic. What romantic interest, in addition to hormones, can have a cool, sassy Pfeiffer in mortal Caulfield? This boring secret will remain long after the ludicrous luau finale turns into bad memory. Only episodes of veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have a joke, though Lorna Luft is slightly above lame. <br /> <br /> The reviewers complained about it because "Grease 2" is always missing from the original. However, even on your own terms, the movie is snappy. After the crazy opening number, which obviously exhausted the entire cast, the energy dissipates. With few exceptions, the original songs are not much like the early sixties, and the only nostalgia is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour." Jokes are falling, and the choreography in the film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is clumsy to be polite. However, in the audience worse movies appeared, and ineffective continuations will be made as long as the producers will try to drink fast money from remixing hits. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even involuntarily funny. Instead, the film attracts the viewer's attention like a bad train wreck. When all the bodies seem to be recovered, the next scene plunges into an even worse slaughter.
