Flight of Fury begins when general Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test flight X-77, a new invisible fighter with the ability to literally turn. General Barnes gives his best pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) a job and everything goes well until the X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted, because Ratcher flies to North Afghanistan and delivers it to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 to fly into the American airspace unnoticed and drop several bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of his plane and sends one army to John Sands (co-screenwriter and executive producer Steven Seagal) to get his plane back and kill all the bad guys ... <br /> <br /> This American, British and Romanian co-production has been directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which he directed Seagal after equally horrible Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007), fortunately someone decided that the partnership was not working and unsuspecting audience was fortunately saved for further cooperation. Apparently Flight of Fury is almost a scene-on-the-word remake of Black Thunder (1988) with Michael Dudikoff, in which many of the same characters have even the same name, so even the same dialogue can be used without creators. I have to change things like names, although I must admit I have never seen Black Thunder and therefore I can not compare them. Flight of Fury is a horrible movie, a badly written and written waste of time that Seagal specializes in these days. It is boring, although it is not so slow, the character is poor, full of stereotypes, things happen randomly, the story is weak, reasoning for events does not exist and it is very lazy production because it never convinces the viewer that they are near Afghanistan or that they are respected there are adequate military procedures. Action scenes are poor and there is no real excitement in them, villains are boring, just like the heroes, and there is downstairs with the worst that Seagal did. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury seems to be largely composed of film material that is not even well-matched, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and film quality change very much because it's too obvious that we're watching clips from other (better) woven movies. Hell, Seagal never even approaches the plane. Action scenes consist of such badly edited shootings that it's hard to say who is who and of course Seagal breaks the shoulders of people. All production seems very cheap and tacky. <br /> <br /> IMDb thinks he had a budget of about $ 12,000,000, which I think is total nonsense, that is, if so, where was all the money? Although in Afghanistan, which is a desert, desert war, Flight of Fury looks like it was filmed in my local forests, it was actually filmed in Romania, and the Romanian village does not convince Afghanistan. Acting is awful, as one might expect, and Seagal looks like it's renamed. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a scary action movie that is boring, amateur and is almost a remake of another movie. Another really lazy and poorly produced action thriller Seagala, why even more worry?
