Steven Seagal, himself personality, this time is the greatest stealth pilot of the United States, who was promised pardon from the army (... who tried to move his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he escaped from the base, later caught after breaking gang of robbers during the shooting at the station gasoline) if he manages to infiltrate a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan served by a group called Black Sunday, who, thanks to an American traitor, has confiscated the fighter jet of the crafty Air Force. Along with a fellow pilot who admired the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly into enemy territory, receiving help from his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David). they are on earth. Jannick is kidnapped by the leaders of Black Sunday, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his executive, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must learn how not only to take over again the kidnapped fighter, but also save him. Or perhaps Sands can take revenge on the traitor whom he trained, rather (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands has 72 hours until the Navy pilots bomb the whole area. On the hiding deck, Black Sunday has equipped a biochemical bomb in the hope of detonating it in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal has a chance to shoot Afghans when he does not cut his throats with knives. The film is mainly shooting with machine guns and dead bodies. The opening of Afghanistan can not stand the control (... nor how easily Seagal and colleagues are able to move so easily around the neighborhood), and the plot itself is not something to write about. The movie is quickly edited, the camera is a bit too violent. Seagal is not as active a hero as he once was, and his action scenes are strictly edited, where it's hard to see him pulling out his enemies, unlike good old times. One of Seagal's poorest efforts, and he is as discreet as never before (... it's not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights against the main villains of the movie, it's a shame. He does not even shoot his wrist or break his neck in a visible way (... we certainly see a slight similarity of some tool cast around, but it is not as explicit a photo as I like because filmmakers have such fast changes and dizzying close-ups).
