Following the terrifying power of the attack, the chances that Seagal could only achieve thanks to Flight Of Fury. Killing the Attack Power would require some effort. Flight Of Fury is generally a significant improvement, but still in a great pattern of thoughts, average. Mediocrity is apparently the achievement of Seagal these days, a sad insight into his professional career. Where the power of attack was a mix of plot lines changed drastically from conception, to filming, to post-production, Flight Of Fury keeps the story line more straightforward. Someone steals a technologically advanced fighter hiding, planning to use it to launch chemical weapons (which, as we later discover, weirdly will destroy the whole world within 48 hours). Seagal must recover the plane. It's so simple, without annoying sub-threads and conspiracies weighing a movie like too much of his latest work. That does not mean that suddenly the story is good, but it's pretty bad. Introduction to side forms is poorly made, for example. <br /> <br /> In film categories, FOF is bad. Everyone got involved in it badly, and Seagal is almost bored with tears. He looks like a toddler, who was forced to do a school crib against his will, and thus appears with a constant grimace and a bit of semi-temperance. Can we blame Seagal when the material is not so ambitious and primitive? Not quite. This is the last movie of his offer with many photos in Castel Studio. Producers can not worry about doing something good by promising a budget of $ 12 million, and (after mandatory Seagal's 5 million) it probably fakes quite a bit (if the film was made for the remaining 7 million, then I'm Elvis Pressley!). Therefore, why Seagal would put effort into a film that has already been sorted out before it is performed. A fan can argue, but at least he owes them an effort. It really looks dazed, and the continued use of stand-by and dub-overs is a further indication. Michael Keusch directs with some efficiency, while the pictures are quite good, but in all technical fields (and as usual in Castel, a standard bog stunt) there is nothing more than mediocrity and nothing that could help the film rise above the material and bored man leading. Again there are several action scenes focusing on characters other than Seagal, which we do not want to see in all truth. <br /> <br /> In general, the action is not so bad. It's nice and violent, and from time to time we treat some old nasty beating Seagal, but nothing special at all. Partly because of a poor stunt crew and no time to film something too complicated or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable movie because, ignoring an inconsistent, confused, fictitious line, there were more classic Seagal moments, and more at its center. The film never disappeared for a long time. Seagal disappears strangely during one of the action scenes and reappears after, with little explanation. Too much footage was used. Using stock shots is not entirely frightening, but using it as a sphere is. We have countless arrows of warships all the time, which are becoming annoying. Plus, the continuity of the film material is everywhere (just check the background, hack and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is halfway. Everything points to the fact that the best movie scene is a completely unnecessary and free girl on the scene of a girl with two hot chicks. Seagal is even a bit annoying! In general, it can be one of the best film-based actions, but it does not say much. This will satisfy many fans, but they should remember that Seagal himself would probably want to forget about his existence. **
