It is said that "the city on the hill can not hide" and Virginia City in Nevada, located on the slope of Mt. Davidson at an altitude of 6,200 ft west of Tahoe is the best example or in the context of the movie should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream as a rain of gold and silver, suspicious the same year that the civil war began. This is the birthplace of the dean of American letters; it was there that young reporter Samuel Clemens started using the name "Mark Twain" and became the most famous writer in America. It was also the birthplace of the great Hearst fortune and the starting platform of John Mackay, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made a movie about him! In the sixties of the sixteenth century Virginia CITY was a boom city in all cities boom, the home of the great bonanza, once the largest metropolitan area west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (this movie) misses all this and is more about the nasty duo North / South between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is the captain of Kerry Bradford, a union officer who is a prisoner of war in a concentration camp run by the mid-commander of the Confederates, Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two always care about each other. Bradford escapes, and then tries to stop the shipment of gold bullion "torn" from VC by someone other than. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here !?" Terrible. Bogart plays a funny Mexican bandit who can not decide which side he is on. Miriam Hopkins plays a dark character named "Julia Hayne", of course a historical outing for the first lady of the city, Julia Bulette, who in real life is a famous prostitute. He goes to Washington and says "Honest Abe" about saving BRADFORD (not Irba) from hanging and blah blah blah. Conjecture. They should hang the writer. In "real life" Twain reports that on the last day of the war the setting sun caused the American flag at the summit of Mt. Davidson seems strangely blazing to the surprised inhabitants, a bit like a movie. Three days later, they discovered that the South had capitulated on that day. The curiosity in the film is how helpers Alan Hale and Guin Williams are throwing guns forward when they shoot as they catch fish or try to speed up the missiles. Nice idea for a movie. The same type of foolishness flows on juices and maize throughout the film. Wounds, how could they miss the golden madness, wasteful wealth, battles with weapons in the silver mines, the explosion of Mark Twain from the city and beating after the start, the curve of the railway line, the fire of the Opera, Artemis Ward, the grand Bulette funeral, Chinese tongs, black salons, Auction . . ? All this high upstairs surrounded by the desert? The truth was unreal. Was his great wealth really caused by the great American holocaust? Well, if you count this movie, it would not be the first defeat of Virginia City. This is a disappointment for Virginia City fans, because there is a lack of what made the city "the city of illusion", where it is said that evil escapes from the earth. . . Okay, except it's a funny movie. Flynn and the gang are always great, no matter what history they destroy. If Flynn just played his rotten self, I would double my assessment.
