Completely ridiculous. If you know anything about poker, you'll find that it's absolutely scary, but it's also fun because it's so pointless. Nerd, who made the film, is of course very religious and knows a bit about poker, but I doubt he ever played above 3-6. (I think he does not know anything about golf.) Where to start. I've seen better productions in the Intro to Film class. I took the first year of film school. The actors to watch in this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen and a loser who will never win in poker. Everyone else is as wooden as they come, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man from whom the movie starts in the opening sequence is the only reason for the film to be made. He is a railwayman who does not play poker and never has a dialogue line, but the actor is the man who apparently paid for the film. I can not imagine a more useless waste of money than the man who fishes for this senseless production. It's good that he had such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose threads are not solved in the slightest. Queen Mama has a scene of stealing shows in which she throws her unsuccessful boy out the window and tries to shoot his brain. Also nameless Arabs in the grocery store give great results when they discuss whether to beat or kill an elderly woman who robs them. Their subtle performances easily can be counted among the most important events in the film. This makes you wonder why they bothered all those white people in running. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 with Outer Space has a bit more consistency. If you play poker, you can laugh. Also, if you are a Christian, you can enjoy a hard religious conversation that fucks the movie like a senseless pepper. I hate films of religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they know nothing about. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen got involved in this parody because I can not help thinking about them. They must be jealous of Johnny Khan for winning Rounders.
