Let's go to the world of this movie for a second so you can better understand the type of movie we're dealing with. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies in which a bad guy and his thugs have released 50,000 shots firing at a good guy behind the walls and pillars, shouting at them and then finally getting to the good guy face to face and instead of killing him ...... instead of wasting that guy who caused you SO THAN LARGE .... instead of walking and POP! ..... What are you doing? Bad guy ..... talking to him. He grabs a good guy and talks to him, holding a pistol. NOTHING ABOUT ME RESPECT! START NOW! But he talks to him anyway. Oh, another matter. Finally, the newspaper says "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT HERE HERE" or something up on the front page of the newspaper, when it is like a story being printed for the first time. So how in heezy did anyone win the Pulitzer so fast? Yes, do you know these kinds of stupid movies? Yes, Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> You get a nice Morgan Freeman and clever, hard-core Kevin Spacey, who both call in their roles completely, LL Cool J, who scowls literally every moment of the movie, while proposing his girlfriend in a damn night club all places, and who is the last line of "The Duck" was something like a movie about a deadly weapon that was never made ... and Justin Timberlake moaning and throwing nonsense every time he talks, a small cocky bastard. The only bright spot was crazy Dylan McDermott doing his best impression "Denzel from Training Day", which was quite fun. <br /> <br /> Oh, what's going on in the film? Eh, something about the scandals related to the fictitious police special city of Edison called "FRAT (I swear I'm not doing this), which was supposed to be an obvious SWAT game. In any case, the small journalist boy, the super-singer Justin Timberflake, smells foul after the murder involving 2 undercover FRAT cops, and he runs away searching for history, winning the trust of the boss (Freeman) on the way, while they both discover something even bigger and sinister than what they both thought. blah. It is like a short bootleg pelican that meets a half-day training day. The pace was slow and slow, the script was horrible, and the acting was incredibly uninspired. It jumped everywhere, never moving. . Everyone in this movie just WAS NOT THOUGHT. Shit, what a stupid movie. It becomes harder to write any review, because the movie left my brain when it's over ... Do not lie In principle, d DO NOT waste your time!
