They must publish this outline of the story to all those who are unable to come to the Hollywood bus station. Then they fill empty spaces and set their story in any city or city ghetto they just came from. You know exactly what the film from the initial shot is about, four young boys playing in a granular slow motion accompanied by a voice over the narrative. The next stop after the bus station is the purchase of film footage of four young boys playing in grainy slow motion. When they grow up, it's easy to see the scriptwriter / director among the four. He is a quiet, contemplative, long-haired man who is never seen without his book with a composition hidden in his trousers. This means that his great talent for writing will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Only there is no writing or directing talent. And if you still do not know what it is, here's the tip: the author and his character have the same middle name. It took over an hour to find out that these twenty-something men were still in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the headmaster turned out to be the director. Once again, a poor, misunderstood rebel may force everyone in the film to pave, murder and plunder, but he is unable to oppose his alcoholic father. What do you say, kid, like everyone else? Numerous fistfighting scenes with no apparent purpose. Waking a bad dialogue. Many scenes are out of focus. Cartoon characters appear as players and addicts, drawing unintentional laughter from the premiere audience. Excessive action. And if you do not get important speeches or scenes in slow motion, just listen to the overbearing music. This will allow you to find and feel. Poor Marisa Ryan has to be on many frequent flights because she travels around the country working in amateur regional films. The biggest sin is that the audience has to feel compassion for children who shoot old ladies, run to puppies chained to a tree, rob and steal, all the time complaining about their sad, pathetic life. But if only we could get out of this bloody city and go to college. Yes, this is a ticket. Why does every 20-year-old filmmaker believe that his life so far is so important, so interesting that the world can not wait to see it on the screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, the author is better to look over his shoulder at policemen carrying fugitive orders.
