When THE WILD BUNCH's superlatives (1969) Sam Peckinpaha opened the door to the outrageous shows of ultra-violence cinema, he did it thanks to the talented (if whiskey marinated) hand of the camera director and had a fascinating story with characters that had real depth, but there was no many imitators who fell far from the benchmarks set by the Peckinpah epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into this category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE tells the story of a foul - New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) a blonde proto-hippie chick who was "saved" from two years of "captivity" among Cheyenne and is now sent to fort, where he will be reunited only with his fiancée wants to get married for his money. On board the car in which he travels, there is a government gold shipment, Cheyenne's cash must buy a gun, so in a short time the soldiers are wiped out and Cresta escapes to the hills with Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), a lone living cavalryman. Calling Ganta the furious nickname "Blue Soldier", Cresta demonstrates that her years among the savages are a well-spent time, surpassing Gant's survival skills, common sense and pure bullets, as well as on the way to the fort with which he must persevere elements, a hostile team Kiowa, an unscrupulous trader? played by Donald Pleasance, here he gives one of his most absurd performances, and that says something? and, according to the tradition of many previous romantic comedies in the western style, each other. <br /> <br /> During their misfortunes, two adversities are inevitable? and predictably? they pulled to each other and eventually ended up on it? while Gant has a freshly healed bullet wound that has passed the leg, no less? in one only conveniently located cave on a radius of at least twelve miles, which was not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or who knows what, let alone Cheyenne, who could do something really spiffy with such a primo flat (I go there thinking again in NYC). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love will never blossom outside the cave, Cresta leaves Gant and goes to the fort only to discover that the moron under command will not save a few men, so they can rescue Gant; The regiment needs all available personnel to start an attack on the nearby village of Cheyenne, and when Cresta finds out about it, he slips past his unbearable horny hubby and heads straight for Cheyenne to warn them of what's coming. <br /> <br /> What happens next brought disgrace to the film; it turns out that all the crazy misfortunes and quarrels were but a prelude to the hideous reconstruction of the Sand Creek massacre of 1864, rape, torture and general sadistic evil committed in the name of "keeping the country clean", and almost forty years after its release the sequence is still troubling and harassing her pure cruelty. Children are trampled under the hooves of charging horses or on bayonets, unarmed people are beheaded? nice effect, I have to admit? women are stripped and buried by gangs of slaves and then raped and maimed? in one really disgusting case, a naked woman is born too much of a fight, so her rapist decides to cut off her breasts, which we see gratefully only at the beginning before the camera goes to the chronicle of some other hideous act? and dozens of innocent people are shot and dismembered, their complex parts are put on pike and waved at victorious ceremonies, or ghostly souvenirs are preserved. No joke, this scene would immediately bring the NC-17 score if it is released today, let alone stimulate Native Americans' interest groups to revolt in the streets over the incredibly exploitative way of cruelty. <br /> <br /> I am an advocate of westerns who do not shy away from honest performances of how the West was won or stolen if the truth was told, but this movie has no idea what kind of movie it wants to be; in one moment it is a heavy, pseudo-hippie talk about how the natives were treated completely (well, DUH!), and then it is a carefree struggle for a farce of gender, in which Cresta proves that he is five times a man Gantem and goes look hot in her tasty red cotton poncho (without undies), but it all comes out of the window when Donald Pleasance appears with an unintentional (?) fun pair of dentures, and our heroes have to figure out how to escape the murderous claws in the sub- a story that does not end anywhere, and all this ends with the apocalyptic culmination. Each of these pins would be fine for a coherent movie, but the end result is a mess that led to the last ten minutes of horror for everything that was worth promoting the movie and the poster. <br /> <br /> But trying to be everything to the audience, SOLDIER BLUE ends up as an inconsistent, instructive Mulligan stew about the supposedly good will of political correctness, but if they were to tell the story of Sand Creek Massacre, would not it be a good idea to have some Indian characters that would be more than just walkers, and Murphy Brown played their mouths? We know absolutely nothing about people who have been erased solely because of what appears to be a dishonest trick to lure viewers of the gorehound to watch the "wildest film in history". If you, like me, have been intrigued by provocative ads and reviews that consume him almost infinite praise for "the boldness of speaking as if it were", let my word allow it and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly disappear into the darkness.
