Although I did not have a terrestrial idea of ​​what to expect from this film, it certainly was not what I would have thought if something occurred to me. When I heard about his existence, all I knew was that I needed to have a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies. unfortunately, I could only find a copy under her alternative title Island Fury. Looking back, I think I could call it a losing situation. On the one hand, I'm still not known as the guy who owns the movie titled Please Do not Eat The Babies, and on the other hand Island Fury would ultimately reveal that it is a terrible, pointless, boring, unreadable piece of trash. Yes, I will definitely lose my losing. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure what genre they're choosing here. Bad beginning of the 80s, with a flashback that may be longer than a flashback. First of all, two teenage girls are chased by two bad guys, once caught, bad guys point out that one of the girls has a coin on a string, around the neck and somehow bad people know a lot more of these coins hidden somewhere on the island. And here they start to get strangely, somehow these guys know about the trip that the girls took to the island many years before, when they were only 10 years old. I think this is meant to mean that girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is. So now we are in the past, while the girls are trying to trace their steps, so those bad do not kill them, although I would not mind if they had. In retrospect, ten-year-old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and boys from the sisters, finally stopping on the island to clean up a little, mingling with some child and his deadly grandparents. Any potential uncertainty or reasons to observe will never appear, but retrospection was undeniably better than the present, which still does not say much. <br /> <br /> For some time I forgot the Original story, at some point I thought that maybe the director had too, and when the retrospection ended, it would be the end that would work for me, considering that this disappointment would be half an hour shorter. This senseless movie in a senseless movie finally ends, and real things happen, but it's stupid. It seems to me that I did not expect the film to be filled with devoured babies, or anything like that, but I was expecting some bizarre B entertainment, mostly just a misleading, inept plot, uncertain of its genre. My advice would be to seek something valuable, such as the Beast Beast Attack. If anyone, I would recommend it to serious B movie collectors who have to have all of them, everyone else is likely to have brain damage. What I'm really interested in is that I still have no idea why they called it "Do not Do not Eat The Babies." 3/10
