When the film from the book seems pointless and incomprehensible, the cause can be invariably found in the book: either there was no point to start, either the point is not easily transferred to the movie, or the film missed the point, which is the most common of these results and the easiest to achieve, especially when the point is not easy to define. The book "Morvern Callar" is right; every reader of the book must have felt it and felt as if he had received it; but I suspect that most of them could not express it in words. I'm not sure if I can, myself, but maybe it's about something like that: things come, things go, it's life, but we continue; or in any case, some of us - people like Morvern - are doing. Undoubtedly, a more erudite critic could construct a more adequate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point - perhaps the sum of the entire story - and that it would be the most important thing to keep in mind and move in adapting the story to the movie. The creator of this film apparently overlooked the point and did not replace one of his own; so the movie is about nothing. <br /> <br /> It is not a mere complaint of a book lover that his favorite text has been violated. The advantage of the book is something that I admitted reluctantly: reading it, I considered it a bloody nuisance and the opportunity to kick the author in pants and bring him to the proper end of work. The narrative is to be the work of a half-educated Morvern, but this illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different types of literary effect, as if the author poked her with a pen; there are inconsistencies in style and tone, as if different sections were composed at different times; and any conclusions I might have drawn about Morvern had to remain uncertain, because it was not sure what the author intended and what he did not do: for example, despite Morvern's own characterization as a raver, I'm wrong that he ultimately remains essentially working in class a working Scot, and under it packing music files not so different from previous generations? In any case, despite my irritation with the author, I could not deny that his book was stuck in me; and I could not get out of my head, the attitude of his character, its angle to the world that was almost as vivid as Goya's portrait. Morvern is a person who always encounters quite comical and rather horrible situations; from time to time he invites them, but more often they land on it like flies, so that most of her life consists of a kind of gauche, but graceful slogging-through, unconsciously practical and unconscious philosophical - and it does not begin to describe him idiosyncratic enough. Morvern's incident and response complex are not the essence of the book, and its achievement, revealing the cross-section of existence, would be difficult to illuminate differently; with all my reluctance to see a book I see it. <br /> <br /> Morvern just described is not a Morvern movie; or if so, most of them are kept out of the screen. The actress who could fit well with the characters, if she was the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees from the old TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton would therefore seem like a good casting: she is rather the same actress, and in one of her earlier films, "Jesus' Son" she played a girl who could be changed into some of it with a few amendments. Unfortunately, as it turned out, the movie does not have a character from the book to play. First of all, the book is one that, if it is to be dramatized, cries out for the monologue of the main character to the audience; without her comments, perspectives, voice, history loses most of her meaning. He lost more because the adapter took him out of his comic and horrible elements: the most memorable events from the book are limited before they become grotesque, so Morvern's reactions (whether it's entertainment or distaste, depending on her mood) are also missing from these incidents and incidents no longer have a reason to be in history. In short, the filmmaker, for some reason, decided to turn a lively, sharp, serious-comic novel into a dignified film about television art, and chose as her typical picture of Mrs. Morton deteriorating in artistically shadowy melancholy; as if the trip on which Morvern signs up was a tour of the Way of the Cross. It is not about what this book was about or Morvern from the book. Second, Morvern's film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she did not have time to study the accent), and it should be: it is important that she, her family and her colleagues are all from one place. And finally, the film lacks the end of history: Morvern spending, which she has and returning to the icy darkness: it is winter, the dam has frozen, the power has gone out, and the pub is dark. Decrease this, and minus all the others, there is an unsuccessful movie about art, a dead film about the subject, whose strength lay in her refusal or native inability to ever die.
