This performance is a great example of how CBC should stick to news, sports or satirical sketch comedy. As the creator of the situation comedy, CBC showed that he can connect pizazz with "King of Kensington" with the laughter of "The Beachcombers". It's a shame for big concerts like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" that they have to share their comedy roots with this bad production. <br /> <br /> I must admit, do not give this show much opportunity since I first heard about his concept. At the beginning, half of the concept is a direct attempt to break one of the few successes of the sitcom in the history of Canadian-English "Corner Gas". The rest of the concept - cultural clash - is far from being original and is too often used as laziness to write on the screen. The choice of the Muslim religion as the basis for the figure of the "fish of water" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "edgy" and "up-to-date", but it is forced. Some jokes, which are based on the reaction of the local community to novices, arouse disgust and completely offend the intelligence of all involved people, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This program is a great example of how CBC simply does not "do it" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when you present Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be presented in such a heavy and forced manner. It would be a refreshing change to see how CBC brings variety to the TV program without showing all of it about the diversity. I doubt if CBC has enough talent for sitcoms to do something so subtle. You can compare the way diversity is presented in Corner Gas - that is, aboriginal characters are not separated from each other in terms of ethnicity, nor their heritage is not used to generate storylines. More realistically, their lives and lives of other heroes are intertwined in a way that makes ethnicity less important than their other personal qualities. <br /> <br /> By saying this, even as a formal fish-from-outside water comedy this show fails. Acting is weak, the comic travels the entire map, and the premises I saw were too far beyond the suspension of faith, even in the case of comedy. The only salutary grace is the talented Derek McGrath who is terribly wasted here. I doubt if even adding guest stars (for example Colin Mochrie as an Anglican Archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the concert a chance when the "hype" of the CBC will be silenced; but the two episodes were the only thing I could bear - I could almost feel my brain cells close with every failed hit. The time slot would be better served by airing more Coronation Street, re-air flights, or Doctor Who. Even advertising would be an improvement.
