Or "Marlowe at sea." Another ridiculously overrated old movie with Bogey. Pretty talkative. Bogey basically plays the same character as in Marlow's films; he always controls the situation, he is never nervous - no matter how dangerous the situation is, he calls women "slim" and "ladies", and other such nonsense is the only "real man", ie an alpha male in the film (the only other male alpha male head of the Gestapo - but he is just a fat alpha male) and - naturally - every attractive young woman who comes to his path, can not resist his charms and wants his penis within a few hours of the first introduction. Cliches of characters are here. Bogey is to be the same type of cynic who is about to reform, like in Casablanca, and oftentimes often refuses money or other valuables when offered - but how does it fit into a difficult cynic in it? No, so he can not be a cynic; Hawks wanted it in two ways: a character who is both a "cool lonely cynic" and a humane man with good intentions. I do not think that ... Bacall performs his casual "cool babe" for the first time and there are many over-hyped, not so interesting, so-called "sexual innuendies" between her and Bogey; these dialogues sound stupid according to today's standards. "Just press your lips and whistle ...". Lots of nonsense ... She was 19 when it was done, but she looks much older and is much less attractive than the female stars of the day. Her bony face with sharp features is nowhere near the radiance of the feminine beauty of de Havilland, the sweetness of Myrna Loy, not to mention the liking of Irene Dunne. Bacall was more suitable for vampire games, not femme-fatales. (In real life she is very similar to her face: a Hollywood bitch.) There is a scene in which Bacall cries out; very unsuitable for her character. There are two or three bad music numbers - but my fast scroll button was ready. <br /> <br /> If you want to read my "biographies" of Bogart, Bacalla, Houston and other Hollywood personalities, please contact me by e-mail.
