At the beginning of the movie, you can check the DVD cover again and re-read the summary, but do not worry. It's NOT the "Geisha Memoirs" that you acquired; just a movie with an intro that is much more elegant and stylish than it has the right. But opening is by far the best thing in the whole film, because it shows how in 1840 the master of the samurai sword caught a wife committing adultery. He pulls the head of the two lovers before doing some hara-kiri (ritual suicide through ripping). A break to this day, when an American ambassador in Japan welcomes a friendly family and leads them to the same house where the aforementioned slaughter took place almost a century and a half ago. From that moment it becomes a routine move of a haunted house, but the completely delayed and unlikely script still makes it unique. Let's start with the good aspects, namely the original Japanese scenery and the presence of delicious Susan George, who is my favorite British horror girl (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects are simply that the scenario is incoherent, unrecoverable and full of supposedly disturbing twists of action that only make you laugh. The restless ghosts of the house quickly begin to play, bumping into the bodies of new tenants and causing them to do and say different crazy things. The ghost of a slaughtered adulterous woman especially likes to squeeze into the thrilling booty of Susan and turn her into a bawdy seducer! In this "possessed" state, he lures even the American ambassador outside to have sex in the garden at a high party full of eminent guests. So, strictly speaking, it is not really the "evil" that lives at home; only a trio of wretched ghosts with dirty minds and far too much free time for your long-dead hands! Of course, these scenes are more comical than frightening, especially since the light blue and transparent shapes resemble the beautiful ghost effects that were later popularized in "Ghostbusters". "The House Where Evil Dwells" is probably the least horrifying movie about ghosts. For most of your time, you are wondering if director Kevin Connor (who still made great horrors "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally wanted his movie to be fun and exaggerated, maybe "Motel Hell". But on the other hand, everyone in the cast still says their lines with a straight and honest face, so I think that after all we should take everything seriously and feel worried. "The House Where Evil Dwells" is never full of tension, and even is not exciting, and even does not contain any scary images except the massacre at the beginning. I am fully aware of how shallow it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George goes topless are the only real attractions. Well, maybe an invasion of tacky and ridiculously big spiders (are they crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How completely random and irrelevant was that? If you ever decide to give this film a chance, regardless of its bad reputation, make sure you leave your sense and reason on the threshold. <br /> <br /> Trivia for horror lovers: keep an eye on the mask demon, which was also a vertical element of the scenery in the genius Japanese horror film Onibaba.
