The film begins with a calm shot of a traditional Japanese house with a thatched roof, which is located on the side of a small hill, and the inscription "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840" appears on the screen. A young Japanese trainee Samurai named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) enters a winding path to the house, inside waiting for Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he has an affair with her husband, Shugoro back (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) or teacher Masanori. Shugoro unexpectedly returns home to find a wife and a student in very close relationships. His honor destroyed the enraged Samurai who brutally murdered both Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. Over one hundred years later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the US consulate, helps them find a place to stay, does not need me to you! He jokingly says that he is so cheap because he is haunted, both Ted and Laura laugh, because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for now. Almost immediately, the film goes into the banality mode. The lights turn themselves on and off, Laura feels uncomfortable, and the local Zen monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them a sinister warning that they leave before it's too late, which, of course, he will ignore. Otami's spirits, Masanori and Shugoro were doomed to remain in the walls of the house due to the curse imposed on Majyo's witch doctors (Tsuyako Olajima). But there may be a way in which they can break the curse, but unfortunately for the Fletcher family it can potentially cost their marriage, their daughter and perhaps even their lives. <br /> <br /> Director: Kevin Connor I thought it was quite an average movie, OK to watch once if you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two you will probably completely forget. Nothing is stuck in the memory as particularly bad, but on the other hand there is nothing particularly good about the film. The script by Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman is a bit boring and strictly according to numbers, many spectral events are happening throughout the film, but none of them is very interesting or exciting, and flat characters and direction does not help. There are some stupid sequences, such as giant plastic crabs, which Amy and her guardian, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda) try to get. And there is a scene in which the Zen Monk exorcises the house, and the ghosts are exiled outside, unable to return, but this is only when Ted just opens the door and just come back, some kind of exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 years old when he did, try his hand at Kung-Fu and oriental sword fighting! George pulls out her large breasts several times, including a very non-erotic scene of sex with McClure, although great pains and a few bedding have been made that stick to them like a super glue to ensure that there is no nudity below the waist. Apart from several main sections of the screen, there is no question of blood, blood or violence. "Transparent" ghost effects are fine, but nowadays they do not impress many people. It's professionally made and looks good enough, but the potential in Japanese scenery and myths is wasted because this movie could be embedded in America, England or any other western country without having to change things. Terrible time.
