Have I caught anything or is the unpleasant smell coming from Dawn 1 + 2? God was for everything? What does God have to do with Sci-Fi? God is only the answer when you can not think of a sensible explanation for something. In fact, this is exactly a problem with the finale of the series - of course, they could not come up with sensible explanations for many great questions that appeared in the series, such as how Kara Thrace returns from the dead in a completely new viper, as her old viper and charred body were on the Earth 2, why Baltar has imagined 6 in her head, why 6 has an imaginary Baltar in her head, etc., so they explain it "angels" or simply do not explain at all. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last two episodes had holes large enough to fly through Basestar. For example, why do Galactica and her crew embark on a suicide mission to save one girl (Hera), especially after Adam said he has no way of trying to save? Because they discovered the location of the Cylon database? This is not enough reason to sacrifice the life of the crew. And how did Anders know the location? And what was the meaning of memories of the life of the main characters before the war? It's as if they forgot to do it earlier, so they dropped something at the last minute. <br /> <br /> People who wrote the last two episodes could not be the same writers who created what had been a sensational series so far. It seems that scriptwriting has taken over evangelical Christians during the mission to spread the word. Forget about trying to bind the loose ends of the plot, an important message that the writers wanted to know is: do not put your faith in technology because it will lead to your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (bad luck if you have a disease that requires treatment). <br /> <br /> Imagine in the last movie of the Star Wars series that they say there is no "strength" ... the Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. Then they fly space ships to the nearest star and live with the Ewoks in the forest. Would it be a good ending? No, it will not be.
