The 1930s are a fashion for documentary films about distant corners of the world, with particular emphasis on wild animals, exotic terrain and primitive people with extraordinary cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting the film crew to a distant and dangerous place, and then bringing them back to life (along with film material), such films were often much cheaper to produce than conventional Hollywood features ... because there were no expensive sets, costumes or expensive movie stars . <br /> <br /> The most effective creators of such films (artistically and financially) were the team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with dramatically staged events) in Africa and Asia. Johnson's safari movies were extremely popular, inspiring a few parodies ... first of all Wheeler and Woolsey "So This is Africa", in which a very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson, geddit?). Although several other filmmakers were producing documentary safaris at the time, Johnsons films were the most popular in this genre because they were largely humorous. Looking from our more enlightened (hopefully) point of view, this is a serious drawback in Johnson's papers: there are too many scenes where funny, small brown or yellow people look like idiots who will easily outwit the wise white bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One of the assets of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she seems young enough to be his daughter. Although she certainly is not as attractive as the shapely blond Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was a brunette who, in all the films she co-created with her husband, gave great performances to the camera. <br /> <br /> "Congorilla" is probably the best movie of Johnson. Congo shots are interesting and have a certain historical value as evidence of what the environment looked like in 1930. There are also interesting shots of Pygmies and other natives, although they suffer Johnson's tendency to organize events in such a way that makes the natives look "wild" and foreign. <br /> <br /> The best (and the funniest) scene in "Congorilla" is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach jazz dance to some Pygmies. (Dance is Black Bottom, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope famously taught Daisy and Violet Hilton, twins combined.) Osa Johnson, wearing breeches, riding boots and a helmet with a core, starts to sing high steps and he hits his knees, trying to teach this dance to African women. In the meantime, they just stand there staring at her, obviously wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to achieve. It is a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant subtexts. Osa Johnson is doing a dance that was invented by black Americans: it seems that black Africans should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a short demonstration (using the natural rhythm, I think) because it is in their blood or something like that. <br /> <br /> I will rate "Congorilla" for 4 points out of 10. This movie speaks a bit about African life in the 1930s, but rather about American perception of culture in the same decade.
