Oh, dear Lord, how on Earth was any part of this film approved by anyone? From the beginning to the end it stinks with cheese, but it is not even good cheese. This is the tastiest, most fashionable and the most distasteful cheese. I can not believe that there is someone who really enjoys it. Yes, if you've seen it with a lot of drunken / stoned buddies, some pieces can be funny in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience the only entertainment parts are when the group of buddies throws popcorn and abusive insults on themselves and on the screen. I watched him with a guy who laughs, having a few beers in preparation to get away from the expected stupidity of the movie. We got rubbish (a lot of it), but not giggles. Does not even qualify for a film so bad that it is good. It's just bad. Very very bad. Here's why (look away if you're spoilerphobic): The movie starts with a guy fighting another guy to death. OK, I was late for a few minutes, so I was not sure why it happened, but I think I understood that "this guy is a bit bad, which you do not want to screw up". Oh, and the guy sees it. So we have our very bad bad guy and a thin but sweet (supposedly) good guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam enters the scene in the usual way, saving a good guy in the usual way that only weak action movies can achieve, i.e. Hero is immune to bullets, everyone else falls over rather awkwardly. Cue the first hole of the plot. Where the hell Sammy knew where the guy was or saw the murder. Perhaps this and the answers to all my questions related to the holes were explained 2 minutes before the entrance to the cinema, but I doubt it. Actually, I will stop poking holes in the story here, not to turn the film into something resembling Swiss cheese (which we all know is a good cheese). So the "plot" (very generous word to use). A good guy must get to LA, a bad guy would rather not, Hero Sam stands between them. The scenery of Cue for the next hour causing vomiting - a passenger plane. As I said, there are no more pokes in the storyline, I just leave it. Plane. Then the most important ingredient, which so far was missing in this jewel of the film, and what makes it all - Snakes. Yes! Oh, pause. First, we have an introduction to all the mandatory characters that must have a lame movie. Hot, horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), British-dead-before-snakes-even-appear (those ugly Brits, eh?), Cute kids and Jo Brand. For all Americans, this is an English comic book known for its size and unattractiveness. Now that we've met the cast, let's see how everyone dies (except of course the cute children). Do not expect anything original, just snake bites on different and more fun (really not) parts of the body. Use your imagination because the filmmakers did not use them, of course. <br /> <br /> So most of the movie is packed, so now the best, the end. As expected, everything is as happy as the plane lands, everyone in front of their eyes starts sucking their face. Yes, in this Ice-cool Sammy. But wait, we are not yet on the plane! The last guy who got off is a good guy, but like him, he's bitten by (you guessed) the snake (of all things). Apparently he was hiding in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, because he somehow managed to resist the air pressure trick that a good old hero used a few minutes earlier, despite the strangler 200 feet (the one who ate this unbearable British bully)) is not condition. Sam shoots him and the serpent in one go. At that moment, I was praying that the film would have a much needed turnaround and reveal that this whole hero was actually a traitor. But no. In some kind of icing on the cake (but remember the stale cheese), it turns out that the culmination of the film was a bulletproof vest. How anyone can think that 10 years ago the audience, let alone in 2006, would be impressed by their ingenuity, is beyond me, but it worked well, summarizing the film. done yet. After all sucks face (Uncle Sam with the main actress, a good guy from Tiffany, token Black guy with a white girl and a hot couple in a hot heart of necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and a hero to get her. ... In Bali !!! No, it was not exciting at all, the exclamation points were just to represent my total joy of watching subtitles. Yes, the last part of the movie is a solemn surfing trip to convey the news that there has been a bit of a man's bond, and a chance for any moron who really enjoyed the movie, jump a few times. this is it! I published the film review for the first time, but I felt so strongly that someone must speak against this scourge of cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, air hostesses, bad guys, surfing, dogs in bags or English, please do not watch this movie. It will pollute your opinion of all the above, so far you will never want to come across any of them again. Instead, go to United 93. That was good.
