This is not a movie that can really be analyzed regardless of its production. The audience became filmmakers to an extent unprecedented in the history of the American film industry; we felt so involved that watching becomes like watching a friend's work. How can you be objective? This is our movie, right? Or is it? There can be nothing more insincere than a filmmaker who promotes himself as a friend of the audience, giving them all the naughty feelings that nannyish critics deny. Just look at this main publicist, Eli Roth, promising gore-hounds all viscera that are missing in literally mind-boggling mainstream horrors, just to trigger a watered down and technically incompetent job such as "Hostel." <br /> <br /> David R. Ellis may not have spawned a monster who was an online response to his film, but he was understandably quick to take care of it. He took the carnival-huckster film school to a new level, encouraging fans to build what they eventually bought. So many people have been enraptured by this interactive, democratic approach to film production that it seems that it did not hit the nail on the head - that is the most cynical form of film-marketing. Nothing is included, which filmmakers know that fans will not buy, and any old suggestion that will cause the fans on the seats to be included. The fact that the pitch has become a title tells you everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is not this just an evolution of the group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craftsmanship, ideas, all are sacrificed before the silly chatter of the masses. This is a critical place where focus groups and test shows are not suitable for good movies - why should the preventive intervention of Internet enthusiasts be different? Because we are film fans? Well, thank God for us, otherwise I might not see a topless woman biting a nipple through a snake. <br /> <br /> So, yes, I played in the movie - a show at midnight, fresh from the pub and a bucket of ice cream - but in reality it had relatively little to do with the film and much in common with the atmosphere. Like the holidays, everyone seemed determined that they would have fun no matter what. There was laughter, but I do not know if it was a movie or a movie. Is the film calculated like this or is it even a significant distinction? The film contains some really good aspects. Samuel L. Jackson gives a well-rated performance, a clean parody, but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles, and there are one or two inspired moments - the fate of the dog on his lap is a really funny black comedy that the rest of the movie does not imitate. <br /> <br /> trademarks are to be expected, but the total lack of voltage is not. What is the meaning of a movie that combines two great phobias if there is no creeping threat? There are a few moments with snakes, but they are incredibly badly staged. Only an annoying Briton gets a decent plump death scene - other murders are strangely flat. For example, the fall of a honey couple is embarrassed. Most of the actors are not impressed; It is a pity that the charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should seem so tired (when she tells the two children to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster, she could talk to the audience - the film is very short). <br /> <br /> There are worse films, but there are many, much better; another reviewer on this site compared this movie to "Lake Placid" and it's just as good a contrast as any other I think about. This movie worked so great because the performances were excellent, the jokes were funny, the voltage sequences were terrifying and were not developed by the committee. The fact that the heroes had some depth and shadows was an unexpected bonus. I do not need a post-pub show at midnight to have fun with this movie. <br /> <br /> This video will disappear over time to become an ordinary footnote in the history of the film. However, if this is a precedent, I am really worried about what might exceed our screens in a few years. Probably nothing will come out. The many-year favorite popcorn - "Seekers of the Lost Ark", "Aliens", "Halloween" and of course "Star Wars" - are simply not produced by group thinking. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, I'll tell you what - I do not want Ingmar Bergman.
