The more I analyze this movie, the worse. First of all, why is the motivational speaker? This part was just stupid. That is, why the megalomaniac trying to control the world relied on the motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really so disorganized? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he looks for ideas in the Bible. I could add that many of these ideas really have no credibility (for example, the part of "Ishmael and Isaac's houses will scream out of terror" could already happen.) Could be synagogues burnt during Krystalnacht and mosques may well have been mosques blown up in Baghdad or something in this kind.) And Gillen Lane's family! They had nothing to do except to provide family values ​​and wipe the eyes with water! I can add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only twenty (or the impression I had) and has a ten-year-old child, he had a child in high school. Yes, TBN family values ​​go. Also, why did this movie have to be so damn similar to propaganda? I will repeat what the previous reviewer said. Indiana Jones' films use Christian mythology as a story tool and manipulate it well so that we are under the influence of alcohol. This movie does not do this. The beginning begins well, and Michael Ironsides plays a priest who murders a scholar of some kind and steals a dead Omega code. Then, when he confronts the two men he apparently is afraid of, two prophets tell him: "Tell your master that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already knows" and points to a small monitoring camera. This part sent shivers to my spine. If only it happened, one scene would love this movie. I will give credit to Michael: he performs his character well, just like Michael Ironsides. But the good are terrible. I've already talked about Lane's family <br /> <br />. Now, when I finished playing, I will go to the story. This is of course a Baptist film, because our beloved Pope of the Vatican is portrayed as a fool. The world plot of domination that I liked, it turned out to be credible and subtle, just as the action sequences were also exciting and well done. Also another diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are seen as dogmatically thinking, because Gillen explains to the Pope that this is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. Also, the Vatican (or Israelis) says their departure from the World League because they used the Omega Code to control the world. Whoever it was would not have separated, sent commandos and killed them. It's the equivalent of America who knows that the KGB will kill the president and just say, "We will not talk to you anymore!" Come on! I liked the scenes in which we see bombers heading towards Israel and seeing them again on the monitor. In short, on average.
