I was very disappointed with this movie for several reasons. For the first half hour it is quite decent. Although the game is not better than the one you can find in rap rap, it's a bit fun and the value of production does not seem to be half wrong. To tell the truth, I almost thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film), which turned out to be MUCH better than I expected. The plot of the film focuses not only on deceiving husbands, but also on how women are perceived and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which is a good premise, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the creators of this movie rely on the fact that a good movie concerns how you treat your subject, and finging massacred the veal chop that they had before them. About 30 minutes after the film, the roles of men and women are reversed after the wife of the main characters cast a spell on him as a result of his cheating habits. The transition is not only happening due to what looks like an innovative, cosmic age, but the CGI effects dated to what I'm guessing would be the '70s, but the whole story just goes down. The rest of the movie is just shoddy predictable situations and clever liners. On top of everything (and I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) it turns out to be a dream. Who has not seen this? Oh man, I almost forgot about the most ridiculous thing in the movie. After about an hour, I start to think "hmmmm, something just does not seem right in relation to the soundtrack, but what can it be?"? and then I am struck by HALF MUSIC IN THE FILM WAS GIVEN FROM THE GAME VIDEO CONNECTED WITH THE KING FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When oh, when DR you give us a movie, can we call a work of art?!?! Perhaps a comedy that would suit French Amelie, or an action movie that would suit Thai Ong-Bak, animation like Akira was for Japan, a witty crime thriller as Layer Cake for England, or an awakening trip in which Waking Life took place . <br /> <br /> ... I would give him 1, but I've seen a lot worse go out with DR, I search through Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
