Education of Victor Vargas: Overview <br /> <br /> You know, Raising Victor Vargas is like putting your hands in a large steaming bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and sticky, but you're not sure if it's good. Try as much as I can, no matter how warm and sticky. Education of Victor Vargas has happened, I have always realized that something is not quite right. Victor Vargas suffers from some confidence on the part of the director. Apparently the director thought that the ethnic background of the Latino family in the lower east and the idyllic plot would make the film critic a proof. He was right, but it did not fool me. Raising Victor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy you guessed, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who lives in teenage years, chasing more skirts than the Rolling Stones could have done during all the years in which they toured. The film begins in Donny 'Ugly Fat' bedroom, where Victor will certainly seduce her, but a scream from outside disturbs his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes - looking for him. Captured by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas escapes to control the damage. However, even with the embarrassing suggestion that he ripped away the nicest girl from the neighborhood, nothing discourages young Victor from hunting for more fresh meat. On a hot day in New York, they go to a local public pool, where Victor's eyes are noticed by the charming young nymph of Judy (Judy Marte), which is not only pretty, but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the main theme of the film. The story also focuses on the Victor family, which consists of his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by real brother Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor between scenes from Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to cope with being an overactive pimp-father, his feelings for Judah and the conservative upbringing of his Catholic grandmother. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise in connection with Raising Victor Vargas are several but blatant errors. Throughout the film, you meet characters like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy, and even the best friend of Judy, Melon. The problem is that we know nothing about Victor Vargas, except that he is the biggest gigolo in the area. We know that he knows how to lick his lips, comb each other and carry with him to call the girls to the sack, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and more quietly, you could see it after the prizes on the family piano. We know his sister Nicki, a girl who loves gossip, who is interested in watching TV. We know that grandma is a hard-working Latina woman who tries to raise her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. But where is the title character, Victor Vargas? It's somewhere in this movie, but we only know what the movie says. This is by far the biggest drawback of the film. Victor Vargas is not so much a character as a ping pong ball that bounces between the scenes of Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido sized in Manhattan. He is a total alpha man. Victor Vargas is not a character that I sympathize with. Why should someone? At the end of the movie, after the culmination, did we really believe that Victor Vargas reached ANY depth and learned the mistakes of his ways? How can such a two-dimensional figure have any depth? If only the director was worried about refining his main character, instead of worrying about keeping him in his hand perfectly. <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas brings the world of the downtown district to the big screen. Something that previously did several movies. The film was complimented for being so real and I will not argue with it. I have not seen this level of reality since CBS issued Survivor. Seriously, although the movie has some cool shots of the city, screenwriter / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on close-ups and photos of the hand. This problem is particularly noticeable in scenes in rooms that are so claustrophobic that I had to do deep breathing exercises so as not to lose consciousness. As the film continues, the shots become stronger and the faces are trimmed from the forehead to the chin on the screen; You can practically feel the smell of cheap Victor Vargas cologne. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. Scenes inside flats in the city center make them look small and shrunken, which is not true. I was in such types of apartments; I lived in one. They are not great, but they have high ceilings and are decent living spaces. According to the standards of the film one would think that these apartments were 5x5 cells made of brick and mortar, shredded paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the continuous use of close-ups by Sollett and one particularly bad photo with magnification on one stage is completely amateur. But Raising Victor Vargas is just Sollett's second film and his most-known, solid effort in making movies, which, hopefully, will improve when he continues to make movies. One review I read summarized the film as "Ethnicity for Ethnicity" and I can not agree more. If Victor Vargas was really a great movie and a story, then the suitability of the character would not matter if they were Latinos, Chinese, etc. However, if you were to take this story and keep it in the middle class suburbs with a handful of little ones - white children's white results would not be so great reviews, and the disadvantages of the film would be clearer. Indeed, some other aspects of using Latinos in this movie are bothering me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate, others have to be questioned. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky sleep in one room. That caused me an alarm because it seemed to contradict what I believe. Any self-respecting Hispanic family would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen year old girl. At the beginning I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking with my grandmother I knew that my problem with this was justified. Considering the grandmother's conservativeness, one might think that Vicky would sleep in her room. <br /> <br /> As a Latin man who grew up in a slightly conservative Cuban household, brought up by my grandmother while my mother was working full-time, I could refer to the film in many ways, which is why my critical views are bittersweet because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my disrespect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who were abandoned when I played with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because without further introspection of the film, Victor Vargas is just a stereotypical Latinos who just yells to the girls from his car: "Hey, bee, I want to get to my luv Mah-Cheen? I do not like him anyway, so ultimately how can I like a movie about him? So if you'll forgive me, I'm going to put my hands in a bowl of porridge. <br /> <br />
