When teenagers go on a camping trip, there are many stereotypes that can be guaranteed. <br /> <br /> 1) Teens will be warned not to go where the crazy local are going. Dan Van Husen is dealing with a funny exhibition about deadly sirens. What, who, how and why are supported in one almost unintelligible explosion. 2) The van will fail. 3) Looking for help, the group will be divided and will be picked up one by one by each monster they have been warned about. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a madman who catches them. 5) The house will have a telephone, but it will not work, it will be disturbingly decorated, there will be twinkling neon, spiders and worms. 6) The madman will catch them when they try to escape in a vehicle that does not want to run (here the escape at high speed was to be done on the tractor). 7) The madman will seemingly be killed only to return from the dead to a cheap, weak fear, and then he will be killed properly. 8) Only the girl will stay alive from the group. 9) At the end there will be an unnecessary turn. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements naked sirens (which characters seem to react in surprising different ways, even though everyone who sees them should immediately fall into lust) who seduces and kills teens, torn throats and bodies pulled in half, and you have something similar to a twelve year old boy dreaming about film. <br /> <br /> I think it's fair to say that my opinion about the director and his previous work is as low as possible, but I am glad that I can say that there are several elements that are pleasant and they're a great improvement to his previous movie, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Sometimes cinematography is very good, music and editing are better than previous movies and other low-budget horror films. I was impressed when I heard that it was achieved thanks to one third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things in this movie are not in the movie content, it is ultimately a mild, unnecessary movie that was made again and again, but among DVD accessories. <br /> <br /> If you are renting this movie, I am begging you to listen to the commentary of the director who is unbelievable. There is more to say about it than the film itself. One of the surprising parts of the commentary is the director's claim that the film is a stereotypical lead because it was a predetermined idea. He says that it is a deliberate attempt to use all stereotypes and openly wonders if "people will get it". <br /> <br /> I am afraid to say that if it is to be a clever nod and a wink to movies from the past and genre stereotypes in them, it is not written witty enough, it works in the right tone or does not have enough style to work . If this film was made to order, it leads me to ask one question; "What was the point?" This is something that just falls into the canon of evil horrors, any attempt to do something wise or otherwise did not work. <br /> <br /> The next diamond is the conversation about snobbish about digital film formats. They rightly emphasize that digital technology is often synonymous with cheap and easy service. However, the best moment to talk is to mourn the fact that when Michael Mann makes a movie in a format that is called a visionary. There is a simple distinction here; Mann is a talented director who uses this format to match his story and style, Roberts is a horror hack that uses it to create low-end genre images. I think the differences are obvious, and the comparison is not only arrogant but unnecessary. <br /> <br /> The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments about people who have spent time reviewing their previous film. Those who do not like it are generalized as "geeks" and even went so far as to distinguish specific people who have the courage to express their opinion on forums that encourage them to do so. I must admit that I was a bit disappointed that my review of his last film was not honored for ridicule. Tire goes on when the group jokes about Norwegian reviewers, along with "funny" accents suggesting that people from Norway do not know a good movie simply because of their place of birth. As always, these kinds of comments speak more about those who say them than about those they target, they just make the director and his friends look ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package is complemented by a tasteful movie about how Mermaids were planted. Robert's oath to say "I did not want to make a Baywatch-like movie", seeing tapes with topless auditions and naked girls writhing on the ground. There is also a nice, indulgent documentary about creating Darkhunters, during which Robert says that the reviewer claimed that Forest is "The Best British Film in Years". I do not know who he wants to convince. At some point in the commentary to the song, Robert says jokingly, "I see people sitting in the house talking," this is not amazing ", he is not wrong.
