I have never been an avid viewer of "Crocodile Hunter", but from time to time I saw an episode or a little episode, and when the news spread about the death of Steve Irwin from the stingray attack in 2006, it certainly caught my attention. This movie, with Steve and his wife, Terri, playing alone, but in fictional history, was released in 2002, but I did not hear about it until a few years later, and even then it took me some time to see. Well, now I saw it and after seeing it here (more than once) and seeing its evaluation, I was not surprised how it turned out not to be impressive, although it could have been a better BIT. Apparently it's supposed to be a comedy, so the main problem is that it's not funny at all. <br /> <br /> An American satellite signal falls from space and lands in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin have the mission of catching this crocodile from the place where they terrorize cattle on the ranch belonging to the crazy Brozzie Drewitt, and are unaware of what is inside, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to pick up the lantern! Agents are assisted by Jo Buckley, and the ranch owner and his dogs can make their mission difficult! On the mission of Steve and Terri they face other types of dangerous wild animals, not just a crocodile, and because they have no idea that a crocodile has something extraordinary in it, when Steve sees CIA agents behind them, he makes mistakes for poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only did I laugh a lot while watching this movie, but only Steve Irwin used a huge snake to scare away one of the CIA agents. Besides, I do not think I find something that would be mildly fun. It's also a bit of an inconsistent mess, passing from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters, and it looks like the clips from "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from the action thriller (or something like that) are put together for some reason. Also included in this mix are ranch scenes, which seem to be otherwise and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubańska, to be. At some point, we see her fart, so we have a fart joke, MAIN CLICK in a modern comedy! Is it hard to resist ?! I also found typical scenes of "Crocodile Hunter" in which Steve wrestled with crocodiles and kept other dangerous creatures and talked about them with the audience to be boring, but I think that the fact that I have never been a zealous fan of this program did not help. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin was admired by many as an activist for nature conservation, and is unfortunately overlooked by them, while there are also those who claim to be messy with nature and have it to him. Regardless of which side you are on, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-prepared movie. I'm sure it will help if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you are, there's no guarantee that you'll like this movie because some fans were clearly not impressed. In fact, it seems that some of them have found this movie to be worse than me, so maybe it will not help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say that regardless of what you think of Steve Irwin and his program, this movie was unnecessary. An attempt to combine what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictitious story, unfortunately, has failed, and the viewer may find that this movie seems to be longer than ninety minutes!
