Forest of the Damned begins with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) together with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), set off for a long holiday week "In the middle of nowhere," their words are not mine. In any case, before they know that they are deep in the forest, and Emilio awkwardly passes over a woman (Frances Da Costa), along with a badly wounded person to add to their problems, that the van they travel to will not move and you can not receive no signals on mobile phones. They must quickly find help, so that Molly and Judd will leave in the hope of finding a home, and as time and darkness begin to rain, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that something nasty lurks in the forest ... <br /> <br /> This English production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts and after reviewing a few other comments and reviews, both here on IMDb and on the Internet, Forest of the Damned seems to share the opinion with some sympathies and others not, personally did not do much . The screenplay is recorded on the screen to Roberts, but here on IMDb he gives Joseph London with "additional script material", which means that this is the basic type of the type, like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your primary, faceless teen victim they are rejected, but they use an interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest and kill people for reasons that are never explained with great satisfaction. There is also Stephen, played by the fantastic Tom Savini, who never gives any justification for what he does. Is he there to get offerings for angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by hitting his head? The story is very loose, it never seemed the right movie. The characters are poor, the dialogue is not much better, and the lack of any significant history makes it difficult to engage in or care for everything that happens. Having said that he is moving at a reasonable pace and there are some decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> The director Johannes does not do anything special, it's not a particularly stylish flash movie to watch. There are some decent horror scenes, and Tom Savini's character is great when he's on the screen (though why did not he hear Judd break the door with an ax while escaping from Molly?) And it's a shame when he gets killed. There are a few decent scenes here, someone has his head stuck in the ground, a head is cut off, someone pulls a rifle, someone bites his throat, someone's mouth bites and someone gets torn in half. There is also a lot of feminine nakedness, not so much that it helps a lot. <br /> <br /> Technically, Forest of the Damned is fine, it's quite well made, but it's not very special or eye-catching. It was shot in England and Wales. It is strange that the English script for a very American horror movie backwards. The actor is generally quite poor, with the exception of Savini, who deserves to be better. The author of the horror Shaun Hutson has an embarrassing episode and proves that he should stick to writing, not acting. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned is a pretty bad horror movie. I miss something, but it is not a movie to which I have a lot of sentiment. In addition to one or two decent moments, there is not much to recommend.
