From the very beginning this movie was horrible! Why was it so bad? If it's not naked women, not only do they need a decent plastic surgeon, but also the expertise of the dentist, and then the free hand of whitening Colgate !! Then it's a "crazy" old guy at a gas station that's not that crazy, but more "I'm not sure how to behave very well, so I'll stare straight ahead and look as stupid as I can pretend to scream in robotic tones about something in the forest "!! Then let's go back to those naked nymphs who need a cure for gingivitis ... apparently without touching you ... and according to the initial scene ... they can cause a nasty red rash on your neck that I assumed I was missing a part of the body, but it looks like it can do with some TCP to clean it. Then you have Sophie Holland, who plays Ally, I've never seen such a baaaaaad of action, she is more "me, if I am not playing, that no one else is, and I do not want to do it, so I'm not, and I'm the ugliest cow in the world, I am sarcastic, small and if I do not understand things, I will sulk! ", The kind of person ... reminds me more of the attitude of an old girl. I do not think it's worth mentioning the horrible camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or how low budget the movie was when Judd broke into the "locked" door, in fact it was open before he reached out to unlock it is on the other hand !! This movie is totally funny! If it was a parody, it would be successful ... but only, but how the horror movie was just bad! I can not even describe everything that happened in this movie, I will run out of space! Although it was fun watching the raspberry juice in his ear, every time he opened his mouth, while Tom Savini's character was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his line of vision !! It was even more fun when the two of them thought they could get away with the damn tractor, which we all know is the hated number one vehicle to get stuck behind because it's so fucking free! Is it strange that they fail? And how many people know that he can cut his wrist and then run for hours as if nothing happened! No pain, no weakness from blood loss, nothing!? But the stupidest part is when suddenly (and I mean it literally) is one year later, and Molly is still wandering the forest after escaping with a nymph, and then, here's and Shaun Hutson picks her up ... obviously not without a line promoting his books !! (although he is one of my favorite authors), but suddenly and without any clue as to how and why ... she is angry and lures Hutton to his death, and then from the beginning to the crazy guy suddenly wandering the forest with a can of gasoline, even after its "dazzling" performance, why no one should risk it for some reason ... point the fools foolishly bumping into each other for fun, while Crazy spills gasoline everywhere. ... and here the movie ends ... finally! My conclusion ... if you had not guessed right now ... absolute rubbish! There was no right thought about it, whoever aimed at the camera, had to shoot ... and thought about it, as did 99% of the cast! If the right director, actors and budget would stand behind it, it could be decent. But once again low-budget English horrors, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry are ashamed !! (And I'm English, so I can say that)! In fact, the only decent and exciting element of the film is the first 15-20 minutes when we watch how it changes from night to day in the field type area. I always thought about it, "Jesus Christ in Heaven, why oh, why did you let somebody do it, his absolute cow's testicles !!" But I can not turn off the movie after I started to watch it. I then had to watch From Dusk Til Dawn to remind myself that Tom Savini has it in it to work well! If there was an option on 0/10, trust me that I would choose it because this movie is not even worth the point I gave it! <br /> <br /> But that's just my opinion, look at it and decide for yourself.
