This film actually works with a rather original idea - I have never seen a nimf thrown out of the sky in a horror movie. However, the way he does this idea is not original; we follow a group of children who for some reason decide to go on a trip to the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than just another forest filled by rednecks / nutkates / zombies, etc.; but actually monsters are just a variation on the subject of a common horror in the forest. In many films of this type there is not a single good idea - and it seems that he just carried brain cells with only one. The only real advantage that monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women who are craved by characters, not by the hideous grotesques they want to escape from. It's good to the point; but it soon becomes boring, and the almost complete lack of any history surrounding the central monsters ensures that the movie never gets out of the "horror trash" category. <br /> <br /> It's been The Evil Dead that made the forests the main place of horrors and despite movies like The Blair Witch Project; It still provides the perfect setting for a horror movie. This is one of the main assets of the film, because the forest has a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned does not seem to have much in store. The death sequences show a clear lack of imagination, and the fact that all characters are extreme does not help, because it is more likely that you will not be able to wait for them to kill them. The cast consists mainly of children, but Tom Savini has a role here; which unfortunately can not have fun in the special effects department. The only real highlight of the movie is that the staff are involved in the nymphs themselves. Nude ladies usually look great, and if they do not, then this movie is very boring. There is really nothing to recommend this movie; but if you want a bit stupid horror, which refers to the style of movies from the eighties, you can enjoy it here.
