People tried to make me believe that the premise of this nonsense, supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the last words of an authentic serial killer (whose name is now escaping me). Waiting for his execution on the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would come back to life and continue the endless madness of murder. By the way, this is not a very original idea to turn the horror. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented exactly the same basic assumptions as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". In any case, "The First Power" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not a completely terrible effort, but the script too often returns to stereotypes and lacks real emotions. The film begins as a good, but mundane serial killer movie in which obsessive policeman Lou Diamond Philips chases a maniac who sculpts bloody pentagrams in the boxes of his victims. He receives unexpected help from the spiritual medium played by the wonderful and underestimated Tracy Griffith. He leads him to the killer, but he also begs him not to kill him, which would lead to even greater catastrophe! Thanks to Tess's helpful tips, Detective Logan quickly catches the killer and celebrates the death penalty, but Patrick Channing has made a deal with Satan himself and will return to rotten California streets to kill more. The "first power" becomes quite bad when the murderer reincarnates himself as a vengeful ghost. Instead of using the newly acquired satanic powers to erase the whole world (I would do so), Channing simply prefers to play the cat and mouse with his copper nemesis. He annoysly calls him "Buddy-Boy" all the time and has the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to cheat him. Although it has never been really boring or poorly realized, it is a very poor movie to survive, mainly because you still feel déjà-vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses every horrible stereotype (the killer was sexually abused as a child) and even the player lines can be easily predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that he is able to predict the future, you just know that somewhere in this movie he will say that this absurdly misused line "I tell people who are supposed to live, but my life is a mess" Yawn. Philips Diamond Lou's performance is enough, but it's hard to take this youthful rebel "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" seriously like hard copper. There are also decent supporting roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and the legend of the horror movie B David Gale ("Re-Animator") appears in a tiny episode at the very beginning of the film.
