Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! No, I did not like it. It was obvious what the purpose of the movie was: to follow the phrases and movements of the "animators" who produce the film. In some cases, these are people who represent themselves as different than they are. I did not need a movie to tell me how shallow people are in the film industry. I suppose I'm really guilty because I expected something like "Roman Holiday". <br /> <br /> I am not a creator of films or take part in film classes, but it seemed to me that the film consists of a series of "two shots" (mainly) in which the actors (!) received a loose plot and they had to improvise dialogue. Henry Jaglon claims that along with Victoria Foyt, he actually wrote the script, but the impression was that actors, aware of the general direction of the film, developed a dialogue - and this was not always successful. That was the case when Ron Silver made some kind of attention that did not really go down the line of conversation (and I'm not coming back to look for her!), And Greta Scacchi laughed, even though they were having a serious conversation because Silver's remark was so sequitur. One gets the impression that one actor deliberately attempts to "put the wrong actor" and stop his concentration. Another example is the situation in which the producer tells Silver to "bring in documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver looked literally words. I saw one more movie that looked like a series of dramatic workshops on improvisation and it was terrible too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (without a stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggest that it was a "slow week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich always looked at him in the face "what a hell-I'm-I'm doing" and I expected to hear him say, "Listen, I'm a director and a scriptwriter - not an actor" - which would be unnecessary to say! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting his son, Liam. In addition to violent dialogue, the manual camera became annoying, even if it was evidence of truth - I suspect that it was a "natural" dialogue - and the interest of directors became subordinated to the interest of various young people walking along the strand trying to get shot. That at least turned to Cinema Verite. So, along with the annoying French singing, during which I used the mute button, I made generally disappointing 90-minute minutes. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid apotheaging movies like this one. Attempt to see the value in a film in which there are few points to justify the perceived transcendental level is wrong. There was nothing really avant-garde in it. It was not a work of art, but it was not documentary either. I know it was a mocumentary, but the real test is if it's fun. My skull bored me! He had one function of redemption: he pronounced "Cannes" correctly, so I gave him 3/10.
