'I do not understand. Nothing makes sense! ", Exclaims one annoyed figure at the end of Death on Death. After I sat in this completely confusing movie mess, I know exactly how he feels. The story of director Aristide Massacessi (good old Joe D'amato, who is called in turns) is a clumsy mix of supernatural, murder / mystery and pretentious artistic nonsense that will probably appeal to those who admire the monstrous garbage of the '70s, such as the more bizarre Jess Franco's efforts, but which forced me to remain conscious. <br /> <br /> Opening a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he had an incestuous affair before finally losing her to the mad doctor), Mortal Smiles for Murder soon become very confused when the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin who plays in the equally strange "Death fed egg") lives and kicks, the only survivor of a bus accident that takes place outside the estate of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück. After being invited to stay and regain strength in his home, where he has a tendency to scare Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski in the role cast), the charming girl starts an affair with Mr. and Mrs. Ravensbrück (which means that the viewers are treated to short but nice seen scenes from nookie and lesbian lovin '). <br /> <br /> "So far so good", I thought at this point: "we had hunchbacks, incest, some blood and guts and unpretentious nakedness of women" - all the components of a big trashy Euro-horror movie; but what follows is a lame attempt by Massacessi to kill giallo-style assassinations, ghastly games, and even elements from Edgar Allan Poe's "Black Cat" to tell a very stupid, totally stunning and ultimately unusually boring tale of vengeance from beyond the grave. <br /> <br /> It seems that there are not many admirers in the IMDb movie, but considering the choice, I would prefer to watch one of the worst films of a director from a later career; I guess the unintelligible, meandering, surrealistic horror of the 70s is not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (only for cheesy gore and nekkidness), rounded to 3 for IMDb.
