Horror fans (I am talking to people over 12, though if you are under 12, I apologize for what you may consider offensive): In short, if you appreciate that your imagination is disturbed by a well-written, original story, interrupted by an unpredictable well-staffed horror and delivered by convincing performances, and then I can heartily recommend - AVOID THIS PARAMETERS - done by directors, who apparently have not sold for a long time. It's no coincidence that almost every episode seems like it was created in the 80's. Do not blame the arms of some of these old boys (actually 80s), because where we would be without some films such as Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (Actually Clive, WTF you are doing with pleasure I will see that Romero had enough reason to give him a longing, because I am sure he was asked to participate ...). Perhaps we should point the finger at the creator Mick Garris, whose credibility includes the logic of the opposite and depressingly underestimated remake of television masterpiece Stanley Kubrick "The Shining". <br /> <br /> Perhaps this is an indication of the state today television. Are we so hungry for a good TV horror that we applaud every old, sloppy rag that the networks give off to our sets? Unfortunately, maybe. <br /> <br /> Usually, I would not see the point of adding a comment that does not interfere with the pros and cons of production, I just evaluate it accordingly. However, because there are no pitiful achievements in this series (perhaps the only exception to the theme melody), I write this as a warning, not a review: DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. If you disagree with me, it is more than likely that you have not seen enough decent horror. Perhaps the earlier films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start, but if these "Masters of Horror" were judged only on the basis of these works, they would never be able to complete their studies even with a bachelor's degree. Unless of course they did not study at the University of S ** t.
