Honestly, the concept of "Masters of Horror" had something to do with it. Great horror film directors who have been left aside by the industry, which has a chance of re-horror of the horror, I was behind her from the beginning. I mean, until I've seen some episodes ... Oh my, it's a really bad TV. Not only does it seem that the directors receive very little budgets to manage their skits, but it seems that there are also guidelines, such as shooting in HD. In short, it's bad for both artistic and financial reasons. I can not help but compare to "Tales From The Crypt" and M.o.H. episodes really do not stand the comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; in my opinion here are a few keys to explain: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes per episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I think it allowed for denser scenarios, with good ideas coming back more often, a better episode review, less chances, that the story would be misleading or boring. Duration could also be the reason why the budget was better spent on TFTC: directors had to have REAL composers of film music (composers on MOH are, if they do not exist, very bad), Real actors (while on MOH it's nothing like an unknown actor after an unknown actor) !, REAL photography managers and sometimes can help REAL movie cameras (while MOH is filmed on HD cameras with very ill-fitting lenses), resulting in TFTC episodes that looked and were "cinematographic" in the sense that real actors were cast, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth, Kyle McLachlan and Kirk Douglas, but there were also film composers in the field of Alan Silvestri, great film directors such as Dean Cundey, high-class writers, and in that sense every "story" was a small, real movie. In comparison to TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is a pretty bad approach to television horror. It is difficult to look at it if your cinematography standards are slightly above average, because it looks the same as any ugly television series, if not worse. It gets boring, and even annoyingly incredibly fast, in the first 10 minutes. Actors are never heard before imitators (except Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even there they are the only known actors from their episodes). The directing base for MoH was good at first, but with each episode the worst and worst thing gets done: even if the directors are not known to the world, what remains? Nothing! The funny thing is that they're starting to have completely unknown directors while they did not even have, say, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... Even if "Masters of Horror" can not bring dead directors back to life, who? Maybe Tales from the Crypt will repeat.
