I first heard about Unisol 2 when I passed the cinema when I was on vacation in America. I really did not pay attention to it until I bought the original on DVD, which led me to know its three sequels. Then I started to read about The Return on IMDB and asked friends what they think about it. Despite their terrifying criticism, I was still trying to see it and I was on the edge of the purchase until I saw it for rental on DVD. I did not expect too much, but I thought that getting a movie premiere in the US had to be half-decent, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Nothing could prepare me for it. It's so bad that I almost cried. What a total loss of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain how bad this movement is. Honestly. It's idiotic film making. No, it's more than idiocy. I just can not believe how it happened. I can not believe someone murdered Mic Rogers there. How stupid people can be - firstly, Van Damme actually thinks that the script and finished film was good. Second, the fact that Xander Berkley has become involved with this film from the status of Terminator 2 and Air Force One. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. He devotes himself so seriously, but he reaches the audience like a parody. Here's an example: the daughter of JCVD ​​(yes, Luc is now a man) - "I want my daddy", SETH- "Yes, I". Oh, yes, and some guy is trying to close SETH, pulling three huge levers behind him - wait for it - ON and OFF written on them. Acting is like a kindergarten game. I am sure that the Director modeled himself on the reporter Luc's girlfriend on April O'Neil in the hero mutant turtles cartoon - he refuses because "... needs his story". I mean - how many cliches a movie can use? Listen to me, other IMDB users - do not touch this barge with your bar. In summary, Universal Soldier: The Return has nothing to do with the first movie. In fact, if they were not called UniSols, you would never know it was a continuation. Luc is a human now - what the hell!?! The only place where you can get access to the Internet is a strip club. All new Uni Sols look like they have been downloaded from the street, they are so unconvincing. This is pure torture to watch, so do yourself a favor - do not torture yourself. P.S - The best part of the movie: Romeo jumps off the building and shouts "Oh sh * t".
