We're opening with Colonel Luk Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal soldier and his powerful Asian friend chased down the river by what appears to be Universal Soldiers. They almost killed them and then they waited, it was just an off-road test. The Deveraux we're looking for is now part of a government-funded company that designs a new level of Universal Soldiers. Why would he want to get involved (if you know anything about the original) is never explained and is far away from me. <br /> <br /> It's this frail piece that real story is growing. The US government has lowered the budget of the Universal Soldier project, and thus has angered SETH (a large artificial mainframe that controls Universal Soldiers). Of course, it will not be closed without a fight. This means that Van Damme must leave and take away all new Universal Soldiers. It sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and continuation of the sequel, but that does not stop him from being stupid. <br /> <br /> For example, Bill Goldberg is one of the new Universal Soldiers. It seems that you can not go wrong by throwing a wrestler in the action movie. It's big, it's hard, right? Wrong. Van Damme does not seem to have a problem wiping the floor ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here is lost. Then there is glass breaking. The basic part of every action movie, but someone involved must have a glass fetish. In particular, you must see the battle scenes. Let's not talk about how no one cuts, or at least does not slip. Then, to put faith on top of this train wreck, they have a SETH (computer) that protects the human body for itself and how it is appropriate when they make it a villain (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good white guy fighting a black bad guy. Potentially offensive and almost lame. He also will not replace Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a bad continuation. It's loud, it's stupid and it does not care. The original was nothing poetic, but it had a simple meaning with a science fiction element and entertained at the basic level. Sequel no. However, they have a working time of less than ninety minutes and somehow found a way to press the sequence of strip clubs. So give credit where credit is due.
