After watching the low-budget, more fake versions of the Universal Soldier series, I hoped and prayed that Van Damme would repeat his role of Luc Devoreaux in the second film Unisol. Well, it seemed that the prayer was answered, but not as I expected. Universial Soldier 2 is as intense as reading poetry in the local library. No, even that would be more intriguing. The combat sequences are of the highest quality, the quality of Bruce Lee, which is the only factor exchangeable in all this pathetic excuse for the film. This and having the former WCW legend "Goldberg" playing on the villain. However, placing Goldberg as an auxiliary Seth midfielder would be better. <br /> <br /> We got the most offense in the film itself. It's like some film school students hit him together. Holes in the story are as big as Kanye West's ego, which really made this movie. For example: daughter Luc, Hillary looks like she is at least 11-13 years old, and the first movie was shot just seven years ago. How is this possible? Tell me that! The part where Luc's partner was murdered and turned into Unisol is just damn dangerous! You want to tell me that the experimental Unisol was exposed in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the film. Come on. The director could spend more time with this film as the first and stitch all the holes in the story. But oooh nooo! <br /> <br /> Speaking of the story, IT SUCKS! Compared to the first movie, the story of Universal Soldier 2 has been diluted and worthless. Where are the little emotions in which Unisol gets mad, recreating his last memories in a supermarket madness, thinking that the Desert Storm or something like that? It was the dawn of the Millennium, you would have attracted more audiences if it was in the future dystopian / orwellian cesspool. Corny is the right adjective to describe this sad, sad, sad continuation. <br /> <br /> From what I saw: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3 and hell, even low "class 1999" with knockout / no class is more fun than that!
