OK I saw this movie to get a benchmark for the bad, but thanks to this movie, the story of Unisol is now the best. Luc Devereux is now a technical expert who works with the government with his partner Maggie, who has gone through countless hours of training and fighting with him, refine and refine the UniSol program, trying to create a new, stronger soldier who is more sophisticated, intelligent and agile. All new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected by means of an artificially intelligent computer system called SETH, a helix of thought developing. When SETH discovers that Universal Soldier is about to shut down due to budget cuts, he takes matters into his "hands" to protect himself. Killing those who try to turn off his power and releasing his platoon of super-soldiers, driven by the Romeo muscloound, SETH saves Deveraux, just because Deveraux has a secret code that is needed to deactivate the built-in program that will close SETH in a few hours. With the help of a hacker named Squid, SETH takes on a human character. Luc has to fight not only with ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but Luc must also fight with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped an injured 13-year-old daughter, Luc, Hillary, and now holds her hostage. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary, because Luc knows firsthand how UniSol thinks, feels and fights. now there are problems, like in every movie, just like anyone found it strange how it happened that there was a reporter there and Soldiers can be flattened with a truck, but when Vanne Damme shoots them with a one-bullet gun and they die and the final fight scene it was unbelievable when Luc is now human, and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unisol, and Luc can take a hit from him. in the last fight, when Luc breaks it into pieces, I was really surprised that the pieces did not melt and reform it (Terminator 2). Another thing that torments me is how the hell Vanne Damme makes good actors to play relatives. I mean, in the case of Vanne Damme, this is completely excluded from the way science fiction is. Music Score, which must be mentioned that you have ever listened to a song in which you would rather cut a board with a knife, Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The advantage is that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first one there is only one naked scene, while in the first there are many (I'm still haunted by scenes in # 1) also the actors have some talent while in the first throw the guys were sadists (if you do not believe I'm successful)
