In the presentation of the miserable Milanese subclass, this film was probably quite revealing in those days. However, I have the impression that neorealism was never really a bag of director De Siki, because here he decided to try to create a modern fairy tale around a boy who was found on a patch of cabbage by an old beloved in the country. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto lives in poverty in Milan. He organizes the inhabitants in community activities and supports their spirits, swaning with an annoyingly constant smile on their faces and testing them on the tables of the times. The fact that no one tells him where to keep his time tables is outside of me, because these people have much more important things to think about, for example where the next Pot Noodle will come from. In any case, De Sica uses a subtly subtle dramatic device to accurately indicate why the poor are where they are. It all boils down to capitalism, and to illustrate it, it has unfortunates to discover a fountain of oil on their land. Excellent! However, until that time, he gave up the serious movie, and the capitalists appear as raw cartoons, all fur and cigars. They want this land, but our math hero will not support such nonsense. Freakishly his old, dead guardian of the cabbage days appears in the sky and gives him a magical dove. He uses it to give gifts to his friends who turn out to be as greedy as cigars. I think this movie was a missed opportunity. In order to deal with the theme of poverty, as so far not many filmmakers have done, and then become entangled in a fairy tale, it seems a bit stupid to me. How is it that the "great" directors avoid childish twists and turns like the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably deny the idea that poor people will fly over the Duomo in Milan and stand on a higher place on broomsticks. De Sica, however, is a genius. Certainly the fact that these people are so poor that their faith is unshakeable and that miracles never happen to them, it is enough for every storyteller to talk about it. <br /> <br />
