Mind is caught up in what Universal Soldier deserves to continue. Because a real star, Dolph Lundgren, would not be able to repeat his role from the original, there are few reasons to afford this obvious tax deduction. Bold attempts are made to fill the gap by a professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and Martial Arts expert Michael Jai White. In their favor, they put in their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg looks like he has the time of his life in this film and has a look at fulfilling the required role of a comedian villain. For the first time, his role is to repeat the same line several times and it is not annoying. The problem from the audience's point of view is that none of these gentlemen have a sense of comical timing or slight humility, which makes Lundgren enjoy such a pleasure in almost all of his films. And that's the problem. You are not going to the Van Damme movie because you want serious action. You go because you want a comedy, though unintentional. <br /> <br /> Many people do not know, after which Universal Soldier was preceded by two sequels directly to the video. I saw only the first who had such bad production values ​​that one could only wonder if it was going to be some fancy joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that once in his career the sight of Jean-Claude Van Damme is a welcome relief. The film more or less completely disregards the stories of the aforementioned direct-to-video sequels, and instead starts a completely new story, fixed indefinitely after the events of the original. After years of research and explanation, the Unisol project continues, with minor modifications. First of all, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant to injuries than their earlier cousins. Second, all Unisole are now under the supervision of a supercomputer named SETH. In the early parts of the SETH film, it exists primarily as a series of abstract graphics in a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Because the film just lasts over eighty minutes, we are quickly told about financing the army is being cut. The Unisol project is located in the cutting block, which basically means that SETH will be turned off. SETH, somehow listening to this conversation through means that are never really explained, decides to mobilize Unisols as an army against those who want to close it. His only problem is that from time to time his code must be entered into his system to prevent automatic closing. Two people have this code. SETH kills the first in a short time, and those who are familiar with the storyline that arises from Van Damme's films guess who will happen in five seconds. The rest of the movie revolves around Unisols' attempts to extract the Van Damme code without hurting it too much. The film has a story with a daughter and a reporter, but it adds the same to the story as Van Damme to the actor's profession. <br /> <br /> The film is filled to the brim with absurd lines and cliches. When SETH moves his command module to the body of Michael Jai White, we get a speech about how the time of people has ended. He goes on to tell his soldiers that fear and mortality will be the weakness of humanity. Gee, SETH, do you mean they will not be our strengths? Apart from all the jokes, the short movie time is both the weakness of the film and its strength. It leaves the action without proper configuration. In the original, we get a very accurate explanation of Unisols, how they work and how they are brought to the state that is visible in most films. Here, the writer seems to take it for granted that the viewer knows what Unisol is and how it works. At least in the original, there was a moment of curiosity and delight, leaving an explanation later in the movie, when the protagonist lies in a tub of ice. Here one of the villains is shot with a gun that leaves huge holes in his uniform (and probably his body), getting up every time without stopping for breath. <br /> <br /> I tend to reserve the result of one for movies that are so bad that they become entertaining in a totally unintended way. If you can see it cheaper, get out. This is a movie that makes me mourn the loss of the Mystery Science Theater.
