When I was 16, I saw a documentary "A funny thing happened on the way to the moon." Actually, I liked it and believed it for several years. But then I grew up and started thinking, and when I was looking for more information. This is: more information from drums and non-objective sources. When I started studying at the university recently, I asked the assistant astronomy professor for conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: he said all the theories that lie. It surprised me, I did not believe it first, but then he presented evidence for his claims. He quickly refuted most theories on the subject: "people did not go to the moon." The most outrageous claim was that the Apollo ship could not travel through the Van-Allen radiation belt without losing the crew by radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation alloy. This is not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a mystery: why should they reveal it? If in a space race with the Russians, it would be VERY stupid to reveal that they have a new technology that can protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> And then there is the greatest proof of all: the moon stones. When the Apollo missions reach the moon, they bring many rocks from the moon to give them to geologists and similar scientists who document everything about the moon. These rocks and stones are IN FAKT FROM THE MOON. Because: the basic internal elements that make up all the matter are also made of special isotopes that differ from the quarry, the quarry, the land, and especially the planet from the planet. It has been proven that the isotopes of these rocks and stones do not come from the earth. The astronauts brought hundreds of kilos of these rocks, all turned out to be from beyond the earth and from the same planet. Ergo: the landings on the moon are not false. NASA went to a different planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite to the planet, the moon (duuh). These rocks have been sent to laboratories and universities around the world. It has been proved: people went to the moon - it's a fact, pronto. <br /> <br /> But I'm not worried: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, mainly because they do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: people walked on the moon.
