From the uninspiring title to flat acting performances, Curdled is a very uninteresting movie. The film gained a few fans thanks to the name Quentin Tarantino attached to it, and a stupid and out-of-the-way bow to the Rodriguez / Tarantino ring "From Dusk to Dawn". These things are not a great movie though, and this is more than obvious in the whole "Zsiadłe". The film suffers from an obvious lack of ideas and tries to mask it with murders that are supposed to be stylish and events that should be disturbing. Mexican music, which accompanies many sequences of the film, is of course to be fun, but it quickly becomes annoying; especially since apart from being a Mexican character, the main character does not fit the tone of the movie. The plot is usually unconventional and accompanied by a gorehound who, due to his obsession with macabre murders, takes a job in a company that cleans up murder scenes. It sounds boring and it is. <br /> <br /> William Baldwin is the only "name" on the cast list, and even he does not get the impression. He was not given anything to do in the film, and besides talking to his victims and standing nearby, trying to look threatening, he is almost wasted. Angela Jones, or rather; a taxi driver from Pulp Fiction, plays the main role as a young woman obsessed with murder, and it is always clear that her involvement in Pulp Fiction has gained this role and not her acting abilities. She could have been good enough in her small role in the Tarantino masterpiece, but she has no talent to lead the film on her own. It looks lost and out of place for most of the movie, and if not for her Latin accent; he will not convince the audience that he is a weirdo in every level. It is 100% proof of forgotten garbage. Such films often earn praise for inventions or black comic antics; but this does not work at all levels. Regardless of whether you're a fan of Tarantino, a fan of William Baldwin, a fan of horror movies, or just a movie lover; this is one that can not be missed.
