This is probably the most delayed 80s slasher ever made, but how can you be stern in a movie that contains endless images of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exciting bodies doing aerobic exercises, taking showers and wandering in tight outfits? "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promotional film that aims to encourage the use of steroids, silicones and other fitness products that stimulate the body. If you skip all the stuff from the hunky boys lifting weights and delicious girls twirling their butts and racks to the unbearable melodies from the 80's, you'll probably only have about 15 minutes of history. Plenty of time to improvise a conspiracy of a sadistic killer who murders young maniacs with a large safety pin (yes ???). The film begins with an unwittingly funny scene in which the girl fry between the electric tanning appliance. A few years later, people become worried in the same spa. You really do not have to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to find out that there is a link between the murders and the burning incident, right? Investigating this case is apparently a braindead policeman (and similar to Charles Napier!) And a private beef detective who is lucky with the most beautiful beauty of the 80s I have ever seen! Browsing the subtitles, her name is Dianne Copeland and she did nothing else except the turkey and imbecile film Trom called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a missed opportunity! Perhaps she was not a great actress, but she certainly had two other BIG benefits that would help her rise in show business. The amount of gore and the quality of make-up effects are nothing special. We're dealing with some bizarre cuts with a pin and some human grilled meat. At the end, the plot returns are ridiculous and predictable, but no one takes the film seriously any more. "Aerobicide" (a.k.a. "Killer Workout") is recommended in case you want to turn off all brain functions for one night, but still want to watch a movie! Actually, it would be a great double feature in "Death Spa". Both films have many sexy and barely dressed children? and both films are quite stupid.
