Seemingly, this film seems to occupy a psychological process called individuation, that is, how to become a real self, embracing the so-called "dark" side of human nature. In this way, we have Darkling, a classic shadowy devilish creature desperately seeking companionship (or recognition) of people, and history revolves around different ways of dealing with this need, more or less effectively. <br /> <br /> If we go deeper, we will find out that the movie is about how you should refer to your car, as with any other person: - in the opening scene, the main character ( a male car mechanic has fallen out of grace) collects pieces and pieces of car wrecks with his daughter when the car wreck almost breaks the girl. Lesson 1: Cars are people embodied in immortal souls, and theft from car wrecks is identical to a heavy robbery. The godless worry the dead and must be punished. - right after that another character (Rubin) buys a car wreck that intends to repair it and sell it as a once-lost famous racing car and is warned by the seller. Lesson 2: Like any other person, the car has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. What's more, Rubin sees a hidden quality in what most people consider to be rubbish, but eventually this quality turns out to be a projection of Rubin's personal greed to gain more. Lesson 3: Never treat your car as a means, but always as an end in itself. - then we have a scene in which the main character is introduced to Rubin and, more importantly, to the Rubin's car: the assessment of the car's features by the main character rests not only on its external appearance, but also on a detailed look at the engine room. Lesson 4: The car is not only to be judged by appearance, but what is inside is really important. There is a punishment for those who do not remember this lesson, as we see in the scene in which another man is trying to sell a fake collector's car to Rubin. This scene also highlights the importance of the lesson # 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the movie "car = person", and I am too tired now to bother to quote all of them, but the question remains (and I think I'm really trying to say that watching this movie is fun if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or if you're a car lover.
