Near the final stages of Baby Mama, one of the main characters describes the basic outline of everything that came before, and sums up that "it was just a mess"; I really could not say that better. And although this function has its own strange ray of hope, from time to time, the vast majority of what is present is too neutral to be considered significant and not worth enough to be worth anything. A colorless cast, a prosaic screenplay and unclear, caricature characters ensure that Baby Mama certainly does not charge tax, but it never compensates for the proposed sense of humor. Consisting mainly of very routine, banal jokes based on a strange couple (rich and poor) trying to live together as they prepare to bring a child into the world, the movie is too esoteric to deliver laughter beyond its very thin demographics. <br /> <br /> As a story about discovering love, it's not that bad, but playing this plot line as a kind of side story to work with a comic weird tangent pair, the characteristics are particularly weak, which results in a summer romance that it never breaks. Both central characters, as characters themselves, are slightly amusing when they are collected in small spaces, but when left alone, quickly unravel and uncover their emptiness; so although we can finally find the characters' interactions with each other fun, the comedy never branches off distant giggles; we do not feel the heroes and we do not consider them interesting, but rather their dynamics. Unfortunately, although this dynamics works best, or at least better than individuals, as mentioned above, it rarely goes beyond the typical limits of the strange pair formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who hired Angie's (Amy Poehler) stupid blonde class to be her unlikely surrogate, and after Angie decides to leave her hopeless husband, Carl (Dax Shepard), both of them eventually have to learn to live together, despite the obvious differences. Yes, it's the typical, odd assumption we've seen in this year's What Happens in Vegas, and what Baby Mama does not have in the movie is both chemistry between performers and semi-layered characters. Kate and Angie can never show personality beyond their two-dimensional contour, and as such both performers are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to be produced from the air. In fact, the only truly addictive game and movie character comes from the unused talents of Romany Malco, who is stunned by playing the door. Several times, when I was laughing at Baby Mama, most of these moments were caused by this man, and the rest usually fell into Shepard's hands. <br /> <br /> It is rare to find a movie that embodies his scenario motifs in the way his world is filmed and presented to us by the camera, and yet director Michael McCullers effectively passes from side to screen. However, in the case of a film about children, multi-million business and cultural stereotypes, it is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is class-A, hammy, plastic tinsel-city with a large opening topped with sugar. So not only did I feel emotionally distant from the heroes because of their two-dimensional nature, but I just did not care about the world they inhabited. Dialogue with sets, costumes and general scenario motifs are painted in pastel shades of blue and pink so much that all shades of humanity get lost in the director's constant need for his film to be like a castrated fantasy; these are not characters and this is not our world in any way? so why should I care? Ultimately, however, the final measure of the success or failure of a romantic comedy comes down to its chemistry between love interests and the frequency of her laughter; Baby Mama is not much happening in any of these departments. Of course, saying that the film has no value would be unfair. I am sure that the female audience in a similar boat as the main character of Kate may be slightly detached from the proceedings, but everyone else will probably be just numb and probably bored. In this respect, Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never persuades him that he is something extraordinary or worthy of looking to anyone outside of his direct audience; comedic misfire and romantic mismatch, Baby Mama is too light to be interesting and too shallow to be entertained. <br /> <br /> - Review of Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
