I start to think that there is a conspiracy, all right: one that covers the wallet of money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines, to ensure that this or this film, despite its ambiguity, will achieve a higher status thanks to the point of evaluation, which will mark it with "universal recognition" or something in this respect, thus ensuring that unsuspecting people (like me) will enter theaters or rent a bloodied thing, waiting for a surprise, just to find themselves Racing for bathrooms upstairs. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It certainly made me skip every published article that I came across because it's fairly clear that two things could have happened: or I did not get a message that is so hidden under the internal dimensions of the video as it is impossible to access, either they and I watched two completely different films that have the same name. 4 is a dirty trick in the audience. It is not surprising that he appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the assessment he received in Metacritic, no one heard about it. With sugar on top it is terrible. <br /> <br /> First of all, the number four is always present from beginning to end. With a bit of symbolism here and there it is fine, and it has been done with various success in many well-known films, this film nozzles. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking at the camera on a previously empty street, when suddenly the machine falls to the foreground and breaks the asphalt. Four people at the bar, although one of them is not a being. Three of them go their own ways, but nevertheless they are connected not only with themselves but with what their lives are not. Although this concept may work, the film is so meandering - especially in the history of the failed model, played by Marina Vovchenko, who enters an extremely bizarre territory, not in good form - that the initial topic gets lost sense after translating. Or maybe, as I said earlier, I just "did not understand". The problem is that so much time is devoted to the story of Marina (which revolves around her sister's death, from chewing bread, no less, and subsequent, penetrating mourning, which follows) that any interest in congenital Surrealism disperses without trace. And what if the same horrifying stories that the three strangers mentioned in the bar seem to have their own truth? The director does not devote too much time to real binding them, nor does he intertwine a tighter story that could in David Lynchian's way intersect with the past or in alternative dimensions, or even as a simple, mundane science. story. It is a hard struggle against the insurmountable wall that only a saint can survive (or someone strange because of the bizarre).
