I saw this movie at the Belgrade film festival last week and I'm still working on the trauma. Basically, my view seems to fit many others - the first half hour was fresh, hot, deep, funny and promising. He behaved well. Natural. My problem is not that the last hour and a half of the movie has nothing to do with a nice beginning, nor the fact that most of that time I spent convulsions in agony on sharp, grinding industrial sounds and squinting at drunken, toothless, chewing bread. It is rather with the fact that they NEVER DISTURCED ME !!! The festival summary brochure only described (intriguingly-sounding) the first half hour - whore, piano tuner and meat seller in the bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, a genetic engineer and a suitably small government official - not mentioning the never-ending beating of gum. I am right to say that I have not read the review, but it can be said that in my defense, many reviews that I watched after the fact did not underline the magnitude and total inadmissibility of most of the film. /> <br /> The first indication should be the words introducing the director (a shy, disheveled Russian youth), who stood in front of the crowded room (the movie seems to be doing incredibly well, and the tickets were sold out long before the screening, though most of the audience seemed the same unaware of how I was in pain that would come, judging from the many unearthly moans and moans that had completely penetrated the theater in the last half hour, and many irritated comments at the exit) to say: "Well, I ... um thank you very much for coming to this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long film ... it took me four years to do it, and ... it's ... I suggest you see it and he immediately tried to forget about it. It is very long. Thank you for coming. ' That's what he said. Alarm rings should ring. - What is he talking about? I thought with a happy confusion. "That will be cool!" Of course, before his oddly apologetic comments started to suit me, it was far too late to get out. All I could do is get involved in the growing agony until the lights come on again. In the end, I can not say that I feel improved in any way by this experience. Yes, I absolutely loved the first half hour. He was intelligent, new and had a lot to say. And yes, Russia is probably in bad shape. Yes, every society has many hidden faces. Yes, a toothless life in barren wastelands is probably unimaginably difficult. Yes Yes Yes. I get it all. Really yes. But I do not see the earthly reason why art and meaning should be so painful and so painful to bear. If you want to see a movie land somewhere between extreme fantastic Hollywood plastics and hours of a vodka drink, try the Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It's artistic and surprising, but also on time and fun.
