Who would want the sequel to the legendary bad junk movie of Bert I. Gordon "Food of the Gods"? Nobody, of course, but the director Damien Lee did not think it was a good idea, and he prepared a late sequel, which is one of the most unnecessary movies in the history of horror films. "Gnaw" is a continuation only from the name, because the setting moved to the typical location of the late 1980s (university campus), and the cheap and poor gore effects perfectly illustrate the 80's. This script combines into clichés, horribly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) classic horror movies. Neil Hamilton is a good-natured two-shoe scientist who conducts vegetation experiments on ordinary rodents to do other scientists a favor. Because of incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge and hungry rats flee and devour almost everyone on campus. According to the old tradition in which Spielberg's "Jaws" began, there is an unbearable dean who refuses to admit to this problem, despite the fact that the heavily crippled corpse is crippled everywhere. During a hysterically grotesque climax, rats attack the opening ceremony of the new campus sports complex! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad, so watching it is very pleasant! The characters do and say unimaginably stupid things (eg Descent to the channels unarmed when I KNOW he is infected with rats), the game is horrible and there is a really bizarre sequence in which the hero has sex under the influence of the growth serum! I wonder what the theory of Freud would be! Is the amount of gore and sleaze satisfying and ?? you have to say it? the music is surprisingly romantic. In case you do not have enough of this rubbish, there are many functions on mutated rats, such as the Italian movie "Rats: Night of Terror", the modest cult movie from the 70s "Willard" and his lame sequel "Ben", remake "Willard" from 2003, which featured Crispin Glover and surprisingly good recent films of rats by the once-famous directors Tibor Ticaks ("Rats") and John Lafia ("Rats"). Go Go!
