MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those films with a story that is more interesting than the film itself. It was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his training year and his first two. Here he played one of his last roles in a bad mood (although the full-length TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE was about to come), and he was one of the last times when he worked for a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with the director and star Mabel Normand almost led him to leave the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin did not get along with his earlier directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography, which must be guided only by a simple "girl", was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel were bitterly discussing the creation of this film. Chaplin was still a novice in Keystone, and his colleagues did not know what to think about him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was close to burning Chaplin when he found out that the newcomer's films were in place, and the exhibitors wanted more of them ASAP, so they promised Chaplin that he would direct the film himself, finishing the film just as Mabel wanted. br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of this drama is visible on the screen at MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like a typical Keystone chaos. The story is about the car race in which the player Mabel (Harry McCoy) is to compete, but the evil Charlie and his supporters kidnap the boy, and Mabel must take his place. At all races, brick throwing and finger games are honestly short, but there are some interesting places. There are a few good photos and editions in the race sequence, although there are not really any gags, just lots of crazy activity. Chaplin himself looks weird, has a goatee-like beard, and he's wearing a top hat and coat, which he wore in his first appearance, MAKING A LIVING, but the outfit fits the old-fashioned rascal he displays. At least this is a novelty when you watch it in such an unusual role. The stands in the stands are such stolid Keystone as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a bizarre humiliation and more characteristic Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and performing his usual mindless routine. As a performer, Sennett was more or less as subtle as the films he produced, but you must credit him: he knew what people liked. These films were very popular in their times. Mack's performance does not add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but he probably had to be on hand to make this movie to make sure his stars did not kill him.
