After reviewing the large amount of comments for this video, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction viewers. There are those who are well-read, extremely educated and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, know to what heights they can reach in the hands of a talented author. For many years science fiction plunged into the basement of literature. I believe that my biggest critic is little more than stories about rifles and aliens destined for adolescents before puberty. Today's well-read fan knows this story well and knows the great authors Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of this basement. In this way, they created thought provoking, intelligent stories that extended boundaries and redefined human condition. This well-informed fan is critical of anything Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical to themselves, but look at every offer with a skeptical eye. (As they should, because the Hollywood record was less than stellar). For those fans, the story must be of the highest importance. You can not fool them by brilliant computer graphics and non-stop action sequences. When the emperor does not have any clothes, they shout loudest. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction viewer has little knowledge about the writing aspect of the genre. (Look at many of the comments above that say, "Well, I have not read the book or anything written by this author ...) Their complete contact with science fiction comes from movies or the Scifi channel. They are extremely uncritical, ready to overlook huge role-playing holes, weak premises and thin plot lines if they receive a healthy dose of magical actions and amazing special effects that actually want to disable their critical thinking skills (or maybe never have them!) For example, the movie " I Robot "Although allegedly based on Asimov's stories and named in honor of one of his novels, it contains little of what Asimov wrote, and even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our robotic creations. (Those of you who will run out and buy it, Robot will be very surprised - this movie is not based on this story at all!) <br /> <br /> The movie has huge role-playing holes, that in some moments they are stretched to the limits credulity, I'm not feeding you with a spoon. You must practice your thinking skills and discover them for yourself. Characters whose names come from many Asimov figures do not possess the critical intelligence that was the hallmark of his story. The thread itself with all its action sequences contradicts everything that the author represented. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems with the help of minds, not fists, is crucial to understanding his vision of the future. In short, besides the name, there is not much information about Isaac in them. There will always be those who are uncritical (ie Mindless) who will say: "The film does not have to be like a book. Because of the medium, films sometimes require changes. " But what about the case where the movie never tried to be close to the book (or books) from the very beginning? And what if everything they took from a written job was a title? This begs the question: why destroy a great work by hitting its title with meaningless shit? Save money and do not buy rights to songs. Call it something else. Do not use character names. Believe me, no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it will not matter what you write with an unopened movie fan who accepts everything you throw at him. But it will upset those who read, who think, who just do not want to let them give them a nice light show. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, like most Hollywood genres, pushes science fiction back to the basement where he lived many years ago. Hollywood could not do it alone. The need for an uncritical mindless audience that accepts such a childlike deepening.
