Yes, Kazaam is one of those horribly bad films that almost resemble everything that is wrong with children's films, but with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a rapping genie - yes, RAPPING Genie - where he's doing everything from making bad puns to dressing up in funny costumes, ending up in a similar position to Christ with a lot of light around him. So, yes, expect really bad pieces, including the first wish that a lot of junk food drops from the sky (and unfortunately you will not knock out the two main heroes, especially the kid). You can not expect a movie with a child and Shaquille O'Neill to be so unbelievably schmaltzy! The main theme of the film concerns this kid, played in this too typical and irritating fashion children by the great-grandson Frank Capra (in which his kid yells angryly) who falls into the genie who was trapped in a boom-box. Then "hiarity arises" when the kid makes Shaq-genie his quasi-slave when he waits for his last two wishes when he tries to make amends to his suspect type of absent father. <br /> <br /> This really tired, invented story of a son and father would be bad enough because there are some lines that have been spoken in a million other films (ie "two chances in life" from father to son). But Shaquille O'Neill is both a reason to watch the film (ironically) and the obvious tone of it all. His plot is that when he does not get too loud Capry treatment, raps in the dialog box, and also begins a thriving recording career. He digs his ass for that and takes the names of the main bad guys who want him back in the boombox. Is there a camp factor in the film? Up to a point, but it's even squashed by all the mushy scenes and moments of "tender heart" that really have nothing to do with the rest of the material. One could ask if the people who created the movie, who apparently did it on the orders of the player's popularity in basketball, who would like to play in the Michael Jordan acting team, if he was in any place decently funny or convincing. I hope that they also knew that they were only earning money. But I still hope that they feel at least a little guilty after feeding the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want to have a fun night Shaqa as a genie-rapper - it turned out that the wise, the more amusing. Hell, it might even be an interesting night with Shaq movies with this and other critically acclaimed Steel efforts. But if you hope to keep a few brain cells, stay away from what is probably the worst hit of 1996, and a candidate among many others for the worst of the 90s.
