Reviewing KAZAMU and saying that this is a bad film is not at all difficult - after all, critics at the time they appeared, they were excited about this film - saying that it was one of the worst films of the decade! So the fact that I say it is bad or someone else claims to be angry is certainly not a surprise. It's as if someone was talking about World War II - virtually nobody says it was a good thing, right ?! The question that I have and there is no place in IMDb, can answer that "why did they do it first ?!". It's obvious to anyone who is not seriously injured that the movie would be horrible. But movies like ED (a baseball playing chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (in which there is always the popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (in which there are not even trolls), BABY GENIUSES (Einstain-like superhero babies) and PINOCCHIO IN EXTERNAL SPACE (huh!?!) Prove that any idea, no matter how stupid, can reach the big screen! So the idea of ​​the best basketball player in those days, appearing as a genius for an unbearable brat, seems almost "normal"! <br /> <br /> The film starts with a kid who is quite uneven, putting the lockers in the hallway of the school. Like the punk of FREE WILLY, this kid is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and terrible he is, at the end of the movie he will learn something and grow up. Once, I want to see such a punk kid who goes to jail or is dead at the end of the movie! Finally, while the local pursuers are in the process of beating him, the gin Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. But the kid does not believe him, and the magic of the genie seems a little rusty. <br /> <br /> Finally, the brat realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he refrains from making wishes, so in the meantime Kazaam is forced to follow him everywhere - like his personal servant. And according to the clichés, you know that at the end of the movie, Max and Kazaam will become buddies for life, and a few tears will be shed. Oh, and Max will reconcile with his absent father and fiancée's mum (I'm going to gag). Apparently this gin is a bit of a social worker, except that he meets the boundaries of wishes. <br /> <br /> When it comes to Kazaam, Shaquille is saying a rhyme for most of the movie, and even taking a break for rap ... very badly. I am a white middle-aged guy and I think I might as well rush! He is an amazing basketball player and I heard that he is a nice guy - but rapper ... no way! As for his acting, he was not great, but he had such a cool personality in the movie that it was hard to hate him - even if they made him do a lot of stupid things. <br /> <br /> Is the movie so horribly horrible as you probably heard? for the first two thirds of the movie I would say no. Shaquille seemed to be doing his best with an unbelievable child and a bad script. However, later in the film, evil becomes terrible - because Kazaam seems too busy with himself to help the child when he is really needed. And from nowhere the conspiracy becomes really, very strange - as a guy who wants to do Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turns out to be a bad gangster! And, oddly enough, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genie without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the movie consists of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know the kid was annoying, but it's supposed to be a movie for children !! What part of the "attempt to kill the kid" did not understand? Then, in the end, which makes it probably the worst movie for children ending in history, Kazaam becomes a god or something and all this was like drug-induced hallucination! This ending was even stupid and more bizarre than it was in THE BLACK HOLE ... and boy, did it make my brain hurt? Uggghh - horrible dialogue was too big to bear !!! <br /> <br /> In general, this is a horrible movie that mainly owes to writers who were confident. Yes, people, with a confused message, bizarre, unfriendly children material and horrible characters, this is one unfortunate movie. Unfortunately, considering the idea and the actors, it's hard to imagine that the final product turns out to be much worse! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see Genie in the modern world of the movie, which is GOOD, try the British have made a TV movie "Bernard and the Genie" - a charming and exceptionally well-written movie from beginning to end.
