This 1996 movie was the first Jane Eyre adaptation I ever watched and when I did, I was terrified. So many novels have been omitted and I found William Hurt to be terribly ill-treated as Rochester. Since then, I have watched all the other notable adaptations of the novel, three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and three mini-series '73, '83 and 2006 and I noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is without a doubt the greatest adaptation of Jane Eyre in terms of cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli enjoys beautiful long shots of snow falling from the winter sky, lonely Rochester standing on the rock and Jane looking out the window - but it is less good in telling stories and bringing heroes to life. In addition, his script only outlines the surface of the novel, omitting many important scenes. Consequently, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately does not include the humorous side of their relationship. There are many short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of them beautifully displayed, but a few exchanged phrases are not enough to show the audience that they are attracted to each other. We know they should fall in love, but we never see it happen. The scene in which Rochester wants to know what Jane's reaction to his dilemma is, presenting her hypothetical figure after the wounded Mason left home, is completely missing, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the culmination - the novel has been reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli did not make a mistake other scriptwriters made, replacing his poor writing with the brilliant lines of Brontë. None of the key scenes have been completely changed and rewritten, but he is doing less offensive, but in the end, a similar big mistake just leaving many important scenes. All that remains is to look at the novel that does not do justice to the masterpiece of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mixed bag: while Fiona Shaw is a great lady Reed, young Jane Anna Paquin is more ill-mannered, sulking Lolita than a lonely girl, longing for love. Always honest Joan Plowright is a very nice but too cunning Mrs. Fairfaix, and you can not resist the impression that Billie Whitelaw is going to play the village witch, instead of the usual, hard-working Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as an adult heroine, however, is the perfect choice for playing Jane Eyre. Looking 18 years old, thin and frail, with irregular, strong features, it is closer to my inner vision of Jane than any other actress in this role. During the first 15 minutes of her time, I was charmed by her performance. Gainsbourgh is doing well, allowing the audience to guess the inner fire and the strong will behind the stoic mask. Unfortunately, the scenario never lets her continue to develop the more exciting and lively side of Jane's character. As a result of the omission of so many scenes and the shortening of so many dialogues, the portrait of Jane Gainsbourgh must necessarily remain incomplete and thus ultimately unsatisfactory. It's a pity, because thanks to a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could be just as good Jane as Zelah Clarke in '83. <br /> <br /> But while it's still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there is no sign of Rochester in the form William Hurt presents. Hurt, who proved to be a great actor in many good movies, had to be aware that he was physically and typically so ill-received that he did not even try to play the novel in Rochester. His Rochester, in addition to being blond and blue-eyed, is a gentle, well-nurtured nobleman, timid and quiet, somewhat strange and eccentric, but essentially good-natured and gentle. It is so far from being annoying, moody and gloomy that the lines referring to these features of his characters sound absolutely ridiculous. Additionally, in many moments of the film, Hurt's expression leaves the question whether he fights with acute coma attacks. Particularly on the stage of the proposal, it distorts itself as a patient gathering from general anesthesia and is unable to keep his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester to the willpower and charming heroine of the novel, simply bursting with energy and temperament, no wonder that many viewers are disappointed with the performance of Hurt. Still, it offends me less than Rochesters in '70, '97 and 2006, and I generally rate this Jane Eyre higher than the three others. Hurt apparently tried to recognize that he could not be a Rochem novel and that's why he did not try to do it, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but he failed, and I would rather watch a character other than Rochester than Rochester which is badly played. And I would prefer to watch Jane Eyre, who skips many lines of the novel, but does not invent new ones, than the version that uses modernized dialogues that sound as if they could be spoken by today's pair at Starbucks. Of course, this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it is harmless, what can be said about adaptations from '97 and 2006. That's why I would not want to disturb anyone watching this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a beautifully made movie.
