Did anyone who made this film, especially a director, think about the logic of the story? These are not mere conspiracies, but a conspiracy of graves that get deeper when we lose compassion for the main character and his difficult situation. That is, if you are kind enough that the viewer can valiantly ignore the fact that most of the movie characters are either servants of the tomb plot, or boring and dissimilar. Or, in the case of the heroes of Downey and Hanna, apparently unnecessary. Reflecting on the reason for the significant time in Downey's film, I decided that the director liked his character and unnecessarily increased his time on the screen (unlikely, because the director did not change anything else in the script) and that his character will be sacrificed on the altar evil plot. I will leave you to guess who it will be. <br /> <br /> I had to check the DVD cover to confirm that it really was done by reliable talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman would take on this job. Certainly has some power to choose and choose. Actually, I can not understand why anyone would take this scenario, with the exception of the first director seeking experience. <br /> <br /> I suppose Robert Downey Jr. he needed money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try the southern accent. I suppose Robert Duvall received only a few pages of the script and thought that the role in isolation sounds intriguing. These are the only motivations I see that would force good actors to take over roles in this film. As for Robert Altman, a lot of effort was put into making the film look fantastic. I noticed that I noticed how he set such and such a scene, or I used a bright orange swimming vest in a different scene to draw eye movements, or applied a beautiful filter to create a certain mood. Usually, I do not see such things in movies, because most of the films I try to watch until the end engage me because of good story telling and interesting characters with understandable motives. I watched it to the end only because an absurd element of optimism itself looked at this DVD cover and I was convinced that because of the talent involved, there had to be some redemption factor in this film. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's not why I watch movies.
