... and by the way, you can look at this statement in various ways. First of all, it is a mess because of all gruesome and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination is not even close to some of the scenes clearly shown here. All parts of this movie are simply sick, disgusting, offensive, violent and bring you closer to vomiting. Now I love horror movies and I'm very "pro-violence", but I think it has to lead somewhere! Is this too much? Cradle of Fear is a series of completely sick and twisted thoughts. The "film" contains four separate chapters connected with a broad history. This results in an endless display of torture, murder and disease just to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative if you ask me. And yet - it must be said - the basic idea of ​​the story certainly has potential. It is a cannibalistic hypnotist who has contracted with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause misfortune and death to all who have been involved in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting topic, so they should focus on it more, instead of creating the most disgusting movie in history. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the whole production of this movie was a mess. They did not have much budget and spent it all on fake blood and tripe ... Lots of it !! The acting performances are a joke, and some of the worst I have ever seen. All other special effects except make-up look very amateur (like for example a realistic car accident). There is no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... even an attempt to build one. <br /> <br /> Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say at least. Thanks to the presence of the death metal icon by Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of filth..get the link?) This movie is of course only intended for the eyes of twisted teens who are trying to be controversial. Worried girls and boys who are happy to worry their parents watching such nonsense. And then people complain that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can do a lot of damage when it's easy to influence you or get rid of an unstable mind. For every self-respecting fan of horror, this movie is an insult.
