I have read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so my expectations have always been crushed. But they have been crushed more than you would expect. A movie would be a decent movie if I had not read a novel before, which may have ruined it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason, they changed the labor camp in Toulon to a ship full of kitchen slaves. The scene at Bishop Myriel was fine. In fact, outside the galleries, everything survived until Fantine's appeal. Because we do not want a good woman to meet bad things, she does not cut her hair, sell her teeth or become a prostitute. The worst thing he does is go into the mayor's office and spit on his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Because you should not talk about illegitimate children, Tholomyes is Fantine's dead husband, not an irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to get Cosette for Fantine before the Champmathieu case, so they happily combine, another change. Then comes the monastery, which is quite a difficult scene to spoil. Fortunately, it has been saved. After these three minutes of accuracy, the film begins to run towards the classic fictional massacre again. <br /> <br /> When Cosette and Valjean are going through the park, they meet Mariusz making a speech at the meeting. On the prison reform. When he gives out leaflets to Valjean and Cosette, he says one line in a movie that screamed at the television. "We are not revolutionaries." I heard Victor Hugo throw himself on the grave. THE COURSE ARE REVOLUTIONARY! They want to rebel against the pseudo-monarchy, which is in place for another republic, stupid screenwriters! It is a historic FACT that in 1832 there was an uprising against the government. <br /> <br /> At some point, Cosette gives Marius a donation from his father for the reform movement and meets Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. At least not Eponine from the book. This Eponine seems to be a wealthy secretary working for prison reformers (who work at Cafe Universal as opposed to Cafe Musain). Not to mention the fact that the audience no longer likes her thanks to her non-periodic, low-cut, tight dress and her snobbish manners. <br /> <br /> The prison reformers (led by the least-occupied Enjolras I've ever seen) decide that giving out brochures is not good enough anymore. So they will build barricades. I do not know about you, but I have never heard of reform movements that break down streets and build barricades and attack government departments. About three hundred people (there should not be so many of them) started attacking the National Guard and building barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is quite accurate, except that Javert's suicide again seems difficult to understand due to his small time on the screen and the interpretation of strange characters. The film ends with watching by Valjean Javert jumping into the river. This is again inaccurate, because Valjean would never let Javert drown. He saved his life earlier, why would he let him die now? Then there is the entire skipping of Valjean's confession to Mariusz, his corruption and his redemption on his deathbed with Marius and Cosette at his side. <br /> <br /> Generally, I can blame the script mainly for problems. Although I am glad that Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the film, they were badly misinterpreted, as did the entire barricade scene. Eliminating Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her. This Cosette knows that Valjean's past goes well from the very beginning. I did not even see Thenardier and Mme. Thenardier only had a few seconds on the screen. Same with Gavroche. I really liked the interpretation of Valjean by Frederich March, which was one of the redemptive features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, despite all his great play in other movies, seems to have failed to achieve this with Javert. The lip trembles, unnecessary screams, and his acting was just very bad at all. He too, like many Javerts I have seen, did not appear to be scary, something required from a character. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie would probably feel a lot better if I did not read the book. I would not recommend it, however, to book purists. I would also say that the film would be a good adaptation for this time, if not so infamously accurate French version had come out a year earlier.
