When I tell people that I watch movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think about this and such a movie?" There are a few problems here. First of all, there is a probable chance that I have not seen him, and that's why I'm destroying my reputation. Secondly, I was able to throw this movie without realizing that it is his favorite. Finally, I can get a DVD to watch so that they can rate my opinion. So, I'm sitting in front of "The Convent", which is a kind of movie that I would completely ignore with choice, but I could not avoid it. More pity, because this terrible horror is just as terrifying as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> After the damaged film, "The Convent" focuses on a group of American high school students during a trip to an abandoned monastery on a mission to be stoned, laid and slightly frightened. But you'll never guess what will happen next? A group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerge from the spider webs that tear children out of the tradition of the classic horror. Will any of them survive, and more importantly, do you have nothing to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves "The Convent" from a total waste of time is the fact that no one really takes it seriously except the bizarre scene of Coolio as a hyperactive policeman with a itchy trigger finger. It's too hilarious to be terrifying enough - a zombie cheerleader who for no reason makes squirrels, a daily painting of tasks that comes up when you become a zombie - but what really kills you as a horror movie is that you can jump out of the blue and he will be murdered. But even if they tried, I still doubt it would work - demonic nuns wearing makeup that you can see on the television program "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" are not so scary. The most terrible thing in this film is that more than 10% of voters have awarded the maximum result. I mean, I know it's funny, but I hardly split my sides. Honestly, I had more fun at the dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie. It's more of a comedy horror like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead", but you laugh at it instead of with it. I can honestly not recommend this to anyone except the cast and crew, but even then I doubt that they would like it. I do not like the genre "so bad that it is good" - I personally think that if the filmmakers can not save the turkey, I should not break down the intestines, trying to watch it. Yes, it's a bad movie, and yes, they really should have come home and done something more constructive. For example, a Rubik's cube. The DVD box has two price labels - one for GBP 4.99 and a reduced price of GBP 3. But he was sold for 1 pound and that should tell you everything you need to know about this bustle, cheaper, incredibly bad game. I'm sorry if you like it, but "The Convent" really is a pile of godless nonsense.
