I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays the main role in this movie, Marvin Mange). He said in that he would like to emphasize the physical comedy so much that even if the volume was turned off, you would laugh in this movie. Of course, this must be a secret. I raised the volume. Actually, I listened and thought it was a disaster, and quite unpleasantly - a big disappointment after Schneider's fun performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo". <br /> <br /> Story is stupid: Mange is the main loser who dreams of becoming a policeman who, after a car accident, was filled with a bunch of animal transplants by a mad scientist named Dr Wilder (Michael Caton) and as a result he starts lose control over your "animal instincts. "That makes him a" supercop. " He can sense the drugs hidden in the body cavities and outrun horses. Of course, it also has a nasty habit of eating human cows and trying to seduce goats, but it is certainly a small price to pay? He just did not do anything for me. <br /> <br /> The cast left a lot to be desired. Is there a more annoying actor in Hollywood than John McGinley? Here the game Sgt. Sisk, commander of the police in Mange, as a hideously caricatural figure (just like his doctor in the inexplicably popular television series "Scrubs"). I wanted to take a look at Colleen Haskell's first "serious" acting (or whatever in the film could be called "serious"?) She, of course, became famous as the first Survivor and proved what she knew: she is lovely as a button. He does not prove here that he has perceptible acting talent. And what about Ed Asner as the police chief Wilson. I mean, how old is this guy now? It is the size of a cow that Mange tried to eat, and seemed breathless all the way. I am surprised that he managed to do it. At the end there is a short episode by Adam Sandler (who was also the executive producer of this film). <br /> <br /> In any case, I chuckled twice: Mange toyed with squeaky toys in a patrol car, and Schneider's scene with Haskell and the orangutan - the orangutan has more acting talent! So for two giggles - 2/10.
