Gloomy. Schlocky. Just horrible and terrible. Let's be honest, when you sit down to see something called The Double-D Avenger, you do not expect a great art or even a mainstream. You're probably expecting the iconic movie type and maybe you're looking at the impressive busts. There is none of these things in the film. History, as it is compatible with most of these types, is ridiculous: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, learns that he has breast cancer, flies to South America for a fruit that claims to be a panacea for all human diseases, give skills, come back and they fight, dressed up as Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club who wants to win the competition. When told stories, I saw a lot worse, but as another reviewer pointed out, the execution is terrifying. In the action sequences, there is a lack of zip, drive, motivation and fine tissue. Acting is not even campy, and dialogue is pits. Nothing, and I mean, that NOTHING is not funny from shouting screams to heavy boob references. Everyone could be forgiven if the girls could compensate for it, but all fell. Kittens, Haji and Raven de la Croix are quite older (still beautiful in their own way), but they do not reveal anything and become the antithesis of what they try to be: older, caricatures of their old selves. Instead, they look so poor and desperate - more because of the vehicle in which they "play" rather than their own skills. There are other lovely ladies, but you do not really see anything. PG-13 can definitely be an appropriate assessment. The material, the actress and the director are tired, tiring and outdated - and again - NOT FUNNY! It was a brutal hour and sitting through it, which is a pity, because I expected something funny and fun. By the way, the guy who played Bubba was the only real laugh for me. Not that he would be good to you at all, but every time he opened his mouth, I still thought how horrible it really was. The only bright spot in this place is Mr. Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, who plays the curator of the wax museum and talks with his wax Frankenstein, affectionately named Frankie. Besides, it is a complete bust - now it is with another tired, horrible, banal pun!
