Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me great hopes. It looked like I was in a cheaper version of Mumia. The installation was promising, in the 1920s Cecil B. Demille creates his Ten Commandments. It seems that using real Egyptian artifacts on the set, they released an ancient and terrible evil (not always?). Realizing what has been released, DeMille orders the whole set buried instead of the usual practice of tearing it. I hope that evil will be buried with him forever. Then we go to the present day, in which the band tries to dig up the site (the first error of the movie, but hey, these period costumes are expensive and this is a movie with the Sci-Fi channel). The first observations of the monster Anubis are well done and this is a costume in which they put in a little effort, not the usual tacky CG effect. Then the body starts to count. It was a movie for me south. Reactions that make people die in a gruesome and bizarre manner produce a strangely subdued reaction. When they realize that the ancient evil has been unleashed again and is on a deadly madness, what does the wrestling issue of a man and a woman do? They usually stop at "a guy who knows the truth, but he did not tell anyone." After they have obtained this important information, do they share it with their comrades at the excavation site? No, they stop at the hotel for a refreshing shower and pleasant conversation. I really am not the most motivated person, but if I knew that a demon from ancient Egypt was at large and killed everyone in sight and would like to pursue me, I would put some effort into solving this problem. After this long and aimless middle part, they succeed in destroying the monster Anubis in the usual way, racing in the dunes and shooting from the rocket launcher as he stands by the pile of phosphate grenades. For the Sci-Fi movie it was over the ordinary shit they released, which is not saying at all. What disappoints me would be much more if someone wrote a decent script for it.
