I watched it a few days ago, so the details become foggy. The film is shot in handheld cameras and much of it was done when it was originally released, because we did not have many studio shots taken in this way. I can not resist the impression that it is more of a trick than anything else, designed to make the audience think that what we see on the screen did not contain all the compromises that have a big budget, so it was more "real" "" But what we have here is not much more than the not-too-good tear of the first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who has seen it, or any of the others, will know what I'm expecting. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was stereotypical figures, with greedy soft children in depth, singing harmony, Eboniki gushing black dudes, weary sergeants, bitter and twisted psychoses, etc. all are put in such situations that provide the greatest friction and tension at any given time. Perhaps it was intended to emphasize the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee trying to appeal to the largest audience, everything I know was annoying. One of the innovative things was a mix of volunteers and drafts (where normally all characters would be forced to occur), although only scenes between the two main characters really play. This seems to be the main axis of the story: volunteers come to their senses, and the designers gain a sense of duty and self-worth, but all this takes place in a rather forced and inefficient way. Another great mistake I had was how all the characters (except for the psyche and real softs) would react to any inevitable conflict with the first aggression and threats of violence, in the face of Farrell's ubiquitous stoicism, immediately back and everyone was sensible and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I think if I had to find a plus, it would be an act of two leads, which was strong and very convincing, considering the character formula of the heroes, it was not too difficult. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew out of the Tour of Duty on Zeke, and for my money, 4 episodes would be more enjoyable to watch.
