I am a film student and I have been for several years. And the concept of a cybernetic, kung fu, satirical chimpanzee wondered, "Is this a movie that will break the form?" Let's face it, America has never been disappointed by any piece of cinema that has a monkey costar. After such great classics as "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In" I thought that the best ideas had already been taken. But then "Funky Monkey" comes. I was laughing, I was crying, I was considering suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I read about demon possession in the Bible, but it still does not explain why someone would create such a product of evil. First, having at least a bit of intelligence, I realized that the chimp was in fact a monkey, not a monkey. I was sure, however, that the filmmakers would remove the problem further in the film. They did not do it. Let's summarize this work of art: a company called Z.I.T. he decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mention something about bananas, but when one chimpanzee training would cost about $ 13 million in government money, it does not seem to be worth it. Well, Z.I.T. introduces a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) for the training of Clemens (Chimpanzee). Clemens is everything Z.I.T. he hoped for. He can remove the whole change of guards who seem to acquire training skills at a local mall, and yet they still remind us that we are watching a movie for children. As you probably guessed, Modine learns that the intentions of Z.I.T. they may be bad (Gasp!) and decides to throw away Clemens. As a CIA agent and all, Modine knows that the best way to disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, regularly perform on television while fighting crime and use checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine is staying and sends the two best ones to get him back. These guards are probably the biggest comedy band since Martin and Lewis, or Turner and Hooch? Anyway, it does not matter, because in the end, at the end of the twisting end, good guys win !!! Yes! Applause for predictability! Throw in the nerd kid who learns to be himself, a single mom who needs a date, and musical assemblies that contain songs that would even be blackballed by Disney Radio and you will get a "Funky Monkey". The climax of the movie? Playing football! Bandits, a bumblebee, a chimpanzee and a fool are playing. It seems that nobody cares about such changes in the school football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never gives up! It's the edge of entertainment for your place. Some may even call it the "American beauty" of the full-function monkeys. After finishing this epic, I remembered the story of a railway worker who lost most of his brain when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal rod among movies.
