* Warning - there is no role film in front of you, but still film spoilers ... * My significant other hired this for me, thinking that it will be a great affair with the star cast. Wow - very, very bad. This film is an exaggerated, exaggerated and overly sentimental excuse to theatrically publish a student film 15 years after it was shot! The date of copyright on the box says about 2005, However, during the first flashback sequence I watched clothes and hairstyles that were supposed to be in the early 1960s, and I noticed that the girls especially wore dresses and hairstyles from the late 80's / early 90's ies. It looked like it was filmed a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to make it a flashback, so it looked like it was old, but it looked like WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY More 80s than 60s or even 21st century trying to be 60 years old ... then an adult collaborator of the main character looks like a boy described in sequences flashback (but it is a different, much older character whose youth appears in flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw in the special features of this short film - these were all flashback sequences shot in 1990 as a complete student film with the same title as this movie! It also includes a commentary that includes an adult boy (and also a co-worker in the 2005 scenes). In this way, this film is simply a crust that entwines an old, re-made student film made an obvious excuse to bring it to the theater. The story of a shell, shot in 2005, It mainly concerns a man who lost his wife and finds healing and redemption at a dance lesson, which he promises to the dying on whom he will participate (something about the promise made by a dying man in the early 1960s for his girls who met "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to make episodes around the old movie in 2005?" These new scenes and plot could be OK, except for the horrible, exaggerated sentimental score that repeats the commercial on almost every a new scene and cliché action that permeates a new movie Do not worry, there's a reason you've never heard of this movie, although it has a well-known cast - it's horrible.
