And I repeat, please, do not watch this movie! It's more than a review. This is a warning. This sets a record for the worst, easiest comedy to perform. At least in most modern comedies, the gags are primitive and flat, but writers and directors put at least some effort into making them laughable. I never tire of repeating one of my favorite slogans: everyone thinks they can do comedies, and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is difficult! This is not a species with which any fool can play. I think it's horrible that the filmmakers compare this piece of rubbish to "Kentucky Fried Movie." Essentially, these gods compare their so-called comic talents with the talents of the brilliant Jim Abraham and the Zucker brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie." Here is an example of a comedy for those who are curious about this movie: One sketch is about a superhero dressed like a penis named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies, gushing them with his seed. this is it! It's a joke. Wow. It's enough for Carrot Top to roll his eyes. Another sketch assumes that a man has sex with a dead person in a porn movie. In another sketch is a beauty contest for women's handbag, in which we are exposed to terrible views of bikini-clad middle-aged women with guts and stretch marks. Plus, making fun of the homeless is more sad than funny. This is a step away from mocking mentally handicapped people. The whole movie is to be satire. I think the filmmakers have forgotten that the key element of satire ... is TRUTH !!! For anyone who really liked this shit, explain to me what is true in ANY of these gags! Some of the sketches could have been fun on paper, but anyone who did some writing lessons on the screen knows that if the gag sounds too funny on paper, it probably will not be fun on the screen. If I tell someone about a large, black, muscular virgin virgin who will be saved from the right man, she would probably laugh. But watching the premise on the screen for about 10 minutes is total resistance. I hate that every time people criticize such a low-brow comedy that they are not funny, they are considered deadlocked squares. I recently saw "White Chicks". This is another low, politically incorrect comedy, but I laughed. The most offensive in the movie "The Underground Comedy Movie" is not funny! Writers and directors do not understand that being dirty and tasteless does not work. There must be more! Just think about the famous scene from the movie "There Something About Mary" (ironically, it's enough that the filmmakers of Bozo put Farrellys on the list of special thanks). The joke about the semen was not just funny, because it included body fluids. There has been an accumulation. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom to make sure he was not dating a "loaded gun". Then he looked around and saw where the seed came out after being released. A knock on the door and he must answer. His date, Mary, is at the door and it turned out that the semen hangs from Ben's ear. In this movie there are many gags in which the heroes crowd a lot of sperm in humans, without any accumulations. As Jay Leno says: "This comedy is not so easy, right?" Remember this, Vince Offer, because you have not been cut in this genre !! The only reason people can laugh at these gags is because they want to feel the hip. Let's face it, today is fun to laugh at something politically incorrect. I know that the comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny to anyone, except maybe the filmmakers themselves. By the way, the film had to be made before the renown of Michael Clarke Duncan in films such as "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile." There can be no other reason why the actor of his caliber would agree to take part in this amateur show of eccentricity. Everyone else in the cast were non-actors, former actors or movie stars. B. Karen Black made a good impression in "Five Easy Songs", but I do not think she has done anything valuable since then. Slash was probably attacked in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without Baywatch. Angelyne is the biggest movie star (remembering that Duncan was not famous then), and there are probably a lot of people who have not heard about her - not without reason. I usually support extremely cheap budgets, but this one deserves to be forgotten. I hope this will not become an iconic classic! Should there not be a law against such shit?
