David Mackenzie's pursuit of the genius young Adam wants to be a good, underestimated story of a lonely voyeur who tries to face psycho-sexual affairs with his dead mother. He wants to be rough, realistic and mysterious. At the same time he wants to be funny and not judge his disrupted advantage because he establishes himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To fulfill this goal, the film tries to be young. His poster has hand-drawn letters that look like the letters Juno. His original soundtrack is made up of fast indie rock that tries to convince the audience that Hallam is alright; just a little bad. But, oddly enough, the movie is not youthful. <br /> <br /> Like young Adam, the main secret of this film is about a drowned woman - in this case, Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps his mystery in silence, contemplation and walking well enough to hit you with the truths that are coming. Hallam Foe does the opposite. He precedes the psychosis of his character so clearly and so early that he never does anything but the expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his treehouse, watching his sister fool around with her boyfriend. Hallam quickly interrupts, confirming his presence at home. Here we see everything Hallam does for the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> The secret surrounding his mother is whether it was suicide or murder on the part of his father's girlfriend. The audience can never really trust Hallam, because besides being scary, we think his obsession has driven him crazy. It made the mysterious element difficult because Hallam is too sporadic to be relative. Just when he found a few tips to support his claim, he would run away from home, at first he seemed to be looking for the police. Then he is pushed aside by the girl who reminds his mother, which frustrates history away from the mysterious element. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell extracts very endearing features in his lost form, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This film is not mysterious in any way, but it is not blunt either. He tries to be realistic in dealing with such problems, but he adds a very self-aware courage that registers itself as the opposite. It's about the heavy Trainspotting soundtrack to help the audience take root in a hero who scales buildings, chooses castles and camps for peeping. These adventures of urban voyage, in which Hallam is involved, are too difficult for the boy from the country involved in it to be involved and are not sexy, scattering or nice. They are more neutral than anything else; it does not drive a character or a story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallam, but does not build a common ground. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy Hallam's trials and sufferings without much ideological justification. The film depends on the perspective of the viewer on the subject of voyeurism / the type of person who deals with it. Of course, most people would be disgusted with it. And Hallam Foe is aware of this, but he does not let us see how Hallam weighs the morality of his decisions. It moves from person to person, trying to fill his deep emptiness. There is a particularly disturbing issue related to Hallam's love interest, Kate, who drinks, saying "I love terrifying boys", perhaps asking the audience to do the same. The line tries to announce her understanding (her motivation remains unclear) and tries to judge us. Hallam is not difficult to like, but it is very difficult to participate in his adventure - if it is an adventure at all. Throughout the time the movie tries to use its extravagant soundtrack to mask the undecided mood. <br /> <br /> The big performances are loaded with a film with a weak third act, muddy development and unnecessarily ambiguous direction from Mackenzie. Recently, this film was renamed the American publishing house and for what reason? Not only is this more unattractive, but the difficult truth is that Hallam never gets the title 'master'.
