Once again, I saw a movie created by people who know nothing. I recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. I saw Dillinger now and I had him. <br /> <br /> This movie is rubbish. I do not know how any of their common sense could compare it to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This film is far from classic. Somebody called it a genius. This is a crazy thing to say. This film can not straighten out any facts and has the worst casting I've ever seen. I do not know whose stupid idea it was to plant Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all, it does not look like him. Second, before John Dillinger was killed, he was 31 years old. When Oates did it, he was 45 years old! You can even say he's older than the real Dillinger, just looking at him. Not only was he too old, but also Ben Johnson as Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show the death of Baby Face Nelson, then Homer Van Meter, and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed against both. The last one who died from the three was Baby Face Nelson. Writers not only do not know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping from the Little Czech in robe. Homer Van Meter was not killed by farmers with a firearm. Homer Van Meter was ambushed by the police in St. Paul and shot with machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger gang, Harry Pierpont, is shown by the police in this film. Pierpont has not been shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to death on an electric chair. I go into what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my Baby Face Nelson review, so I'm not going to do it anymore. I will add that the portrait of Richard Dreyfuss "Baby Face Nelson" is pathetic. There is a scene in which he attacks Dillinger and then gets a bad beat. While Dillinger beat him, he cried like a child and shouted: "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger have never fought. Perhaps Dillinger disagreed with the methods of robbing Nelson's bank, but never fought. Nelson also never cried like a little girl during the beating. They are still called by Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known in his life under this name. Nelson's real name is Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black guy who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he's known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell did John Milius receive information? I could probably make a better movie than he did. <br /> <br /> In the end, the way they showed John Dillinger is outrageous and unforgivable. The film shows Dillinger coming out of Biograph with Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette was not even that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis screams: "Johnny!" Dillinger pulls out his weapon and is thrown into hell. It's a proven fact that Dillinger did not have a gun that night. The FBI did not give him a chance to surrender, and as soon as he was in sight, they blew him out. They did not even have to shoot him. They were so close that gunpowder burns were found on his face. It was a murder. They also say that the man killed that night was not John Dillinger. After killing tons of civilians in the incident in Little Czech, can you imagine that the FBI reported that they just killed another innocent unarmed man? It turned out that the weapons they had on the display, supposedly on Dillinger, were produced only after Dillinger's death. I could go on about how the killed man was not John Dillinger, but I will stop here. If you want to know more, check out here. <br /> <br /> See the version of Dillinger with Lawrence Tierney, if you like, but do not waste time on this inaccurate piece of junk movie.
