Anyone who visited the drive-in in the 1950s, 60s and 70s had to see a movie or two films from American International Pictures, a distributor reminiscent of the gigantic Cannon Films from the 80s. Wherever the viewers were at risk, AIP would be able to provide the latest en vogue titles - in the 1950s, horror movies like "Voodoo Woman" and "The Undead" appeared; in the 1960s, they were comedies on the beach of Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello and motorcycle films like "The Glory Stompers"; and in the 1970s AIP threw garbage from the grindhouse level, such as "Cannibal Girls" and "Sugar Hill". <br /> <br /> "Dillinger", released in 1973, is one of the more "high" AIP efforts that capture the true spirit of making movies; it is one of those uneven, exaggerated films that have satisfied the thirst of entertainment, craft and common sense. In general, "Dillinger" is typical of its era: entertaining and worth a few hours, but certainly not memorable. Heavy in action and short in both acting and historical facts, "Dillinger" was an honest effort by the writer and director John Millenium ("Magnum Force"), but certainly left room for improvement in his broad career. The 109-minute "Dillinger" - epic for the AIP range - follows the search for the FBI chief Midwest Melvin Purvis, played by Academy Award winner Ben Johnson. Purvis was an investigator who sought revenge for four FBI agents killed in the Kansas City ambush in 1933, who helped gangster Frank Nash escape justice. For the most part, these were the people who allegedly plotted the outburst, including banking expert John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly) and psychopath Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Dillinger eventually joined forces with Floyd and Nelson, taking with him Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also associated with Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a prostitute of French and Indian extraction. The "Dillinger", which lasted several months in 1933-4, is basically a pursuit movie, whose Purvis surroundings want to float and kill men sought by J. Edgar Hoover. <br /> <br /> "Dillinger" has a sense of document, lists dates and places, while Johnson provides a loose narrative as Purvis. Milius maintains the honest Depression, using authentic fashion, cars, weapons and buildings; it also sprinkles black and white photography and film material from gangster shootings. The film is never boring, it moves at a fast, though random pace. Action scenes are a strong point of Dillinger, competently edited by Fred Feitshans Jr in his last professional effort. Thousands of empty rounds of ammunition had to be used to make this movie, let alone kilos of explosives. This film is certainly not meant for people who are squeaking because people are shot and dead dead everywhere. Violence, though unjustified, brings some understanding of the chaos that organized crime has abandoned in American life. <br /> <br /> This film, however, never goes beyond its exploitation status because there is no writing necessary. John Milius, slightly overrated as a filmmaker, puts too much emphasis on action. Action scenes (mainly blood-filled shootings) are impressive and comparable to any major crime film of the time, including the 1967 "Bonnie and Clyde". But we just do not know much about Dillinger and his gang members as people; the relationship between Dillinger and Frechette is very difficult, and the couple meet in a bar in one scene, and after ten minutes like a studio. Melvin Purvis also seems to be entering and leaving the storyline, becoming an outstanding figure only when Milius has to stop the movie from unraveling. Too often the film takes on a shoot-'up-up personality when its characters could be examined in detail. <br /> <br /> In addition, the main crime of the image is the ignorance of historical fact. While many say that "Dillinger" is just a movie, then movies like this create fairy tales and make them permanent. Those who know the history of the gangster will note that John Dillinger was not the last of his rings who died because the Milius script and the documentary style of the film encourage us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; he was also told that he did not carry a weapon on the night of his death, nor did he pull out Billie Frechette. Although these inaccuracies may contribute to the drama, there is no reason why Milius could not stay with the facts and write a wonderful story around them. <br /> <br /> Warren Oates' performance as Dillinger is pretty good, although sometimes it looks unconvincing. Oates is humorous and shows how Dillinger was absorbed in his life image in the American press; however, we never feel the threat that caused in your life. Ben Johnson gives life to Purvis, polite but rather flat. Michelle Phillips brings excitement to Billie Frechette and it's really a pity that Milius' script did not strengthen her relationship with Dillinger. We never find out what attracted her to a cold-blooded killer, other than the stereotype of an easy girl who draws men out of danger. Supporting roles from Kanaly, Dreyfussem, Stanton, Lewis and shortly appearing Claris Leachman are acceptable for such talents. <br /> <br /> As part of exploitation in the 1970s, "Dillinger" seems doomed to the sale of retail baskets, that's where I chose the MGM DVD edition for 4.99 USD. The film is nicely presented on a wide screen (mandatory for drive-in movies) with subtitles in French and Spanish. Dillinger's theater trailer is supplied as the only accessory. The film, largely forgotten, except for gangster fans and car enthusiasts, does not require too much other complementary material. It's definitely worth checking out for fans of this genre. <br /> <br /> ** for 4 <br /> <br /> Roving Reviewer - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
