First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" in the video field, you know what you're dealing with. B movie mania! If you really expect to see the thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe", forget about it and go straight to the excellent series of films by Poe Roger Corman from the 60s. It is pure, uncontaminated shame (just an attempt to go through a story similar to "Premature burial"), with lots of sex and nude rated by R., but ready to record. However, it is certainly fun and fun in its own way ... <br /> < br /> Brinke (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays a rich, traumatic housekeeper Victoria Monroe, whose fear of premature burial arises from her belief that the same fate met her father (Hoke Howell). Her worthless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) made serious gambling debt (due to the gangster played by Robert Quarry) and, with the help of his kinky blonde, European accented secretary, Lisa (Delia Sheppard), plot to get rid of Shit for her money . Karen Black, the actress with names, briefly wore a blonde wig as a hypnotist (she is too talented to play such an insignificant role), sci-fi / horror of the 50s. Robert Clarke plays doctor and family friend, and Michael Berryman shows to a decent sequence of nightmares carrying out a section on still-living Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent sits mainly in front of his house in his car, doing goo-goo eyes when Brinke enters and leaves the house. <br /> <br /> The "kill-spouse-for-inheritance" plot has been made a million times before, the ending is unintentional laughter (ending with a direct rip off of the Zuni Fetish Dolls segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and whoever created a horrible pushed face and deprived of FX head head for this release must sharpen their skills a little. Brinke does a decent job, thanks to which her character is a bit nice, but the biggest surprise is how good Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard was in her role. She stole every scene she found herself in and easily gave a special performance.
