Proof that the Hollywood conventions are in place. A clear dialogue, poorly developed and flat characters and a chaotic plot are only part of the problems with this gangster classic would-be. An attempt to be bold and different, but this seems to be an attempt to recreate the magic of Bonnie and Clyde Arthur Penn (1967) and Butch Cassidy George Roy Hill and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative filmmakers and movies - but they fall far below the strip . Story problems that do not require explanation cause that a reader is needed to explain the problem sections. Editing appears again as an attempt to duplicate previous classics, but sometimes it is chaotic and causes me more technical problems. Unnecessary images are thrown in to justify their filming, but they would better serve the viewer while sitting on the floor of the cutting room. From time to time, prints are cast, black and white photomontages and period music, trying to either change or hide scenes that can not change well or replace scenes that simply do not work and resemble Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Too dramatic breaks between sentences, accidental shots of surrounding scenery that were not needed for telling stories, as well as top-down actions of bit players and supporting actors resembled camera managers from the late 1980s - I wondered who is responsible for this film during production and post-production. Playing music in most of two shots and close-ups, and then suddenly stopping in wide shots, overly emphasized the poor musical score. No sound edition was drastically visible, because most of the movie was shots, doors, tracks and dialog (style used by new directors in the late 1960s to mid 1970s), but there was no background noise that made it seem artificial - especially the tire squeaks on dirt roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem of all is that the audience does not have any "nice" characters that we could not designate as heroes of the story. Neither gangsters nor lawyers were characters that I wanted to see, and none of them was focused on the "hero" - the necessity for every story to work for me. We know from Penn and Hill's films who "heroes" are. Even if they are criminals, we like them and we want them to succeed. I do not care who was on screen in this movie. I got the impression that John Milius tried to issue a non-historically accurate document of the reconstruction of events related to the life of John Dillenger from June 1933. Until July 1934 (His death). <br /> <br /> To be honest, there are moments of good, solid narration that are moments that shine brightly from the dark and gloomy canister in which this movie sits. John Milius is grateful in future films, in which it seems that he does not try to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a complete waste, because many celebrities and famous faces that were on the verge of an explosion are involved in this director's "big budget" debut, but wait for the classic movie channel instead of spending money on rent or buy. <br /> <br />
