I always wrote this series as a complete stink because Jim Belushi got involved in it. But one day there was a tragic event. After finishing the White Sox game, I realized that the pilot was somehow on the other side of the room. Now I could just get up and go through the room to get a remote and even a TV to turn on the channel. But why not just get up and go through the country to watch TV in another state? "Nuts to this," I said. So I decided to stay on the couch and take everything that fate was for me. What happened to fate was an episode from the series, an episode I can not remember much about, except that once again I issued a very broad general general judgment based on zero objective or empirical evidence, without anything that could support my opinions with, and once again I was absolutely right! This performance is a complete crud-pie! Belushi has all the comedic supplies of a hairy lighthouse. Women are physically attractive, but too Stepford - it is to evoke any real feeling from the viewer. There is absolutely no reason to refrain from going to a local television station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower, and sending every copy of that mutta howling back to hell. <br /> <br /> With the exception of ... <br /> <br /> With the exception of the great comedy style of Larry Joe Campbell, the best American comics actor. This guy plays Belushi's brother-in-law, Andy, and he's gold. How is he really good? Well, besides being funny, his job is to make Belushi look good. It's like trying to make the warts look good. But Campbell does it with style. Someone should come up with the Nobel Prize in Comics so that he can win it every year. Without Larry Joe, this show would consist of somewhat empty, looking Courtney Thorne-Smith striking Belushi in the head of the pan, while alternately beating himself in the chest and playing with straw on the floor of the cage. 5 stars for Larry Joe Campbell labeled Comedic Bacon, because it improves the taste of everything it is!
