And what about Dahmer's childhood? - An operation of a double hernia, which probably caused his obsession with the internal functioning of the human body? And what about the "land of infinity"? - A game that he invented as a child, involving the annihilation of sticks when they approached each other too closely, suggesting that closeness was the ultimate danger. And what about the relationship between parents and his mother's emotional problems, which were much more important than his own relationship with his father? His neglect when his brother was born? And what about his fascination with insects and animals? How did he deal with the road killing and hang him in the forest behind his house? What about focusing more on cannibalism? And what about the divorce of his parents? That's all you should find in the movie. Instead, the creator of the movie decided to give us a diluted "snapshot" of the night or two in his life and combine it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashbacks, events that were not even particularly important to our understanding of Dahmer. <br /> <br /> Why did not the creator of the movie show how Dahmer is interested in people more than people? He could do so many times, especially in the scenes in which he uses his victims during sex with them (which actually took place in the health club, not in the night club). Instead, he simply shows how he rejects them from behind. <br /> <br /> Although I appreciate that there is only so much information that can be pressed in 90 minutes (or any length of time), but why spend so much of the movie exploring his relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this movie). My guess is that the director tried to build the character of Pineta, try to fear or sympathize with us, but this movie is about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why could not he spend forty-five minutes on something else? If the stage and their relationship were important enough to guarantee such a time, it was fair enough, but it was not. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is an essential part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first death and due to the impact of the murder for the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the movie does not explain that it was his first murder, or that he did not kill again for nine years. We assume because his hairstyle is different, and he wears glasses that this is a flashback, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> And what about the temple he made in his salon at the end of his career? - one of the most important tips we have towards understanding Dahmer and his motivation ... <br /> <br /> Some people may consider my need for accuracy to be detailed and somewhat anal-like, but after careful study of Jeffrey Dahmer you can see that this movie has not much to do with the person he was and the crimes he committed. Why spend time creating a movie loosely based on Jeffrey Dahmer instead of dealing with real problems related to his descent into madness and resulting slaughter? he should have 18 certificates, not 15. We had to see his perversion more thoroughly to understand how much he was detached from the rest of us. This does not mean, for example, that the drill enters Konerak Sinthas's head, but at least indicates the number of people killed and his Modus Operandi when killing. Anyone watching this movie who does not know Dahmer's story may leave thinking that he killed only a few people. In fact, he killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> Besides the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not bad. There are several nice pictures and good performances of the two main characters. I would like to repeat it thanks to the creator of the film, who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film in the first place.
