Skullduggery is a strange, strange movie based on the novel "Ye Shall Know Them" by Vercors. The release of criticism in the film is really bad, because it is a film that deals with serious topics, such as humanity, and appeals for fair moral standards and tolerance. But despite its honorable intentions and good sound, Skullduggery is simply not a good movie. For me, the main problem is a terribly chaotic narrative, which can not understand how to best convey its message. The first half of the film is like watching a standard Tarzan jungle trip; later turns into science fiction; at the end he falls into judicial melodrama. Differences in the tone between the individual parts of the film are too big, too shocking to overlook. They stick out like a sore thumb and remind you that you are watching a messy, disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> The archaeological expedition to the jungle of New Guinea is led by the adventurer Douglas (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archaeologists involved in the trip is the attractive lady scientist Dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a painstaking journey, they come across a tribe of strange monkey creatures. These primitive, long-lost persons are covered with hair and have survived for centuries, without being affected in any way or influenced by the development of modern man. Is there evidence that these may be the ancestors of early man? "Missing link" in the evolution of great apes in humans. Or maybe a race of people who look and behave differently than usual? Or maybe even a race of animals that have begun to develop human traits? Archaeologists call the tribe "Traces" and initially delight with the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when the nasty opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to use the tribe and their idyll on behalf of programmers. He wonders if the Tropi are truly "human" and takes arguments to the courts, where he hopes to get legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can be continued. <br /> <br /> It was a very early movie in Reynolds' career, and he actually disturbs the balance of the film, acting like in a comedy, while the rest of the cast is taking it all very seriously. Not that Reynolds can be blamed? he has an impossible role, he was asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to Tarzan. His character and film are not important to him. Clark is doing much better as a serious archaeologist, and British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White have a good supporting role. A serious drawback of the Skullduggery is the poor and ineffective makeup used to give the Tropi a strange hairy look. Instead of making the actors look like credible hominoids, the stuck hair makes them look inadvertently comically? and this is not the right idea. We are going to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but it's very difficult when they look so unconvincing. Skullduggery is an unsuccessful attempt to tell a story that could be overwhelming, philosophical and stimulating. Honorable intentions are available to everyone, but the end result does not make them fair. A decent failure may be a failure.
