While the general idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I think the film is much smaller than what I was hoping for after reading the summer plot. Perhaps I am too big a child in the technological age: the film was made because it is now 2002, the official film from five years ago - after watching a fantasy epic such as the Lord of the Rings and science fiction such as Star Wars, the whole could not compare with other films a similar line, such as Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef, in principle, could not relate - I am almost the same age children (young adult) and there is no problem with putting a middle-aged man on the spot, if such a character is available. But the picture did not lead me to another mental plain of existence. I did not say "ACK! I would do the same! ". It did not open the door of my imagination. Even without comparing it with high-budget movies or other television films standing alone, some aspects of the function I thought were trivial: character development in children appeared too fast, I like it, seeing too much stereotypical selfish teen -bitter-after-divorce image changes in we feel that we are-a-big-happy-family-let - never-separate-again, which can eventually cause or break the picture in the long run. Even the characters themselves could have improved: a typical set of one or other stereotypes. There was always selfish rebelliousness, accompanied by a perfect image combining athletics, good looks and intelligence, and at the same time a dark attitude, and finally a smarter, younger brother who seems to be so popular today. Although I know that personalities have pushed this story, I think adding more individuality in terms of nuances and more unique differences would make the movie more enjoyable - and credible (when it comes to the character) - <br /> <br /> I have to raise my glass for the costume and set design - which made it worth finishing for me to the end. Do not get me wrong: all the films are worth seeing for yourself, and the opinion of one of them could never explain the opinion of many, but I think with a bit more depth of the script and a little more (I can not believe I say this) reality dare to say Escape from Atlantis could have been magical.
