The main problem in the documentary film "Czech Dream" is that it really does not say what it thinks it says. <br /> <br /> In a bold - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - the act of a street theater, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student filmmakers from the Czech Republic, made a major corporate fraud that served as the basis of their film: they deliberately fabricated a fake "hypermarket" (Eastern European counterpart Costco or Wal Mart Super Store), built an entire advertising campaign around it - full of billboards, radio and television spots, an official logo, catchy song and photos of fake goods - and then waited to see how much "dope "Will appear when they are created on the opening day. They even built a makeshift façade to convince people that the store itself did exist. <br /> <br /> You might ask: "Why something like that?" This is a very good question, but the answer given by the filmmakers is not satisfying. Basically, we were told that the goal of the stuntman was to show how easy it is to manipulate people to believe in something - even something that is not true - simply through the power of advertising. And the filmmakers resort to moral protection, claiming that the "real" (ie Higher) goal of the charade is to convince the Czechs not to bump into all the advertisements encouraging them to join the European Union. Fair enough - especially if you take into account the fact that actual advertisers who agree to acrobatics are against the unethical nature of lying to customers, while justifying their cooperation in fraud, claiming that this is a form of "research" in what works and not works in advertising. In a sense, by letting themselves be caught on the camera that comments on these comments, men and women from commercials are just as cheaters of filmmakers as the poor unsuspecting people who are the main purpose of deception. But in many respects the satirical arrow not only misses the intended target, but ironically resets it back to the filmmakers who launched it. Because it IS THEIR, NOT the good-natured and naturally trusting people who ultimately come out here as unethical and classless, when they make fools with perfectly decent people, some of them old and handicapped and forced to travel long distances to get to the place . And what is all this to prove? That people are "greedy" because they are going to the opening of a new supermarket looking for opportunities? Or that they are stupid and gullible because they do not suspect that there may not be a real market, even if it has been advertised? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would practically make it impossible to function in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid that this clever, nasty little "stunt" proves only what complete and total jerks of filmmakers are for making some really nice people feel like idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the trick that was played on them, react with gratitude and good humor, I am not sure if I would be able to get together if I were in their position. <br /> <br /> I am not saying that the film is not addictive - something like witnessing a huge road accident in action - but when the dust finally calms down and all disappointed customers return red with empty hands to in their homes we can safely declare that they are not the ones who should be ashamed.
