When I saw this movie, I heard all this noise and heard people say that Denzel deserves an Oscar next to his Golden Globe and I believed he had to do a great job, considering that Kevin Spacey was perfect. I was wrong. I realize that people say this not to anger the African American community (if they are not African Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African-Americans are never nominated and how they should win. Sometimes this is true (not so much now), because Whoppi Goldberg should have been the best actress in the movie Violet, and the film should have been the best shot. The only reason this movie was so blown up is that people see a movie about the hardships of African Americans (* SEMI-SPOILER *) in a very racist period of time and automatically define it as a masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is an outstanding actor, but his role in this film did not affect me. I was bored with him in the movie, and his acting was quite similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so good. The audience should leave, believing that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the films worshiping this man, this hero, and they left and bought his book, making this hero a rich man. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (mainly theft) were only to survive. People sympathized with him, although drug dealers and thieves probably had the same number for the same reasons, but in society they are looked down. Everything in this movie tries to show this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had for his wife and the aggression he showed to another man when he met his wife), but why would not he - in the end his point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood movies) based on "real" stories, because they usually distort the "real" parts into something else, something not so real. It was his point of view and the Hollywood construction, but everyone believed it was true. I examined his past a little before I started assuming that he was a very brutal man. What's more, there is still the possibility that he murdered these people. If you do not believe me, search for it online and read the articles that some have about him. Boxing match, which he claimed won so easily, was won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are tapes that confirm this. Besides, in this film there are many twisted and deliberately omitted facts. The supporting staff are the beloved people I have ever seen on Earth, and their "nice and perfect" personality seemed difficult to maintain. <br /> <br /> This movie was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate truth story that still has to be told truthfully. Denzel's acting is out of date, and Mickey Mouse's supportive attitudes are annoying. The film also starts very slowly and is boring.
