I do not know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe it was a name, maybe it looked like a poster, I do not know. In any case, it was quite promising at first. And even in the whole function there were several bright moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of horror movies and I do not watch them too often, but this one sometimes looked fresh. But the rest is not so good. Sometimes laughter. The movie is slow, sometimes you're so bored that you have forgotten what happened. Characters are not great either. Everybody. The butcher is okay, he seems frightening and crazy enough. Although I did not understand what strange things were on his chest (the entire scene looked fake and out of place) and why did he collect these in jars at home? The main clue is simple. His character is really hard to believe and very undeveloped. But I think it's the scenario's fault. For example, why did he cry when he took pictures of his girlfriend? The side throw is also bad. But the main thing that I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when will horror women have any brains? This is ridiculous. The girl learns that the maniac took her camera with her boyfriend, tries to go to the police, she fails, and then thinks about the best idea. Why do not we just go! I know where a maniac lives! Yes! It swells! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? Then go to the room, see the bag that was not there before, and look inside. Maybe there's a camera there? Not over there. But a lot of interesting things. Shiny. Mmmm. Realizing that the bag means the butcher has returned is too difficult for her tiny tiny brain. Then of course, the endless trick of "falling while running" that really made her look bad. Then, to drive the last nail into the character, at the end of the movie enters the FULL wagon with dead bodies dangling his legs, screams "Noooo" as if she just broke her Gucci bag and goes on to the wagon. .. Jesus. Come on. Nobody else thinks he is just stupid? Just awful. If her character was not so bad, maybe the movie would get another star or two from me. And I would forgive even MMT characters who can hit the head with a steel hammer (the guy on the train killed by the conductor), butchers 'vests that can protect against bullets, strange and cheap-looking monsters at the end (I did not read Clive Barkers' novel, so I have no idea where these monsters come from, the fact that no one cared that hundreds (judging by the skeletons in the dungeon) disappeared in the city, and the main character who did not bleed to death when he snatched the tongue (probably barely noticed) Oh, and a predictable ending. Shit, I knew the end in the middle, it's just disappointing, the only reason I keep telling the authors is that overall the movie looks better than most horror films I've watched for a few months. some of the photos were really nice and good CGI that made the kills look really brutal (although blood was not she really looked) I think some people will enjoy it, some, like me, will watch it, if there is nothing else to watch, some will hate it.
