I have heard and read many praising things about the "Night Train" based on a story written by Clive Barker and allegedly the best adaptation of his work since the original "Hellraiser", which he directed himself, but so far I can only express very mixed feelings related to my viewing experience. The most appropriate term for the whole movie in the word is: nausea! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatical young horror enthusiasts, but it is also indescribably unjust and exploitative. I usually say that I am very pro-violence, but it must at least serve the purpose. Slaughter? literally ?? presented in the "Midnight Meat Train" is intended only to shock and repel viewers with weak nervous systems and easily unsettled stomachs, and even this is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more shortcomings, some even greater than nonsense blood, but perhaps I should first focus on good elements. The basic concept is definitely promising, and many sequences (for example chase in the freezer) literally seep with biting nails tension and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, the stimulation is very uneven, and the development of a potentially fantastic plot is unnecessarily complicated. Probably for the abnormalities of stimulation it is responsible for converting a short story into a long feature film script, but honestly I feel that they could do more in both the solution and the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot presents Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York, whose agent advises to look for the sinister face of the city through sinister pictures. Leon is obsessed with introvert persecution and a suspicious butcher who is always waiting for the train at midnight. Leon is right, as the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a huge hammer, but the motivation and behavior of the killer suggest that something much more important happens on rails at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing places, such as underground stations in night and animal slaughterhouses, and the film benefits from good acting performances and lorries of disturbing images (such as corpses on meat hooks and cars wiped with blood) but director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not fully use all of this. The ending leaves many unanswered questions, and even if Clive Barker intended to look like that, I still think that we deserved a more lucid finale. "Midnight Meat Train" is quite an intriguing and definitely haunting movie, but not without defaults. It is not intended for viewers who are easily offended, but maybe people seeking coherence and clarity of the story should also leave it alone.
