I have heard a lot about this film and people write to me telling me that I should see this because I am a fan of unusually bloody, bloody movies. Almost immediately I put my hands in it, but one or the other always kept me from watching - until now. I do not remember that I even had it. <br /> <br /> This movie was awful. The worst thing is that it could have been much better than it really was. I know it was the story of Clive Barker and everyone, and no, I have not read this story, but it seems to me that if you do not do it, you will, like me, completely unaware and completely disappointed. > <br /> The movie begins well enough - the actors are convincing, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to draw attention. I thought the blood looked a little bad, but seeing that it was the first scene, I was hoping for improvement later. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and effects are so horrible that it was almost a disgust to my intelligence that you would believe that, for example, someone could throw a head off their shoulders, using only a meat hammer. WTF? CGI's blood (did they ever use ANY "real" blood?) My home things look better than any used in this movie!) Unbelievable acts of dismemberment (eyeballs only pop out because of a blow to the back of the head, their arms cut carefully - no one remembers that there are BONES in the whole body!), too dark scenes (each scene is either strangely yellow or hidden in shadows) ... it just gets worse and worse. I was wrong after mistake. Its too much. Add this to the fact that what could and should be a great movie of a serial killer turns into some demonic / supernatural / monstrous movie at the end ... no, thank you! He should be kept as a terrifying guy who murders people in the subway - OK, with the conspiracy theory cast and overeager photographer. Maybe they murder people and sell meat through a meat factory? Credible, feasible ... and much better than "real" history. It could and should work. Instead, he became a "creature living at the end of an old tunnel and everyone knows it, except you, and if you do not read the book, well ... you'll just never understand it" a fiasco. Tragic, what a horrible thing to film with such potential. If you like mindless fake blood and blood, you will love it. But if you have half a brain in your head, you will hate it completely. Stay away, far away.
