Is it the same Kim Ki Duk who directed the thrilling, full-life testimony of "Spring, summer, autumn, winter and spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk who managed the excellent, almost silent, thrilling longing of "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who dazzled us with the stunning tragedy of the Coast Guard and forced us to turn around the ugliness of nonchalant teenage prostitution before returning to his almost patented nature motive to let us all (characters and viewers) experience redemption in the Samaritan ? I just can not find it in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, sure, the theme of nature. Kim is still present. The film takes place entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and on floats resting peacefully on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, it's fine. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in special DVD functions. But I'm not sure what it means after seeing this grim presentation. <br /> <br /> What's beautiful in anger, prostitutes, nosy, brutal and night fishermen, greedy mute merchant, clearly animal torture, self-harm sequences and the pace that murmurs bland between the bestial corporeality and mindless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this completely misleading and ultimately pointless film. If it is based on a fairy tale or is supposed to be a parable or to symbolize something bigger, the reviewer does not know the source material. Compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (to Kim's satisfaction), this was beneficial, but apart from surprisingly good performances, especially considering what they had to work with, the main actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I find a small reason to recommend this movie. I did not see Audition, but I doubt it would change my view of The Isle in any way. His violence is pornographic and absurdly sadistic. Her sex is not pornographic, but devoid of passion and masochistic. Characters behave annoyingly because there is no conspiracy. His point is either non-existent or, I confess, lost among the Korean cultural idiosyncrasies I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty lies in cinematography, which is classic Kim: boats covered in fog slowly through a calm lake, mountainous terrain dominating in the background, and fancy and fun use of color. Sometimes it seems that the viewers are locked in a large romper hall by Kim Ki Duk. Some of the accents, such as the mysterious and seductive, silent merchant played by Jung and the pleasantly weird use of motorcycles, are intriguing. But as a movie, this effort is simply confusing and ultimately offends the senses, not necessarily sensitivities. One can hope that Kim will leave this type of film production in the dustbin of his past, because we know he is capable of much more.
