"Mayerling" is an advert of republicanism that you will probably learn about, and is an everyday story of the royal people in Austria at the end of the 19th century. During one of the endless internal turmoil in Europe, it concerns Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr. James Mason), his rebellious son, royal prince Rudolf (Mr. Omar Sharif) empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret policemen, spies, extravagantly uniformed Popinians. Gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses and a bizarre inbred network of the European royal family during the Austro-Hungarian Empire of Franciszek Józef. Filmed in what former film posters used to call "A Riot of Color," it resembles only the costly, but intellectually contested production of "The Student Prince." Mr. James Mason, wearing a very obtrusive little white number, uses his versatile mittel-European accent whenever he remembers. I am his great devotee and I sincerely hope that the reward will be commensurate with the distaste that he clearly felt for the character he played. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career largely based on looking straight at the camera with his big brown eyes and looking soulful, gives a stunningly monotonous performance, like his son, the Crown prince. He is completely unconvincing as a man who, in the film, rarely breaks through this side of the Austrian aristocracy. His well-greased butter is blocked on the spot, and he becomes more and more unbelievable uniforms. As a rebel he speaks, but clearly does not go, walking the bottom button retracted on one of his tunics is in so far as his defiant does not succeed. Unfortunately, he got married, falls in love with an ordinary man. "Forbidden love" is one of the movie adventures. Catherine Deneuve hardly shifts the envelope. Miss Deneuve has a profile that you can die for and see quite a lot, especially in the sequence set in the ballet. Now, I love ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to last too long, a more cynical critic may consider it an "accompaniment". The mother of Rudolf, the Empress, is played by Mrs. Ava Gardner. It gives parts to a good old American oooomph, making it a bit like "Auntie Mame", but it's done in an undeniable style. Rudolf certainly likes his mother very much - I will not love it more than this. The only show worth seeing is the performance of Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spatt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so wonderfully not worried about everything that's going on around him. I look with joy. I waited in vain to ask Rudolf the immortal question "What is the time of bleeding?". I am not entitled to question the historic accuracy of "Mayerling", but in my opinion everything else is risky. This is a Rufa Buffo Opera without melodies that will send you home from a theater whistle.
