Although I knew people who are either Noam Chomsky's great fans or think he is a tired relic from the 1960s, I really did not have a man's opinion, except that I knew he was known as a linguist, although I could not explain none of his theories and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist tendencies. So, finding a DVD with a document from 2003 Noam Chomsky: Rebel Without A Pause, in a used video store, a movie that accompanied him during a tour of the book from 9-11 in 2002, I decided to get it, so I can have some knowledge about a man next time a person, pro or con, talked about him. Although I was happy that I had this film, my first reaction to this boring and poorly edited hagiography was, so what's going on in this confusion? <br /> <br /> For a man with so many degrees, praised as "the most important living intellectual" of the New York Times, according to the DVD case, there was certainly not much to say intellectually. I know I would chew it and spit it out in the debate, and I would not even want to see what William F. Buckley could do to him. It's true that the whole film was about Chomsky, who saw conspiracies all over the world, and having glass-covered eyes bowed to the stupefying approval of the most preposterous and outrageous things he said, not linguistics, so maybe that's why he got so bad . But again, if he is a linguist and a top in his field, why should anyone in the world care for what he has to say about anything but his field of knowledge? Worse, his acolytes, who seem to isolate man more than reality, support illusions that Chomsky is the target of Zionist killers. How little I knew about Chomsky before watching this movie, I knew so much: he was generally considered to be intellectual and from the beginning irrelevant to the collapse of the Soviet empire. The film is so poorly constructed and without a narrative thread it is difficult to separate the whole tangle. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave one interview, which was fragmented and dropped anywhere in the film. She seems to be quite a nice woman, but she completely got out of the element, answering only the most basic questions about their lives. The only interesting thing he says is that September 11th was a great thing for Chomskys, because since then he has collected a lot of money for talks. <br /> <br /> No wonder that this kind of movie gives you almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all viewers must know all the praise that this "great man" is carrying. Chomsky rarely gives interviews one by one. Stylistically, there are no camera moves, no interesting edits or any characteristic accents, and most of the film is Chomsky's chaotic fragments, Chomsky's sounds recorded to pieces in one way or another, and the students with jaws open and terrified look at him, as if it was irrelevant, that is, when the dark figures do not give him barely audible and ridiculously simplified questions. This is a really bad film from the director and editor, Willa Pascoe, who in a DVD movie statement shows that he is another uncritical acolyte of Chomsky. Besides, one of the surest signs is that it is not an objective document, only an agitprop and a vain piece of agitprop, that Chomsky does not show him how to deal with the answer. It seems to be a font of knowledge that has no limits. <br /> <br /> Given that most of this drain was filmed during Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, before the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what Chomsky says as distant as things from the Vietnam War. Yes, he does some good things, here and there, in American media participation before the war, but he follows them with pure madness, because he does not seem to realize that most conspiracies are immediate and not fully delineated. For example, he claims that the advertising industry is a cabal that mercilessly controls the population, but does not say a word about the zombie that is controlled. Similarly, he claims that the Trilateralists are leading the world and that the fear of people against crime is another result of the Cabal. Of course, this claim fully explains the crisis centers of rape and everything that wastes time and money that consortia of district officials consume. It is also absurd to say that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and the company were its big sponsors in Latin America, Asia and Africa until the collapse of the Soviet Union. I can only guess that UFO conspirators are waiting for Chomsky to announce that gray aliens have organized impregnation centers for mixing species in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In his simple world without gray, Chomsky is terrifyingly thick like the Bushco members he insults; the more so because they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lived in the past, in most cases and beyond his intellectual depth. At the end of this movie he warns: "Be careful when you hear of intellectuals fighting for justice," but you can only laugh, because the man apparently never met a revolutionary person or an idea that he did not like, regardless of the barbarity of their crimes and their anti-intellectual stand . Please, stop before you waste time and money on this silly and irrelevant DVD.
