DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress Josie (Samaire Armstrong), who led a quite ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) is killed by the Werewolf, you see that Werewolves do exist in today's America and there is even a special organization in the police that fights with the Werewolf threat, led by detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has a difficult task of telling Josie that he is actually a pure-bred werewolf and a werewolf called (Kane Hodder) wants to connect with her and create a new breed of pure-blooded werewolves that will take over the whole world, or something like that. Understandably, Josie has difficulty believing it until he sees evidence with his own eyes. It depends on Steve, the werewolf who will save Josie, the day and the world ... <br /> <br /> Co-producer and director Richard Friedman I thought that DarkWolf is a poor film with a low budget in the cinema with a horror movie it's really nothing for I did not do it. Geoffrey Alan Holliday's screenplay begins quite promisingly in a strip club with lots of naked breasts on display, and then there is a Werewolf attack that leaves someone splashing everywhere, but after that decent opening sequence is almost at the bottom, all the way to the end. I'm afraid. At the beginning it is slow, it is boring, predictable and is filled with very annoying characters that go out with many bad dialogs and do stupid things when they have the opportunity to shoot a werewolf they do not have, I have no idea why, but they just prefer to stand there. The script is stupid and does not explain why Josie has never been transformed into a Werewolf? Is she really the only one? Why can not this "dark prince" find another werewolf? There are also many other things that in a small or no sense resemble an ancient book, which at first glance seems to be very important, but then completely forgotten in the middle, but you still get the idea, as a whole the film is very linear fashion very much predictable climate game, which is not enough to say at least. <br /> <br /> The director Friedman quite well illuminates the film with a bright neon, but it is new or original and does not really improve the film as a spectacle. Let's talk about special effects, or rather their lack, because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the Werewolf transformation was achieved using CGI and is one of the worst CGIs I've ever seen, seriously Playstation would be embarrassed by this computer graphics. This is the worst Werewolf transformation I have ever seen. An American Werewolf in London (1981) was created over 25 years ago, but the special effects are literally light years ahead of the ones you see in DarkWolf, which says that special effects have improved over the years? The effects of animatronic dolls are also not much better, although at least there is something psychic on the screen. Bloody is not too big after the deadly opening, there is a bit of blood splatter and lots of dead bodies, but not much more. There's a lot of feminine nudity if it's your thing, but do not get too excited because you still have to sit in a terrible movie to see if it's really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically DarkWolf is okay beyond probably the worst CGI effect in history, it's quite well made and at least it seems to have production value. Acting is what you can really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is another low-budget piece of shitty horror, in which a store with films and clutter on the shelves of unclear cable TV stations. it was as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to the dentist is a bit more fun than going to a funeral, although when everything is said and done, both are still terrible ...
