Even if this movie was supposedly a joke in response to criticism, it is still a horrible movie. If someone is going to get involved in something that will make a good joke ..... first of all, Jeroen Krabbé is probably Gerard Depardieu a poor man ... of course I hate Gerard Depardieu, even though he was very funny with three musketeers "Iron Mask". Otherwise, for me it is a ticket poison, and Jeroen Krabbé is worse. Poison in the box office of a poor man ... is really not fair to economically deprived civil rights. If "The Fourth Man" is to be a critique of the bourgeoisie ... what do I mean? This is not. Let's say hypothetically, if it were, it was not sharp enough. Satire is a difficult thing ... if it is not sharp enough, the viewer becomes a joke ... I think it happened. The story ends as a group of unfortunate disgusting characters who do nothing that nobody would care about, and not in an interesting way ... (for a more interesting and interesting use see any movie by Luis Bunuel ... very sharp satire) <br /> < br /> [potential spoiler alert] <br /> <br /> Really, a blow to the cemetery, whose heroine Jeroen Krabbé achieves so hard ... do you even care? is it funny? Because Mr. Voerhoven is supposed to be a good filmmaker, I will give him the benefit of doubts and assume that some misanthropic joke got out of control ... although I guess he did not cast Jeroen Krabbé because he is the worst actor, and every character he played is pretentious bourgeois butt ... except that he is incompetent. So it becomes like a strange caricature. Do you think that Mr. Voerhoven did it on purpose? and Jeroen Krabbé is also a joke? I just can not see it ...... So you understand the dilemma that I am facing here, right? This is the worst film in history, because it should be a good director. So there is some kind of deception. I knew that Patch Adams was horrible without even seeing it. Do not be fooled by the deceptive wrapping of the Fourth Man or the reputation of Mr. Voerchen as a good director, etc.
