The Order begins in Rome, where there is a dead head of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons named Brother Dominik (Francesco Carnelutti), who goes to New York, where one of his orders Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) contacts the best cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), who asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances accompanying Dominic's death. Together with his girlfriend Maria Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and fellow priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) Alex travels to Italy to delve into the death of his mentor, because the truth begins to appear, it seems that Dominic was "Sin Eater", someone who absorbed other sins and lived with their burden so that they could die peacefully and that the Church was not satisfied with his actions. Alex must do what is right, even if it contradicts what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also under the title The Sin Eater this American German coproduction was written, produced and directed by Bianca Helgeland. I really do so much for me if I'm honest and usually I'm honest. Anyway, let's start with a mess of a script that has some good ideas, but it's predictable, terribly boring and boring, really stupid sometimes and it's taking too seriously. All this concept is stupid and although it thinks it is clever, it's oh so neat end that connects everything and evokes the whole story. I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to end things. There are ordinary religious themes, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah. Then there are the twists and turns of action that are not difficult to see, the abuse of power by high-ranking clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know the stereotypical ideals and themes of Hollywood that are reused each time the Church is concerned. The Order has nothing new to say and as a serious movie it is useless. I'm not too sure whom The Order likes to be as a die-hard horror fan, I have not seen much fear in it, as the thriller is less than exciting, as the secret is too predictable and there is nothing here to truly capture or maintain interest and For some reason I can not understand that the IMDb also mentions the Order as an action film that is absurd because it is as exciting and action-packed as the average Sesame Street episode (1969 - present), perhaps severe, but that's what I think ... br /> <br /> The director Helgeland does a good job, the film seems to have a very mild lighting scheme and everything looks a bit gloomy, grayish and dull. In the case of the alleged horror, the Order is very light to the horror or elements of the horror, in fact, there is not one or two bad children who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget about any gore or violence, because there is nothing that's okay, but it would at least make the Order slightly addictive. According to the "Trivia" section of the IMDb, the issue date of "The Order" has been restored, so some special effects may have been improved because they looked involuntarily funny, all I can say is, judging by the finished movie, the effects must have been really bad to start because they are not as brilliant as they are now. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see that The Order has a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which is a hell of a lot of money, and I just can not see where it all went along with good sets and production design. The whole film looks and feels very average and completely forgotten. Acting is okay, although the annoying fat man who seems to be a kind of nasty comedic irritation, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves something better. <br /> <br /> Order, I prefer the title Sin Eater does not really matter too much, bypasses all intended goals for the proverbial mile, as far as I am concerned and is quite a boring way to waste 100 weird minutes of your life, so do not do it ! Do not recommend.
