This apologetic excuse for the film reminded me a lot about what I had heard about "Gigli" that Ben and Jen were flocking earlier this summer. The Order was clearly edited to such an extent that scenes, instead of creating a coherent and provocative movie, seemed to be a collection of disconnected sequences that did little to convey any appearance of a single story. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 Things I hate About You", "A Knight's Tale", and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my man has to find a better agent. Accept scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers", and he'll be on the right track to forget the movie. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems that I had with this movie. First of all, the director tried to make up for the imperfections of his main plot by introducing two other feature lines that seemingly had little to do with anything. The plot hanks with the participation of an American attempting to take over the Vatican and the Dark Pope, though somewhat interesting, did nothing to reveal anything about the main characters to the viewer. Attempts to combine these threads were pathetic at best. Secondly, please do not insult the viewer's intelligence by inserting a movie that is clearly obligatory. We produced anger, produced love and the most idiotically produced sex that seemed to be a party with "Matrix Reloaded" with intoxicating techno music. These elements, instead of developing character, seemed to be cheap devices, which were clearly, constituting a carefree attempt to place popcorn teenagers on the seats. Thirdly, most importantly, this film seemed to have an intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion and we have supernatural powers. So why do not we know almost anything about someone's background? We learn a little about Alex, but even he gives up the passion of the priesthood, after two days to sleep with a woman, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed, if you can call it that, character in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Nowadays, if you're going to see one movie this year, make sure it's not this one. There are about ten interesting minutes from the unbearable 101-minute romance. The only thing that saved me was going with a girl I like. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. Put this file firmly under potential, but blew it over editing and bad directing. Heath my man, go back to the Monster's Ball cameo. They really suit you.
