In past times of the Catholic Church, the eater of sins was an individual who, through the ritual, would take on the sins of a dying person. Often these people were excommunicated or similar people whom the Church did not absolve, thereby refusing to enter Heaven. Sins of sins were seen as blasphemers, bypassing the monopoly of chruch on redemption. Sex is a bit with some overt supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where it can, and you have "The Order", a film that combines religious anti-authoritarianism "Stigmata", paranormal investigation "The X-Files" and sexual spirituality "The Thorn Birds' in a strange melange that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a dishonest priest, one of the last members of the Carolingian Order, a semi-heretical order of seeking knowledge, demonic priests. When Alex's mentor is found dead in strange circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Marking together with colleagues Karoling Thomas (Mark Addy) and Maria (Shannyn Sossman), who were subject to one of the exorcisms of Alex a year earlier. These three go to Rome to explore and drag into the dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresies, sinister prophecies, demonic intrusions, and a man who claims to be the last living Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> The film, written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same authorities on the scattershot and the "A Knight's Tale"), is strange and difficult to classify. He wants to be a few things at once - a supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, a dramatic TV pilot - and only sometimes goes on each one. It does not help with the slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to sleepwalk through their performances with occasional brilliance. In particular, Ledger has a particularly stunning scene of despair in a differently monochromatic presentation. Sossman, however, showed the same unrelated performance she gave in all her films (above all in The Rules of Attraction). <br /> <br /> The thread itself winds up and down between several different arcs, leading to a reflection on which one is the main with each arch containing the share of red herring. Large narrative gaps sometimes seem lost between scenes, which can be confusing to many, but it is also one of the graces saving the film. The structure of the film - combined with the fact that the end of the film never has a really clear antagonist - forces the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most films are obviously obvious in everything (the exception is the historical background for Carolingians and the practice of eating sins that are explained in the dry exposure). Even at the beginning of the movie, character relationships and history are requested instead of explanation. Combine this with on-site shooting and sensible use of special effects, and you'll get a supernatural thriller in the very old world, and even initial credits resemble something from the late 70s and early 80s. <br /> <br /> A brief mention of subtle and organic the sound of David Torna, the combination of minimalist orchestration and the exotic vocal of Lisa Gerrard. Very nice score, which is suggestive, but it is not bombastic and exists in very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> The tangled plot, lack of purpose and sometimes sleepy performances would often condemn the film, but for some reason the "Order" remains to be seen. Many people will be very excluded by the movie because of its strange sensitivity, and some may even get angry that they are forced to engage higher brain functions to understand it. Nevertheless, the intangibility of the film alone will make it impossible for him to achieve critical or commercial success until the DVD, which will surely be provided with abundant amounts of removed scenes. Recommended movie only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
