This movie was bad, unbelievable. I saw it at the San Francisco Film Festival in 2004. Before he began, the theater owner stood up and told us how half of the audience had left the theater the night before, which was his "world premiere." I do not think anyone in the theater will understand how bad this movie will be. We all understood until the end. <br /> <br /> This is not a document, although it was sold as one. Dark Angel was a bad biography and an erroneous tribute to Bettie Paige, in which half of the movie is actually a remake of old films by Bettie Paige. The film lasts only 90 minutes, and the content of these 90 minutes is at least subtle. The scene will start, then someone will say, "wow, you're such a great Bettie, why do not we make another movie." after that there would be a 5-minute remake of Bettie Paige, who was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring) than the normal part of the movie. at the end of the movie, people laughed every time a new remake of Bettie Paige appeared. it was so absurd. I heard a lot of laughter in this theater, but people did not laugh at the filmmaker, they were laughing at the film and its poor content and structure. It was easy to tell, because the parts that laugh the most are those that were supposed to be serious or revealing. <br /> <br /> I know movies are expensive. I have seen many cheap independent films, but somehow the photos and the quality of the film have distinguished it from everything I have ever seen. The movie looks like it was made for 12 USD. The cuts, graininess and lack of a sensual plot made it an unforgettable experience. This movie creates a "Dude, where's my car?" Look like Citizen Kane. <br /> <br /> My friends and I left the theater, feeling that we just paid $ 8 for torture. The only part of this experience was that we had to laugh at the fact that someone actually did the movie and found it good. Apparently, the previous night, the night of the "world premiere," the director / screenwriter / producer was in the audience and witnessed how people laugh and come out on his film. Bettie Paige's films were destroyed. They should also destroy this movie.
