I am a bit torn to the DARK ANGEL. The film seems to be a "loving" tribute to the biggest pin-up that ever existed - but there are so few real "content" that the film itself is practically pointless. I really do not know what is the motivation or "point" of this movie - because there is very little biographical information in the narrative - so those who do not know much about Bettie, will not know more after watching DARK ANGEL or ... <br /> <br /> The film presents the chronicle of Bettie's last few years in capturing modeling. Almost the entire movie consists of a "reconstruction" of some of the "more well-known" photo shoots and Bettie loops. These plays literally occupy 75% of the time the videos are played, and practically do not give an insight into Bettie as a person. The film briefly discusses her short-lived legitimate acting and her subsequent decision to leave the "business" and acquire religiousness - but all this is largely obscured in favor of showing long and prolonged reconstruction scenes ... <br /> <br /> DARK ANGEL is not a terrible movie - there is nothing specific about it. Another problem is that the actress who plays Bettie really resembles her in further shots - it is pointless from close up. Another thing that irritated me is that although Bettie did some topless modeling sessions - the only nudity in the movie was a short episode filmed at the zoo during the final credits. The film itself is of course extremely low budget, but it does what it can set and in terms of costumes within its limits - so there are no comments. Acting is quite wooden and unforgettable for everyone involved. In fact - the most memorable thing for me in the whole film, I noticed during the final credits that the actor who played the real name of Irving Klaw is Dukey Flyswatter. No joke - check the list of casts. I can not say that I recommend it too high unless you are a real Bettiefile and you must have everything associated with it. And if you're so bad - you have to seek treatment anyway ... 4/10
