One of the major potential environmental costs of most mining operations is the contamination of streams, rivers and lakes downstream with excess sediments and toxins. One of the most serious examples of excessive sedimentation of the river in the 19th century in the USA was the hydraulic extraction of golden gravel hills on the sides of the Sacramento valley in the period from the 1850s to the early 1880s. This process consisted in directing the water jet at high pressure to the slope, causing the material to be washed down, where the gold could be separated from the gravel and sediment. The sediment was then collected in a ditch or stream, and most were sent to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment, which remained in the riverbed, increased the likelihood of flooding in lower-lying arable fields and cities, and in some areas formed permanent swamps. Part of the sludge spilled onto farmland, where it could cover the standing crop or cover more desirable soil or hinder the plowing. Thus, the conflicting interests of companies that have used hydraulic mining and farmers below the supply chain who have felt the negative effects of these operations are the subject of this almost forgotten Warner 1938 film. <br /> <br /> First of all, we can ask why Warner decided to make this film in a rather bad Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. The story about wheat farmers and miners does not seem to justify the expenses and difficulties associated with filming at that time. The answer seems to be excessive time spent in the cinema, with fanciful colorful clothes and ornaments. Then we can ask why the colorless George Brent was chosen the leading man and the ultimate hero who is to be joined with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needed a charismatic leader to wear it. Even the usually colorful Gabby Hayes, in his small role, seemed extremely toned down. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the seemingly more dramatic last part of the film. The part I saw devoted too much time to creating a complex set of relationships between too many people at the cost of a graphic presentation of the fate of a selected wheat baron and possibly nearby residents of the city and their attempts to deal with their problems with flooding and sedimentation. It had to be more "The Good Earth", released just a year earlier. Maybe it would be suitable for a charismatic leader such as Errol Flynn. Finally, the question is inane. Certainly Warner could have come up with a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold or grain" is short and factual. By the way, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in them that are waiting for mining by other means than hydraulic mining.
