Exploding zeppelins crashing over the Jude Law base of captain "Sky Captain" are an appropriate metaphor describing how really this movie is terrible. First of all, let me say right away that I honestly doubt that Paramount will ever get back the money from the movie. An iconic hit can happen, but only because it is so unusual for what it has not been able to achieve. I can see the studio now. "Let's combine German expressionism from the 1920s and a globtrotical adventure from the 1940s with a modern action movie and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, it will not be a success! Too many false explosions, too many unconvincing dogfighting scenes and too few real moments in which characters are painfully two-dimensional. In the end, why shock and admire one floating aircraft when you can have three, five or one hundred ?! What's more, what could have been a breakthrough movie, seamlessly combining computer-generated images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing setting, will become a flop instead, because it does not meet the most important requirement of any movement using CGI. Simply, the graphics are incredibly weak. From car traffic to aircraft physics in air combat, everything seems to be a bit off. I'm not tricky here. The infant may notice that the car does not slip on the road like a maglev train (unless it's a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who raise your voice in protest, shouting, "This is a stylized movie, it should not be like reality," let me say it. The Lord of the Rings has set the standard for integrating actors with real life with CGI, Starship Troopers set the standard for sci-fi science fiction movies, Rocketeer did a solid job restoring the 1920s back to the Hollywood film portfolio, and Tim Batman Burton created a unique image of New York / Gotham who it has not been repeated yet. Sky Captain can not handle all these movies, it's hard to mention them in the same sentence. Besides, acting is so weak that it behaves badly. So you have it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and get my review. I hope this will discourage all of you from making the same mistake as me.
