When hordes of robots start attacking larger cities, who will stop the madman from attacking? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, the ace of the heavens, struggling with insurmountable, along with his unbearable reporter, ex-girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former aviation partner, captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and World of Tomorrow can look and look like an exciting movie, but it really is boring and disappointing. The duration of the film is 106 minutes, but it seems that it lasts much longer because there is no substance in this film. The visuals were great, and the movie was great at it. However, nothing supports these great visual effects. The film lacks history and interesting characters that make this thing quite boring and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on graphics and spends little time on real history. The movie is like a girl without personality, after a while it gets boring and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. It's just another case of style over the substance. <br /> <br /> Acting is surprisingly medium and it is not their fault because they have very little work. The main reason for watching this movie is Angelina Jolie. However, the ad is quite misleading, and she's only been in the movie for about 30 minutes. Her performance is surprisingly insipid. Jude Law gives good results, although you can expect much more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I really liked. She gives quite a good performance as a mysterious woman and was the only interesting figure in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> The film is not complete, however. There were several "wow" and exciting scenes. They simply were not there. The film simply does not have such a hook to really remember it. Actually, it was pretty bland and it was not too addictive at all. It is a pity that the film was not very good because it had such a promising assumption. After all, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and is not really worth watching. Rating 4/10
