"Sky Captain" can be regarded as a tribute to comics, adventures and movie series, but contains few of the best magic of these genres. One participant claims that the use of the film depends on whether someone recognizes the influence of the movie. I do not think that's the truth. Expectations for movies, novels and series that "Captain" pays homage were completely different. Especially for those who survived these pastimes when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of charm and magnetic attraction of these. Of course, we know that leads will come in and out of scratches, but there must be some tension and drama. At the climax of "Captain" Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent a catastrophe, and before they reach five minutes, they do not go towards the goal. They spend time looking long and unnecessary conversations and contemplating the fallen enemy with 30 seconds of tragedy. Of course, certain conventions are expected to be included, but a good director would have some sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> It is not expected that such films will have "sense". You can expect them to be fun, exciting and have a sense of inner logic. "Captain" is almost gone. Do you remember how winged creatures chase Law and Paltrow and reach the huge chasm that they cross with the bridge from the logs? How is it possible that they are completely safe from these creatures when they reach the other side? They can fly !!! The abyss alone means nothing to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them, so where is the escape? If the land on the other side of the chasm is "forbidden" for flying creatures, the movie did not try to let us know how or why, or even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both gave good performances in the past) played "types", but both were quite flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who proved capable of great nuances) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give "ohum" to their roles, although Omid Djalili seemed to be able to cope a little more if only he had the chance. He did quite a good job, considering how he was wasted. <br /> <br /> The film had a great "look", but CGI is in many ways. CGI works best when used in fantastic situations when it is used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for scientific or magical performances. When it's used to replace natural locations, it's disappointing. There is no real sense of miracle. The CGI mountain has no dignity or a sense of horror and premonition that the real mountain is doing. I know that the project of this movie was quite deliberate and not necessarily look like LOOK real, but should not I PAY that way? Just do not. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and stereotypical scenario ... tribute is not an excuse. Still, if the film had any emotions and dramatic tension, it would still be pleasant. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week, and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but he had everything that Captain did not attract the viewer to his world the most and made us accept his rules and how to be sure sense of what "Sky Captain" definitely does not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to films about comic heroes from the 30's and 40's. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) come to mind as mature for such treatment. Perhaps better, more well-known and fully realized characters who are these characters would give a much better movie. It would be difficult to be worse.
