Following Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, the British film industry was quickly flooded with bad gangster movies in the late 90s and early 00s, which seem even more desperate today than they were then. In one of the best pig pearls in history, Rancid Aluminum manufacturers brazenly crafted the "Best Film of the Century" quote from one review throughout the ad, ignoring the rest of the sentence, indicating that it was only because at the time of writing it was the only recording that appeared in 2000. Looking at it today, it's hard to imagine how it ever came together, combining the cast, which for a short time was considered the cream of Cool Britannia's Lads Mags Brigade ?? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes ?? but now only a turkey guarantee every time in a mixed-up adaptation of the novel by James Hawes. The fact that the plot will never be explained may be due to the possibility that no one really knows what it is or maybe it just does not think it matters. Something to do with Ifans's businessman founded with the murderous Russian ruler of the crime of Steven Berkoff in money laundering or investment program (it's never clear why no one asks) for an injured Irish accountant Fiennes who expects the Russians to kill out Ifans so he can take over the company, which failed. From then on, things become more and more complicated and unexplained. Ifans alternately yells at how horrible his life is when juggling visits to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and the absurdly accented Russian temptress Tara Fitzgerald, Berkoff still says "Bizniss" and "Francis Drake" and Fiennes make a decent Irish accent, proving that just because he played a great writer in Shakespeare in Love does not mean that he is a judge of good writing when it comes to film scripts. When the most convincing performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr , you know that the film is in serious trouble, with Poland behind Russia filled with people with Polish accents and a strange score, which from John Barry pastiche to listening to spaghetti music by Ennio Morricone on the budget of the stylet, fails completely at cool rates, which tends and ends with an interesting overplotted, but almost a plot less bemused by itself, sitting there like a dog in shop with jokes.
