This extremely poor Australian excuse for the film is similar to the Pavlov Dogs Experiment among horrors. Do you remember this famous "conditioned reflex" experiment from school textbooks, right? Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs tend to drool before food actually reaches their mouth, thanks to repetitive procedures stimulating the animal's reflex. Pavlov rang the bell for a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog, and after a while he became restless, excited, and began to drool at the sound of the bell. What the hell does this boring explanation have to do with the dingy and low-budget Aussie slasher flick, I hear you think? Well, the modus operandi of the maniacal killer in "Nightmares" is an exact variant of Pawlow's experiment. Each single murder sequence is preceded by the raw sound and image of the killer breaking the window, because he / she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut the victims. This means that after a short while, inattentive and bored audiences can take a nap and just look up when they hear the sound of broken glass. This way they still do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> When it comes to the quality of "Nightmares" as a movie, I can be very short. It's a cheap, little-inspired and largely imbecile cash-in on the modern popular American slasher movie. In the early 1960s, a four-year-old witness to the cruel death of her mother, when her throat is cut in a nasty car accident. Twenty years later, the same girl? Helen Selleck ?? is a successful stage actress, but still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from terrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. Auditions for the role in the art of black comedy revolves around death and gets a role. Soon after the grand premiere, all those who are even involved in production are killed. What's really delayed is how this movie tries to keep the secret about the killer's identity and motivation, even if the most infantile viewer can understand this after the first murder. I do not think I've ever seen more obvious crime stories than "Nightmares", and the creators should have immediately shown their faces and saved themselves from embarrassment. The murders are clear and very bloody, and there is an unhealthy large amount of unpaid nakedness that "pleases". However, the production values ​​are weak and therefore the film is never shocking or provocative. A few clips that we'll see about the real game makes it seem like it's quite possible that it could be the worst thing ever done on stage. The only positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and gay press critic who are both delightfully sarcastic and offensive to other cast members. "Nightmares" is a terrible piece of exploitative horror, but at least I gave you a golden clue to make it more digestible.
