This film was a real torture party. His first mistake is to treat nuclear energy as such an obvious "bad thing" that he barely has to convince the public. When he disagrees, the participants provide boldly substantiated facts with bated breath; all that is missing is someone crying "when somebody thinks about children!". While watching this movie, I was still thinking, "where did you hear that?" Or "it can not be true" - but little information was supported by any reliable sources. And bless them, "ordinary people" in the film came across Luddites more than people who had any understanding of the advantages and disadvantages of nuclear energy; be honest, it can be the fault of the filmmakers, but equally honestly, it is a condition that shares the rock stars of the movie. <br /> <br /> When it comes to performers ......... .. Now some of these people are very respected musicians whose music I liked and I'm sure that some of them really believed in it . But everyone will come across the huffing old hippies desperately searching for something they could work on. Graham Nash and James Taylor are particularly troublesome. It seems that Nash is trying too hard - it looks like he does not believe in the things he was told about (not that I blame him), but desperate to feel noticed and turned on. James Taylor performs what is supposed to be the wisest "anthem" of the protest, "Stand and Fight", in the most disgustingly cheerful way imaginable. In fact, most performances are quite bland when they are not patronizing. It seems that nobody follows the event, as if it really meant little to them. It is worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall of the Orleans team and responsible for one of the smartest pops of the 70s MOR. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still the One"). It is worth noting because it symbolizes how the cause here does not inspire true passion in music. The cause is probably life or death, but everyone sleeps on their numbers, as if they were playing Catskills. Perhaps with the exception of Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We Almost Lost Detroit" is at least a topic, but delivered with all the satisfaction of a high school student impressed by his "controversy". <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performance raises the pulse; I've never been a big fan of the Boss, but I absolutely smoke, no doubt. Part of me thinks that it was recorded separately, at a different event and assembled in this film, to awaken the audience. Compared to the general vagueness and self-satisfaction here, it's no wonder Bruce was hailed as a rock'n'roll savior. <br /> <br /> But even his performance is limited by a lifetime concert. I do not expect many brilliant camera movements from the movie from the 1970s, but the shots are unnecessarily static, broken only for fractions of seconds by the singer of the reserve singer. Now some of them may be due to the fact that performers are lifeless; and * maybe * filmmakers are more experienced in making documentaries than in concert materials - but all you need to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie made with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> In fact, there are only two things to see in this movie for Springsteen's Springtime performance and a sad snapshot of a deteriorating counter-culture.
