Tania, a mediocre continuation of the successful "Hand of the mummy," probably died Professor Eva Andoheb (George Zucco) preparing his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) on a vengeance mission over the ocean with Kharis mummy (Lon Chaney, Jr., who has no reason to be disguised. any stuntman can do the same credible work that torments and strangles victims) to kill survivors of the Banning family, whom Patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) retrieved the mummified corpse of Princess Ananki from her tomb in Egypt. Andoheb considers this a bizarre act of profanity and wants the family to suffer for such a terrible act against the ancient Egyptian custom. Bey and mummy Kharis find a nice hideout in the cemetery where the High Priest of Karnak can work in disguise. Each full moon Bey will feed Kharisa with a fluid coming from a few leaves of Tana, who will not only keep him alive, but also subordinate his master's wishes. Bey tells Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), and at the same time sets the time for Babe to come back to become a victim # 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox) ​​but does not know that Bey secretly lusts for her fiancé who plans to kidnap her with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because of his father ... he is also the last remaining member of the Banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no chance of Bannings being born. The police must find Kharis and the one who is responsible for his slaughter. Maybe. <br /> <br /> This film is a continuation of HAND set years later, when members of this film, Foran, Ford & Zucco, all appear in "aging" makeup that wrinkles showing gaps at the time Andoheb prepares for Bannings death. The romance of John and Isobel in the cornball seems only to be on this conspiracy, so that Bey would ruin his perfect plan, which was successfully carried out before he dispersed it. And Bey only sees her frolicking with John on the grass ... all the "love at first sight" rubbish really did not wash up for me. Besides, you have a mummy who can kill people with one hand ... is any mummy really so powerful? This film also uses a lot of material from the previous movie to save the budget for this follow-up. There really is not a lot of stories here, and yes, typical for pictures of Universal monsters, even in America, a crowd of people will be kindled ... roaring ... going through Kharis. You know how it will end ... John and the super-mighty Kharis will face themselves in some great mansion with a fire burning around them, and the villain will engulf the flame.
