A few minutes after starting the credits I tuned in to this something on the cable channel, so I did not know who did it at the beginning. The more I saw it, the more I began to think: "Jesus, it looks like Albert Pyun's movie". He was not quite sure of two main reasons: the photography was quite good (and the desert scenery of Utah was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave a funny performance as Simon, a murderous cyborg, but with a certain style and sense of humor. Paulin had to mess up many clever, one-color shooters, because Albert Pyun did not write anything funny or consistent in his career. Unfortunately, Pauline does not have so much time on the screen before he leaves, and the movie is worse. Lance Henriksen, who plays the cyborg of the evil head, growls with his part, as he did in countless other movies like this one. I do not know what Kris Kristofferson is doing in this hell; maybe he wanted to see what the Utah desert looks like and pay for it. He goes through the movie, watching (and sounding) like he just woke up, and actually spends most of the last half of the movie on his back in the tent. Kathy Long, a nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, has a great time, has a great body and does not have a little talent for acting, but it does not matter in a movie like this. This is Albert Pyun's film, full of trademarks that we all got to know and love: mindless and idiotic dialogues, intermittent assembly and the impression that they lost the reel in the middle of the picture and came to the conclusion: "Ah, no one will ever notice. <br /> <br /> Bad, like this movie, is slightly above most of Pyun's other efforts - it's "Citizen Kane" compared to his paralyzing brain "Adrenaline: Feel the Rush", for example. Fights are pretty good, if they repeat (after you get eight or nine guys one by one, you'll notice that you say, "Okay, go for something else"), and Long is very athletic (and as the poster has noted before, he has a great derrière). This is not a good movie from any part of the imagination, but it is not as close to as inconsistent and incompetent as the usual extravagances of Pyuna. You can do worse than hire this movie - no worse, I admit it, but still worse.
