Placed in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs commanded by the ruler. Limitation of the human population. Basically they keep them as farm animals because they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a child, and years passed when she was again face to face with cyborgs, but this time she was saved by the cyborg Gabriel, who was created to destroy all the cyborgs. Job and his men are on their way to gain a largely populated city, while Nea (out of vengeance on the mind) begs Gabriel to train her in killing cyborgs, and she will lead him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> Taniec cyborga / post-apokaliptycznego cheap rental by writer / director Albert Pyun (who created in front of him "Cyborg" and burning "Nemsis" in the same year) is quite a missed piece of garbage with some interesting news. A very low structure enters a threadbare story because the disgusting script is weak, banal and overstated. A refreshing teaser tries to be witty, but almost stinks and becomes comical at unintentional moments. Most of the existing actions are quite pointless and routine. The material could be used for the next polishing, because it was an inspired idea absorbed by lazy inclusions, lack of narrative and almost playful tone. An open-ended conclusion, the cliffhanger is simply too violent, especially since there is no sequel yet. It gives the impression that you run out of money and said, "Time to pack. Let's finish this the next day (or maybe in the next decade). There is no rush. "However, it was rather distracting, mainly due to the fast pace, well-made fight and quick cinematography of George Mooradian, who beautifully captured the visually stunning background. Performances are fair. Kris Kristofferson's dry and steel personality works perfectly when Gabriel and Kathy Long, confident and mentally fit, expertly and aggressively pull off acrobatics. However, her acting is too wooden. The attack on Lance Henriksen gives an appetizing performance of pure ham, like a wicked cyborg leader, Job, who constantly melts saliva. Scott Paulin also plays a lot of fun as one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels who also take care of it. Pyun strikes several exciting sets of martial arts in which brilliant vigor and unpaid slow motion appear. Entering the background is a burning, but mechanically sounding notation. Special effects and makeup effects are good enough. The ability to watch, but not very successful, and its minimal limitations can be the cause.
