I'm usually a fan of Spike Lee. He takes some time to really get into his "mojo", but when you see a clear message and the ability to tell a story close to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike The 25th Hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite movies), this movie did not have a clear history. I managed to understand the fight between Washington and the choice of a good game or the influence of others, but for some strange reason Lee was never able to get a real feeling. Washington did a decent job with what he was told, but you could say it was not Lee's favorite movie. Lee not only directed the film, but also wrote it. You can say. Working with the camera was terrible, and writing contributed only to the breakup of the film. This movie has become full and will not be nice. Lee was not 100% behind the movie, as in "Do the Right Thing". Of all the films I saw directly from Lee, he was the brightest and modest of his films. It was almost as if he created a Hollywood movie instead of one that was his own. I do not know if he saw the money from Do the Right Thing and ran with it or what? but this movie did not show its real talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen this movie and maybe stopped watching something that later made Spike Lee because of the movie, I suggest giving him a chance. Do not get me wrong, I can see exactly where you are from this movie and why you would like to put it behind you, but Lee is growing up. His work becomes more personal and you can see a transformation from wanting to earn money to make good films. It took me some time to watch the 25th hour, but when I did, it was pure brilliance. Perhaps it's actors, maybe history, but Lee has created an amazing movie from one man's journey into the unknown. I think that's what I hoped that Mo 'Better Blues would show. It's really a dark journey to the life of a man who never grew up, but instead I got only Denzel who was Denzel. He really is one of the most versatile actors in this generation and I think he is Sydney Poitier from the cinema, but it was not a movie that showed his talent. the film was the use of Spike's sister in one of his love interests. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think that I could film a sex scene with my sister. I do not care who the actor is or how much money I earn, I would never do it. This is something I never wanted to see, but apparently it's different for Spike. He left and without regret showed his sister's full naked image. It was sad and even made me blush. I also need someone to answer me. What does Flavor Flav do when presenting this movie? So I sit on the couch, ready to start the movie, when suddenly a voice from the past appears describing the studio in which the movie was made, and then admits. It did not build a strong remnant of the story. Again, I felt that Lee was going to make money on this film instead of on real talent. Perhaps in this way he could afford Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without any explosions. <br /> <br /> In this movie there were two great scenes that made it worth watching to the end. Do not get me wrong, it was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every corner. The scene in which Bleek accidentally forgets what woman she is with was hypnotizing. He kept going back and forth, embarrassing the truth in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that probably disappeared in shuffling due to the remaining weak scenes. Another worth watching scene was the way Lee introduced and finished the movie. Keeping the same speed and direction, he was able to bring this tragic character to full circle and give him a chance to change his life. Apart from these two moments, the rest of the movie was clean, not worth watching, unless you're going to be blind. <br /> <br /> Class: ** with *****
