In this micky jazz biography fiction, written and directed by Spike Lee, it often appears boring in the beginning. <br /> <br /> Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is an accidental jazz trumpet who stands at the head of the quintet packing them under The Below Underdog. His problems are an incompetent manager, a scriptwriter who plays the saxophone and two girls with whom he plays a musical mattress. The real love of his life, however, is his trumpet and music. Team manager, Giant, has a dangerous gambling problem and turns out to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and it would be best to throw him out, but Bleek remains loyal as long as possible. This proves his loss as an artist, but he ironically contributes to his growth as a human being. <br /> <br /> As Bleek, Denzell Washington is mistaken as an ambitious trumpeter with an infant on each arm. He is too sweet a guy who focuses so much on his art, distributing patience and love to his close ones with a low key. He just lacks fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson, playing the saxophone, would be much more appropriate for the role, but even he would have to say flaccid prints from Lee's dead dialogue. As a Giant, Lee strikes a trifecta with a fatal execution to match his writing and direction. Loosely trying to reflect the dirty but likable Ratso Rizzo in Joe Bleek's Buck, he takes a moment of inertia and even "I'm going" here with Midnight Cowboy. In this case you would like the taxi to go over and finish it. <br /> <br /> Writer Lee is just a summer quarrel, a heavy, primitive and veiled insult with some required clumsy editorial that Lee has to inject down. Scenes between band members behind the scenes and in the trial lack of spark and are only surpassed by the bleak by Bleek, giant conversations that look ad lib and go over and over. The travesty is supplemented by Lee's pretentious visual style. Tracking photos, zooms and pans is wasted and irrelevant to scenes. They simply wander. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's love letter to jazz (created by the mountains of souvenirs plastered in the whole set) and it's all a sentimental trap that lacks passion and verve. Jazz in the film is better served by Tavernier's "Round Midnight" and Eastwood's "Bird", which go underground, reveal more forms of the form, pain behind her, in addition to offering infinitely better major performances by Forrest Whitaker and the real offer of Dexter Gordon. This Spike Lee Joint does not even offer a mild buzz. It's quite a bad pupil.
