There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie and normal people. Although I admit that I really liked some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can not stand some of them. Incidentally, my opinion is not just a reflexive reaction - I have seen most of Fellini's films, and also saw many films of the most famous directors in the world. With that in mind, I think that the most overrated and irritating directors can be both Godard and Fellini. Both are delighted with the bizarre and often unobservable, yet they have received a lot of praise from reviewers and "intelligensia", while the average person will never sit in some of their films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema would generally be seen in some of these films. So, because only a small clique actually watches their films and is already predisposed to perceive directors as geniuses, it's no wonder that their films are so often praised - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think about Godard's many films, such as FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films abound in boredom, bizarreness and incomprehensibility. Now I'm not saying that the movie can not be weird (after all, I love HAPPY KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be visible! <br /> <br /> Now for this movie. Somehow, Fellini managed to talk about sexually compulsive, totally boring and unbridled man. This is not a small task - it took a lot of work to make it impossible to watch. Instead of cheap sexual emotions, sexual acts are choreographed in a stupid and annoying way, while Casanova's character is buried under so many makeup and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know that some of them must have been Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be completely bored with this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are poorly called Italian, so neither looks nor sounds like it! Unfortunately, when the movie is not packed into these boring sexual escapades, there really is nothing else to watch. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this boring movie is that the actress looks amazing as the younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Given that in addition to the fact that in previous decades Fellini had Masina playing characters like a prostitute and a terribly abused woman, it looks like he could really hate his wife and have it on screen. I have read a little about them and their turbulent relationship and it seems to me that it also confirms it. It's the only aspect of this turbulent movie that I find interesting at all. Do not say I did not warn you!
