The accusation of aggravating sexual assault along with other unpleasant peccadillas, including improper use of the broom, is against half a dozen of the most popular junior high school students in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by the "slightly retarded" student (Heather Matarazzo). The investigation and construction of the case are forwarded to the district attorney's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz rule. <br /> <br /> Rumors about the case are spreading in Glen Ridge, a suburb of a higher middle class where jokers are loved by everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) No one believes in Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take such a whore to the basement, raped her and subjected her to sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to shape a sufficiently convincing case that they can lead the jockeys to trial. Matarazzo is not a perfect plaintiff. She desperately wants love and friendship, which makes it easier for her fake friends to mislead her. A slimy reporter says, "You can trust me," but it turns out that you can not trust the reporter. Another student, a very popular girl at school, is pulling Linda Tripp on Matarazzo, pretending to be her sincere friend, but she is constantly asking her questions about the incident - and recording the results! As a consequence, watching this story is like being on a roller coaster. At first, it looks like a good thing to Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the community organizes itself against the law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter interferes. Then this obstacle will not be overcome because Linda Tripp stabs her big nose into the investigation and makes the tapes appear to indicate that Matarazzo is lying. (Well, she actually lied - but she lied to the interrogator to please her.) Then it is defeated, but Matarazzo opposes the position, because he does not want to be characterized as "delayed". Eric Stoltz is doing well in the prosecutor's part. I say this for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago more or less at the same time. (I hope he was not a child with whom I had an argument at the Seaside Club bar.) If he was, I receive my compliment.) Ally Sheedy is a strange actress and it's difficult to characterize her. She did a wonderful, reserved work in Fine Art, but I did not feel any particular effort put into this role, which was still quite formal. That is to say, neither she, nor Stoltz, nor anyone else could give a daring performance in what is basically a comic story. <br /> <br /> The producers and director had a good sense of choosing Heather Matarazzo as the victim. The worst thing they could do was throw an ethereally charming, neotenic blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, being not at all ugly, looks rather ordinary, and the usual quality complements her care and makeup. The writers have not turned her sorrow and delicacy away. He has temperament and sometimes irritates to listen to what is good for <br /> <br /> Matarazzo is the best drawn hero of the movie. Jokes are stereotypes. Pure evil. They think about themselves beyond the law, they come up with some nice party in East Orange, they cost this place during a party much worse than the "La Dolce Vita orgy" and they will leave without explanation or apology. They deserve to get him around the neck - and they do it. <br /> <br /> I called it a history of comics and that's exactly what it is. It does not undermine any of our prejudices. It confirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubts who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just rhetorical - is a film almost exactly like this dozen others, but in which the victim LYING, to get her name and photo in the newspapers and collect all those lusts of sympathy from a right-thinking people like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on a true story, like many others we've all seen, and even more fictional features. (Eg "Accused.") Some are good, some are strictly routine. Fine. Rightly. Now, when we see a film about the case of Bewley, in which a teenage girl disappeared for a few days, then ordered her to undress her, tie her and brush her with dirt, so she can claim she was kidnapped and raped by the police? Now, it would be a challenge, in a sense, simply not.
