Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the good intentions of filmmakers to make a film about white supremacy, the inconsistencies of his main character, Bronson Green, an aspiring New York actor who easily became fake, make it difficult to take this story seriously. Green, who is constantly rejected by Los Angeles casting agents for being outdated (ie Too New York, when the 1980s is looking for big, blond and stupid), thinks that success comes easily when he is willing to give up falsification of your image. Unfortunately, the new attitude of dyeing hair and calming the surfer gives him the opportunity to work with the Church in Jericho, who follows the white supremist teaching of the Aryan nation. Green wants to easily forget about his past, and especially turn his back on his young black friend for ten years to become the new spokesperson for the Church. It does not make sense, because initially it is the main character of our character. It is this sudden and loose change of character, combined with a sudden return to the hardened, possessed by DeNiro (as his character of a taxi driver) a character who is able to fight black characters. A noble rehearsal of filmmakers, but ultimately revealing itself as something serious. <br /> <br /> Other characters are quite annoying, and what we have to recognize in them comes too easily - the psychotic paranoia of the church leader, the selfish girlfriend of the actress (the first girl Bronson has when she is in LA), and a new blond girl whose hero lacks such a great development, she is mostly just walking, speaking invalidate. We should simply see them in moments when something random forces us to make assumptions about characters. But none of them develops. <br /> <br /> Another problem associated with this movie is the godless amount of time in which characters are involved in very few important activities. A significant part of the beginning, of course, is about introducing heroes, and later we see Bronson's difficulties with breaking into the acting scene of L.A. and frustration resulting from constant rejection. But after he willingly changes his appearance and personality to be accepted, there is at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes of wasted film in which little is happening. <br /> <br /> The films that are looking to pay attention to the irrational fears behind racism were not done with sufficient credibility.
