Seriously - avoid this movie at all costs. I just saw it in my first "preview" ever and although I paid non-returnable money for it, I left the cinema after only 15 minutes. Which already contains 2 minutes of discussion among my friends, whether to leave or not. I left the movie for the first time. And I experienced some very bad ones. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies that are dubbed (and wrong), even though they are displayed in the original language. It is based on the oldest, simplest and cheapest jokes in the book. In the army ("What do we do when we reach the battle zone?" - "Get out of the car and die", in fact it is much more fun to read here that it was in the movie), about drugs (the guy eats "cosmic cookies", behaves really stupid and misses his wedding or must survive it when it is high - everything is badly written and acted), about women in the army ("Why do we only get trumpets? guns!" - "Yes it is, it will be so" ) ... Argh. Okay, maybe you really think they're really funny, but in this case you're seriously scaring me. <br /> <br /> In addition, I've seen better acting in the kind of soft porn movies you get on European television late at night. So he had bad jokes (badly issued), except for the lower average game, lack of pace, badly named and edited? It just does not work. At least not at any level used as a measure for movies. <br /> <br /> I would even be so brave to say that this movie proves that there are people who can be a lot less fun with Germee. And that says something if you like stereotypes. (Which I do not have, it's fun to play with them in case someone thinks I'm not enough PC.) Instead of watching this movie, do something useful. Try to learn how to crochet shrimps, paint nails in a really irritating color, dismantle the bike, change some light bulbs, try to understand Einstein's theories, convert to another religion and back - go and listen to "Last Christmas" by Wham! on an endless repetition. Whatever, but do not watch this horrible movement.
