This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not watch this movie, but if you insist on wasting time, you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are Brothers and Sisters; to live together in the eyes of others as a man and a wife. No sex, but everything else. At the beginning, the film begins with the theme: "the most absurd thing in the most absurd moment in which you guessed the most absurd reactions". Gray and Sam decided to check out the dog park with the borrowed dog. Instead, push her brother to make the skinny woman the first woman they see him do, and get into difficult questions. When he signals to his brother that he appears, they begin a 3-day date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is a girl of THEM dreams, like all the right things, etc.? The final itself hits Gray on the head and the couple ends the date with a marriage proposal! That Charlie accepts! In a week, Charlie, Gray and Sam will be in Vegas. The next week, Charlie and Gray are shopping for wedding dresses (apparently Charlie has a figure outside the store). Gray tugs a frozen latte when Charlie suggests that Gray is also trying on some dresses and choosing a $ 10,000 dress for her. While Charlie buttoning her in the dress "donate to the house", Gray is still turning into a latte (I swear it was like a sack for feed). What should happen, but "woops!" Latte on the whole dress. It was never explained how they came out of the Bloomingdale wedding salon without a $ 10,000 mocha bathrobe. Back to reality' ?? Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They have a "roll room" (Sam is a resident surgeon, and Charlie is a zoologist intern? Did they get all that money?) Gray throws Sam into a single room in the hall, so she and Charlie can have a bachelor guess that drink-a- thon are kissing. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers. They go to the wedding chapel and right after the Reverend reaches his line "If there is anyone who has any reservations about the relationship between these two lovebirds", Gray gets hiccups. Gray is excused, for some reason Reverend must repeat his last line and again in the queue "hiccups". Gray returns to NY and starts dating every man he meets, literally. And of course you guessed one of them again! Gay. The second is a moron, and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. She is hurt by Gray, but her feelings do not return. They become great friends. This is good because when she comes with Sam clean about a kiss. He blows up and throws her out of the apartment. When Sam comes to her, she goes to her office. Gray works at an advertising agency. This office is in the middle of the twilight zone. In all conference rooms there are cameras and microphones that are broadcast to all computer monitors in the agency. Sam gets gray in one of the conference rooms for a very private conversation and ends with a release to the entire office. At this point, I doubt whether the team was gay or lesbian: Gordy comes to her help and convinces her to a lesbian bar. "Sorry, there are no men," says the goalkeeper. So Gray and Gordy are coming back with Gordy. Bad resistance. He was in a sleeveless black satin blouse, a string of pearls, and a grandma's church hat. No lesbian would ever mistake this "man in dress" as a drag queen much less a woman. The bar was also a simple fantasy of a man about what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything turns out to be peach? goes home with a client of his company. Gray happens to be on the account of a woman and finally does more than kiss. For some reason nobody tells Charlie anything, and she is oblivious to the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but this is for the continuation.
