I had to get out of the movie fifteen minutes from the end ... I went through the linking scene and immersed myself in pure boredom. What really scares me, I mean it really bothers, is that there are people who refer to this pointless wandering as "delightful" or "must see." I would feel a deep pity for those so affected, if not for the clear impression that most of the positive comments about this shallow and humorless parody were written by industrial plants. <br /> <br /> The truth is that it's a lame movie that does nothing to entertain or enlighten. It is definitely obscene, badly written and has the whole pace and energy of cold canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer, it's best to say that it was a missed opportunity because I read the summary before I looked at it, I expected something more demanding. Possible erroneous interpretations of the close interdependence of brother and sister, unexpected awakening of "sister" sexuality and comical potential in such competition with siblings (for the feelings of the same girl) were obvious themes of refreshing comedy exploration, which however frustratingly moves away from. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is subjected to a meandering series of uninspired and vaguely drawn situations, with clichés and boring performances of the cast fighting for faith and, of course, the need for a much tighter direction. The lack of directing control seems amazing; on the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek give very spectacular performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the latter in particular - are inclined towards embarrassing overcompensation. You could blame the director - maybe Sue Kramer is hoping that if her actors act, they will make the audience laugh more. But on the other hand the cast is a veteran; one would expect them to do better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what films he wants to make and for whom. Given the possible issues that Gray Matters refers to, and given her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of comedy, perhaps she should consider writing dramas. I know it is never easy to make films about women and women's problems, especially when it's hoped to reach a wider audience than just women, but no matter what direction you pick, inconsistent and frail characters like Gray are not going to cut the mustard.
