Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are devoted siblings who share a flat and love many things - social dance, movie musicals from the 1940s and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by his new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters turns out to be one of the darkest movies I've ever seen. It is boring, predictable, ridiculous, poorly preserved and poorly written. Nothing in it was real and everything was very cheesy. In addition, it is not a real romantic comedy with a special twist of action, but more like a "coming out movie". Sue Kramer tried to make the first half charming with romantic things, and the other half serious with the actual acceptance and the upcoming part. Unfortunately, she failed. The first half was largely unpleasant and only Heather Graham was able to stop it a bit. Then the film took on an awkward tone and became serious. Serious scenes were treated badly, and all emotions felt false. <br /> <br /> I think I would enjoy the movie a bit more if the relationships between the characters were more authentic. The relationship between brother and sister was very weak and did not seem so close. Their relationship was simply not natural. In addition, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very unnatural. If two people get married after they get to know each other for less than a week, you'd expect a little more excitement, but the characters talked about getting married in Vegas the same way you ask the waiter what the promotions are. The film lacked emotions and it was difficult to get involved in a movie with such unmotivated characters. <br /> <br /> Acting was mostly weak, which was a bit surprising given the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the film. She was funny and had a few lovely scenes, but it's a pity that all her stars were a complete misfire. Bridget Moynahan was very weak, and her performance sounded false at every level. Besides, it seemed that he was reading his poems. Thomas Cavanagh was quite wooden and showed no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist and caused damage to the film because their relationship was false. Usually, I can count on Molly Shannon to be fun in the supporting role, but here she was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and made them both nervous. Finally, Alan Cumming was just an embarrassing figure, and his performance was not very good. In general, Gray Matters is a lame movie and is not worth watching. Rating 3/10
