When you watch a movie as stupid as "Hot Rod", do you have to sit back, relax and change your intellectual ability to such a state? what is in this case a state weak enough to endure mindless nonsense that somehow has been mistaken for comedy. With a short working time of 88 minutes, this movie was long drawn and buried under a package of recurring jokes? jokes that appeared in the minority and were not even funny. The "Hot Rod" basic material is as superficial and insignificant as the cult hit "Napoleon Dynamite" from 2004, although it is much more sophisticated and has no laughter. In fact, the glaring desperation of the film, which can be compared to "Napoleon Dynamite", is contemptuous and offensive, and left me unnoticed, instead of just being annoyed. <br /> <br /> The film, if it was forced enough to call, is such a miserable story that sets before us the self-proclaimed stunt rider Kimble, with the trivial intention of jumping fifteen buses (one more than his idol Evel Knievel jumped up, so Rod) and gathering $ 50,000 for his upcoming life-saving operation of a stepfather; all this so that he could fight with his stepfather, once recovered and gain respect? because to gain respect, you must first fight them. What? Anything. Each character is not more interesting than Rod's mustache, and from the initial joke of the movie to its absurd conclusion, each scene played like a nonsensical and terribly preposterous SNL skit ?? which, along with an additional 85 minutes, is basically what "Hot Rod" tries to be. <br /> <br /> The movie star, Andy Samberg, put an effort into the screen that every last drip of his comedic skills noticeably exerted. Unfortunately ?? rather realistically? his humoristic talents are no longer more admirable than a five-year-old who talks about his exhausted joke, which contains innocently raw stacks and piss. And if this is a disappointment, pull the chair, hide your face in your hands and get ready for a real blow: IS THE humor of the film! To save them from mortification, I gladly overlook the ghastly roles of Samberg's roles and leave the second third of The Lonely Island, director Akiva Schaffer, his non-existent talent as a director? or comedian. Essentially, any thing that can be done to further trample a comedy from an emergency course is perfectly illustrated here; and done so arrogantly, as if the movie was more fun this way. Deceive yourself to believe that there is even one laugh in this pile, or treat yourself to another movie? ANY other movie.
