This film can not decide if its message is: "people are bad, bad, animals are sweet and impeccable" or "never go into water again". Fisherman (Nolan) is going to catch a killer whale, a very bad thing, but when accidentally (Significantly marks you) will get pregnant cows instead of his partner, a cow - and I use that word in all senses - which is obviously a sick son of a bitch and a canonical villain of this work - he throws himself at the propellers, trying to chew himself to pieces in the most disturbing and hideous, not to mention the ineffective method of killing. (I doubt it would be her first.) When her unborn fetus interrupts the abominable wounds inflicted on herself, the partner will take revenge and swear to hurt, kill and maim any man who talks so much with Nolan. Of course, just like in people, the total psychos meets other total psychos. <br /> <br /> The film reeks of half-thought anti-human news: "poor poor whale !! evil people must suffer and die! " and yet it is impossible to demonize Nolan at all. It is true that when he presented his motives, he was selfish and cruel, but in the first whale's first squeak grows his heart, and as the film progresses, he becomes more and more compassionate to the whale pain, until it seems he will go out on the ice and give himself up to the whale to feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The last film journey, in which Nolan follows the whale into a bizarre journey north, reminds me of Melville's amazing combination with a man-whale and for a moment pointed to a really interesting conclusion in which these two husbands can to connect, to understand each other respect in their sadness, because Nolan lost his wife and unborn child also in case. Sure, Nolan respects the whale and feels he lost. However, it never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The last scene loses this focus and becomes similar to the Jaw, where the sea monster finally kills everyone, and Nolan and undoubtedly by omission, fails to chomp up the whale-hugger (so that he made a good starter for her head a little earlier.) I love animals, and I hate whaling, and what's more, I love whale whales, but if the purpose of this movie was to make me feel that the whale was a victim and that people are angry and disgusting, it completely failed. Nolan has compassion and growth and he feels for others, and the whale thinks about killing and maiming. <br /> <br /> The only news you can leave is: "If you see a whale whale, always and everywhere, run the other way, because if you run into its FINAL in the wrong way, it hunts to the ends of the earth, destroying everything around you.
