Many have claimed that Orca ?? Killer Whale is a ripping jaw. This is not true, although the huge commercial success of Szczęk undoubtedly made these vv. Beast stories more attractive proposals for filmmakers in the second half of the '70s. Orca ?? The Killer Whale will be better described as the modern tread Moby Dick. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, the obsessive pursuit of a whale to avenge the partner's death; on the other - the obsessive quest of the bounty hunter to kill the whale before he can get more life. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale turns out to be a very disappointing movie, its fundamentally interesting ideas are somewhat ruined by hammy and ridiculous scheming. <br /> <br /> Nolan shark hunter (Richard Harris) meets Rachel Bedford (Charlotte) Rampling) diving on the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their encounter almost ends with a catastrophe when Rachel's team is attacked by the Great White Shark, but Killer Whale arrives just in time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan becomes more and more obsessed with getting Orc and selling him an aquarium. But his plans have the opposite effect when he accidentally kills a pregnant woman of the genre, while a desperate man looks at her. Rachel tells Nolan that the Orca is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and feelings, just like a human. Worse, the native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember his grief and will do everything in his power to take revenge. Nolan initially tries to forget about the whole regrettable incident, but the whale wreaks havoc on the fishing town, and the unsatisfied locals are beginning to demand that Nolan go out to sea to track him down and destroy him. Ultimately, Nolan is forced to race Killer Whale ?? the hunt leads up to the desolate ice floes of the Arctic Ocean, where man and the beast fight their final deadly battle. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this video. One of them is the haunting result of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all time, his talents were wasted on various ten-foot clusters in the 1970s and 1980s). The second is the amazing panoramic photography of Ted Moore, which makes the film always pleasing to the eye. In every other section, Orca ?? Killer Whale is a tacky movie that does not improve the reputation of his talented cast and crew. Harris seems very ill throughout the movie, his hair is wrinkled, the black rings around his eyes and the skin are deadly pale. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling strikes sexy poses, but does not convince with his long and uninformed explanations about whale methods. The rest of the actors are wasted in short and undeveloped roles, of which the most memorable is Bo Derek, who the vengeful whale bites her leg. The plot is a complete nonsense from the beginning to the end, with such ridiculous sequences as a whale deliberately starting a fire in a fishing village that absorbs and destroys a local refinery! Although it is plausible to suppose that whales are intelligent beings with real emotions, the idea that a whale could take revenge on a single human opponent and conduct it so scrupulously is completely absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is really one of the compliments for the people of .vs. Beast cycle from the late 70's. Most will leave the movie shaking their heads in disbelief and grinding their teeth in despair.
