Orca begins as the crunching Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew try to capture the Great White Shark so they can sell it for big money, unfortunately when the unfortunate marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) is attacked by him Shark is killed by Killer Whale, which increases the interest of Nolan Killer Whales and decides that he wants to catch one of them. However, trying to do so, he catches a pregnant woman and inflicts her injuries to the extent that she interrupts her unborn fetus on the deck, causing a mess and enrage her partner, Nolan orders the Whale to be dropped back into the sea, what's happening. The Killer Whale male gets upset by at least saying and kills one of Nolan's crews before they reach the dry land in Newfoundland, Canada, when Killer Whale carries out a series of attacks on the city and its people, trying to lure Nolan back into the sea to fight to the death. .. <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson I thought it was a terrible scuffing, it was awful, I'm sorry, but I thought it was just ridiculous and totally boring even in modest 90 odd minutes. The screenplay of producer Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati is so stupid that I lost myself for words, the fact that it seems to be taking seriously, it does not help, and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, continue how smart the Killer Whale are, I will shout again . I'm sorry, but I just do not believe that the Orca is intelligent enough to know who the concrete boat belongs to and sink it, I do not believe that the Orca can cause a huge explosion, including turning the oil lantern off the wall on the opposite side, because there is no way on earth to know that it is there, I do not believe that Orka can identify someone's home, know that someone is there and then deliberately destroy him, I do not believe Killer Whale can move icebergs to imprison the boat, I do not believe that Killer Whales can recognize people physically and I do not believe they have any instincts for revenge, or at least not ones that are as strong as this stupid movie. Maybe I'm a bit harsh, it means it's just a movie, but it's a movie that tries to be serious and things have become so absurd that I expected Killer Whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and hand (did can it be a fin?) deliver it, the thing seemed smart enough to do anything. They should have asked him to come up with a cold remedy! Seriously, this statement is not far-reaching than anything else in this movie. I think that the movie is very boring, completely boring and has a terrible character without being on the screen. It is obvious that this is the rip-off of Jaws (1975), which does not even come close to the Spielberg classics. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is not Spielberg, that's for sure, this junk movie has absolutely no tension, horror, tension or atmosphere at all. All attack scenes are just as boring as dish washing and completely forgotten, there is no building for them and there is virtually no payment because Orca can not eat a single person. Then there are scenes that literally made me laugh, the Killer Whale pictures that seem to cry are pure comedy, and the initial scenes of the two Killer Whales that I suspect have tried to show them as a "loving" and "caring" pair, but I could not help but think that this is the nearest time for lethal porn. The material from Killer Whales is bland and boring, instead of a film material that fits and enhances scenes around it, it looks like a gloomy documentary about wild nature that has nothing to do with anything else. Do you have the impression that I do not like this movie? Good. Forget about any gore or decent death, there is also a short scene in which Bo Derek has his legs off, but he blinks and you will miss it. <br /> <br /> He probably had a pretty big budget and it still sucks, in Orca there is nothing extraordinary, it is well done, but I suppose it is flat, insipid and completely forgotten. The photos, however, are quite nice. Acting is bad, Rampling is terrible, and the Irish accent of late Harris is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a bad trick by Jaws, who completely ignores or disturbs everything that makes Spielberg's movie so good, it's one for bad movie buffs everywhere. I definitely do not recommend, though not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
