Recently, I watched this movie on the Hallmark channel. In my opinion, the film started fairly decently, but in the end it became sour. <br /> <br /> History: An American soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards that a woman from the USA sent to the army at Christmas. He is so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels that he gave him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, motivation to continue. After leaving, he goes to the city where the woman lives. He meets a young woman and learns that she sent a Christmas card. He meets his family and after saving his father (a veteran of the Vietnam War) before hitting the car while crossing the street, the family decides to take him for a while. We learn that there is no family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the holiday season, working with them in a company that harvests timber. The family begins to love him and vice versa. The soldier falls in love with the daughter of the family - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. He already has a serious relationship with a man he falls in love with. It is also a distance relationship. The boy is very different from a soldier. He prefers wine and trips to France for hard work and great views. The woman prefers the latter. In the rest of the movie is a "love triangle", because the boyfriend of the woman returns to the city, visiting her this season. It seems that everyone in the family wants their daughter to be a soldier, and mother basically wants what's best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** A woman likes a soldier more and more because she has a lot in common. They spend a lot of time together. Gradually, he attracts his personality. Then one day he kisses her and she kisses him. Now she is so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him sometime, but she liked the soldier so much. Soon the boy (who does not know about the kiss, but is very caring for the woman and thinks that the soldier tried to enter her) decides to propose to the woman, and she agrees. His marriage plans, however, are not the plans he wants. I want to be at home, have children and be close to my family. I want to travel the world, go to exotic places and if they have children, I want to take them with me. It does not sound too exciting for a woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he did and does not want to make the situation worse. He decides to leave the city, even though Dad urges him to stay and be with his daughter. It all ends when we learn in Christmas Eve with the church that the soldier has not yet left. The boy and the woman are talking to each other outside, and he, with a broken heart, basically decides to let her go and break up with her. The film ends with a woman and a soldier. <br /> <br /> Things I like: I like the soldier most of the movie. He is basically kind and polite, with a strong sense of doing good to others; there are times when the family goes with the Church and participates in charity; the family holds hands and prays during the evening meal at the table; father and mother have a long-lasting and evidently healthy marriage; the soldier is trying to do the right thing after he did something very bad <br /> <br /> Things that I do not like: in this movie there is a very typical story of a "love triangle"; the soldier becomes sour when he slowly and subtly enters the woman and then kisses her when she has a boyfriend; the majority of family members applaud this behavior - the family goes with the Church and participates in services, but this is what they do; there is some bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed when the film lasted, and it was getting worse. It ended with a quick transmission of the very end of the movie because I had enough. The film began with decent jewels for a few moments, but it ruined itself. That's why I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
