THE FBI STORY (1959) is Warner Bros. 149 minutes of epic homage to the famous crime agency! A somewhat hard-working scenario by Richard L. Green and John Twist, which was only directed by a little talent of Mervyn Le Roy, comes from the book of Don Whitehead. However, he had excellent color photos of Joseph Biroc and a helpful result of the musical magician of Max Steiner's studio! <br /> <br /> The film shows the history of the office from its beginnings in the 1920s to the present and it can all be seen through the memories of an aging picky agent, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart), who talks about his investigative experiences - in retrospection - the classroom of young aspiring young agents. But everything is very long and episodic! As the progress begins, it looks like a mini TV series, and not a big movie production, because young Hardesty is leading an American range of crime, for example, such famous crime characters as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger etc. For sorting break out of wicked organizations such as Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spy rings and the Red Threat. And here it must be said that only for the presence on screen and the attractiveness of his star THE FBI STORY would probably end up a forgotten catastrophe. What's more, this is another problem with the photo - Stewart should be the whole film almost alone! With the exception of Very Miles - who has the ungrateful role of being his long-suffering but devoted wife - he is surrounded by a cast of small players! All the time you're expecting someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance and even Raymond Burr to be welcomed as a gangster, police chief or anything else. But nothing as imaginative as ever! Detriment! <br /> <br /> The film, however, well reflects the functioning of the Bureau! With the help of Stewart's narration, we learn about thousands of men and women who work for an organization that includes hundreds of agents in the field. We are also treated as looking into the headquarters, where there is a gigantic section of records, and we also see chemists and fingerprint experts who are meticulously passing their daily duties. <br /> <br /> Another plus of the film is Max. Unusual Steiner's result! Hearing of the titles is a powerful, thrilling and determined march, and for the milder moments is an attractive love theme. But it's quite ingenious is the menacing and sinister theme of the march for the Ku Klux Klan sequence. And even better is rhythmic Latin American music, which the composer wrote for South American scenes, especially the exciting Fandango, as well as orchestrations for the arrival of federal troops on horseback. THE FBI STORY was one of the five scores written by the composer in 1959, including Samuel Bronston's naval epic "John Paul Jones", charming Rom-com "Cash McCall", delightful western Delmer Daves "Hanging tree" and Daves "A Summer Place "From which the Young Love theme originated - which was to become a serious hit for Steiner, more known as" Theme From A Summer Place ". <br /> <br /> THE FBI STORY almost passes the transmission as a movie thanks to the rich coloring of Biroc cinematography, great music by Steiner and of course Jimmie Stewart, who makes everything possible to watch! <br /> <br /> A classic, but unbelievable line from THE FBI STORY ............. As Neuter Nick Adams (who has just dropped a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother) he is led out in handcuffs and turns to the arresting officer and blurs: "In case I get a message, you can send her to Canyon City prison for next month or later - then you can send him to HELL." Wow!
