It's a fascinating movie - especially for old cinema and historian lovers (I'm both). In the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, black Americans were not usually admitted to white theaters. As a result, the theaters serving the black public wanted to show films reflecting the Black experience and showing black actors. In many cases, the films were essentially similar to the story, like the standard Hollywood tariffs, but with a much lower budget - and usually terrible production values. You really can not blame movie makers - they just did not have the money and resources available for the average film company. As a result, they had to bear much less - including over-reliance on stock market actors who saw it again and again, lack of money to re-record scenes and the need to quickly record movies! This film tried very hard to be a black version of the Gene Autry movie - Herb Jeffries performed instead. Jeffries was a light-skinned man from mixed ancestors and appeared in several similar cowboy movies. He sings a little in each of them, fights a bit (although VERY weak) and loves a bit - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general thread was indistinguishable from the image of Autry - along with anachronistic items such as phones from the West! The problem is that despite the similarities, a low budget is visible. Stymie (with Li'l Rascals) flubbed a few lines, but they just left it, the battle scenes were totally missed and were among the worst ever in the movie, there were strange holes, there was background music (the movie went strangely silent), and the acting was terrible. <br /> <br /> Now this does NOT mean that the film is not worth seeing - only that it has technical problems that prevent it from getting a higher result. One reviewer, oddly enough, has made this film 10 times! How can it be with all the problems, it's beyond me. However, I can understand the person who likes the movie despite many problems. The plot is quite good, sympathetic characters, excellent music numbers and you know that people making the film tried so hard AND it's a very important piece of American history. But 10!? <br /> <br /> By the way, in a somewhat bizarre style, very tall, slim and almost white-skinned Jefferies is connected to the short, dingy and extremely dark Mantanu Moreland .... as his brother !! In addition, Spencer Williams may be known to you. He played Andy on the TV "Amos' n Andy."
