Although there are fragments in this four-part document pointing to the need for drug law reform, they are not well developed, unlike many of those who believe that drugs that are currently illegal are a scourge for which the only possible the idea of ​​the solution is to imprison even those who are guilty of even having such drugs. <br /> <br /> While this program as a whole leaves the viewer feeling that the drug war is largely futile exercise and waste of money, and therefore deserves praise, almost nothing in this document addresses the very real problems that total war against those who only have illegal drugs, of course causes and contributes to - very real problems that the most drug warriors would tell you, if they are asked, think that the drug war is to be solved. For example, while many minutes are spent on the rapid increase in violence associated with the growing popularity of crack in the 80s, at no point does this program even suggest that crack-promoting laws alone prevent drug dealers from enforcing their contracts and business arrangements in the courts, forcing them to use violence to conduct business. But instead of perceiving law as an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to take on the burden of guilt. Unexplained prohibition of alcohol, resulting violence and subsequent reversal of the ban are completely ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help to preserve the funny stereotypes of drug users and it is the main force in leading a very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of including drugs other than alcohol for a happy and successful life is not really touched. Using any excess drugs is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users make their drugs excess, just as not all alcohol users are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want from someone's point of view who believes that adults have a moral right not to be imprisoned and that their lives will not be ruined by the justice system only for using drugs that the government, from the most highly arbitrary Political reasons, not for reasons based on sound social policy and legal science, decided to completely ban, whose users decided not to fight metaphorically, just forget about it. Nothing here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is not a category of anti-narcotics propaganda. This is mainly an interesting, neutrally depicted drug history in the twentieth century in the United States, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. However, there is a significant element in the views of different people regarding drug law, and most of them (but not all) are not well thought-out or well-informed and are inclined towards the mentality of drug warriors, especially regarding drugs other than marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, along with the often severe punishments that damage life, is not, of course, the only answer or the most appropriate answer to every single social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this country so far unnamed a disease whose main symptoms are lack of imagination in relation to social policy with regard to certain drugs, lack of compassion for other people, prejudice against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government, perhaps interest in the development of the prison / police industry and terrible apathy in relation to human dignity. It is a moral evil to kidnap or imprison people, unless you have a hell of a good reason for it, and the mere possession of an arbitrarily chosen group of drugs is certainly not the reason. This is really the most important problem when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, all in all, the parts of this program that neutrally present the story without giving stereotypes of drug users who are at the heart of the drug war mentality is quite good, interesting and fun. But when it comes to presenting a rational, not radical point of view regarding drug policy and giving viewers examples of not only people with drug problems, but also many people who successfully include drugs in a happy and successful life, this is quite disappointing.
