I almost saw it in real cinema (home cinema, no less!), But I could not get there during the whole week in which he played, but yesterday I finally saw him on the cable and ... well .... I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: YET ANOTHER BOMB! When will this woman learn? When will the studies learn? (Or maybe they already have it, since this movie has been largely abandoned, with small fanfares and deadly words). One can hope that directing by her talented husband who created an interesting and / or terribly funny job would bring the same quality that Madonna showed in "Desperately Seeking Susan"; unfortunately, it simply should not be, because here it is, at its worst: extremely convinced of its own size, satisfaction pervading every frame in which it is located, all the more unbearable by its shaky Faux-British accent, an accent which only emphasizes the fact that her speaking voice is immature in quality and is not particularly pleasant. It may sound unnecessarily cruel, but LISTEN to a woman, and LOOK for her films, say, in the last decade: as in Bette Davis in the last days, there is an infallible fragility not only of her carriage, but also of the face and body that here, despite the warm photography displayed in the whole film (perhaps the only salutary grace) is not available. I must admit that the whole thing is so wrong that one can wonder whether the best actress in the world can do something about this mess on his best day. Nobody is taking part in the escape unscathed: Bruce Greenwood seems to have a pain that is on the screen, although poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to wear herself as if she was really good at something, which kept me thinking: "Denial is not just river in Egypt! "Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, the star of the Italian original" Swept Away ... ", is like his father before him, extremely attractive and not completely angry (despite having been nominated for Razzie for" The Worst Actor ") ), but, like almost everything else in this production, everything goes back to Madonna, whose arms are the fault. Why her? Why is not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Only who you thought about this remake? What actress would not like almost every shot of the movie was focused on it, and only the relative did not share the screen? oh yeah, Ritchie deserves some guilt: surely he - or someone - EVERYONE! - He should have been able to put down aside his advantage and insisting on something bordering on REAL FEELING in her line readings (because her performance is so wooden that surprise, the rest of the cast did not get shards) or at least showed the appearance of heat ... but seems immune to anything other than cinema Black hole. In addition to everything else, this is strictly a vanity project for her star, so she ultimately is responsible for it. Film like this, "Odd Couple" -ish, war of classes, should be light and funny, with clues that can bounce off witty, even romantic dialogue, because what else can a movie whose plot includes two different people who they were trapped, really? Honestly, I do not think anyone involved knows exactly what he's aiming for; he does not succeed in comedy (I oppose you to laugh at once) or romance (a routine Madonna princess excludes ANY chemistry). It is not even bad enough for us, lovers of bad movie to enjoy. A real shame ...
