For years, Madonna tried to prove not only herself, but also the public opinion that she can act. Unfortunately, by trying too hard without breaking your own personality, it does not mix well. <br /> <br /> It seems that it is better when it is NOT the star of any movie: if you watch it in supporting performances at DESPERATELY SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or THE PROPERTY LEVEL (1992), it actually goes well. Because history revolves around other actors, the burden of expectations is removed from its arm by default. <br /> <br /> The problem starts when she is asked for a movie star regardless of the genre. Being the subject of a story that must be told in a visual way, regardless of whether it is good, average or ordinary horrible, it must emote it in a way similar to the real performance of the movie, in contrast to video performance. This is the main difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis, or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the movie was to fail (because the visual story did not have a certain effect because we were connected to it, or because the script did not work, or because the actress was not in itself at the moment), it would appear something extra in their performances that would raise a movie from the position of a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette, who had a longer career than Streep, in such categories as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least it was that naturalism in its own way both attacked their roles, which made us forget about the banality of the film and watched the performance. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Madonna is not a particularly talented actress who really allows us to transmit a personality different from her own, much worse, and even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), a worse classic, she pats herself in her time and a bit stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she knew about the cameras and the crew and she just could not leave. <br /> <br /> So here again, he tries to prove that he can act in something that is basically a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie, better known for action movies filled with masculine energy, seems just as uncertain, telling a story to a person similar to Michelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could easily tell the story of two people. And after 89 minutes, the events that take place are so unconvincing that when the last half hour arrives and history takes on a dramatic breakthrough, it does not seem sincere. From being an absolute witch with no unnecessary values ​​to falling in love, it must be the most unconvincing 180-degree rotation since Laura Fay Dunaway suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Equally unconvincing is the nasty turn of Adriano Giannini in the middle of the movie - he lacks humor and is truly psychopathic - and when he succumbs to Madonna's love, he is too quick to believe. Filming this in slow music and the visual assembly of love and beautiful scenery does not strengthen or add this "transformation" from the story of survival between dissimilar figures and the love story in which they both discover each other. /> <br /> Trying to get the unsatisfactory ending of the song against the film - it only causes it to drag, drop, and when Madonna has to be filmed, hoping for a devastation in close-up, she feels that she is trying too hard. Many actresses deal with such a small transmission better. Her performance is more suitable for acting styles from the late 1920s, early 1930s, where the posture compensated as role or emotion. <br /> <br /> Can the movie be better? Of course. There are many ways to film it in such a way as to leave the viewer feeling that these people can at least hope that they will see each other again - for example, it was done earlier in OVERBOARD (1987). He could have an existential overtone in which two very different people must rely on each other, but not necessarily change (to ensure morality). Many dialogues and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a more "silent" appearance of the film - as in PERSONA (1966). It could even be a kind of thriller, provided that Giannini's character has a nasty streak, like Billy Zane in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it was a sexual farce, it would be better for Madonna, like the bizarre freak who controls her. But with her bad mood, without even a slight glance at her character with a milder side, which hides behind the mask of quirkiness, and without defining her own character Giannini, it becomes another unexploded, trying to look like a fight of the sexes.
