Until I was wrong, I rented a Nightmare on Elm Street 3 a few years ago and there was a music video there, I'm sure it was called Dream Warriors at the end and I rented it on DVD with the hope that the movie will be there because it was one of the funniest things I have ever seen. It's amazing how things from the 80's are so fun now, but nothing is more fun than the 80s rap. There was a rap group that sang the song Dream Warriors in the VHS version of the movie after the subtitles, and they all wear denim jeans underneath and create matching denim shorts that are frayed at the bottom like Daisy Dukes. What can make a group of rap look more stupid? I can not imagine this. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) Anyway, I was disappointed to find this movie in the DVD version, so I only had the average part from the Freddy Krueger series. In a sense, the film begins with the same idea as the second part, and the main character witnesses all kinds of macabre murders, and then comes out of the trance and is in bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous home where Nancy Thompson lived, then runs into the bathroom, the sink handles turn into Freddy's hands and attack her, and then he wakes up, standing in his bathroom, cutting her own wrists. From there, the film turns into a regular part of a psychiatric hospital. <br /> <br /> 'Larry' Fishburne, always tired of playing the wrong guy in his roles, was happy to assume the role in this film as sympathetic, orderly, stern but favorable when the patients want to bend the rules a bit. No wonder he turns away in what jumps and limits the best performance in the movie. Arquette later becomes a great actor, but she did not improve her acting skills when she starred in the movie. The protagonists of the film are mostly all patients of the psychiatric hospital, in which Kristen is placed after cutting the wrists. Everyone is cynical and unwilling to cooperate, almost no one believes that they belong to them at all. In the end they realize and are able to convince the staff that everyone has a dream about the same man and is not just a kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp returned in her famous role of Nancy Thompson, this time she grew up a dream researcher as a result of her childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. No wonder she can quickly get in touch with hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients because she has experienced exactly what she is going through. In this part there are several interesting murders, and the technology used for special effects has jumped a lot. There is a gigantic, worm-like Freddy who tries to swallow Kristen, there is a scene where the TV turns into Freddy, and with mechanical arms he picks up one of the patients there to play late at night and punishes her too close to the TV, but There is also an unconvincing go-motion scene in which the couple fights with the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, who is rotting in the trunk of a car in a car junkyard. One of the most moving scenes was that Freddy attacks one of his patients in a dream (known from sleep in a dream), tearing muscles and tendons off his arms and legs and leading him like a puppet. Oh. <br /> <br /> In this installment we will look into Freddy's past. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also learn about the circumstances that led to Freddy being begotten by over 100 maniacs. Fighting with Freddy, all patients gather together and, in their dreams, use their special powers (most of which reflect their shortcomings in real life) to fight him. One student, bound in a wheelchair, is able to walk in his dreams, the other has fun powers of what he calls the "Wizard of the Wizard", the other is "beautiful and angry" (he has a lot of makeup, his hair is high on Mohawk's feet, and she has knives). Clever, but the movie fails when there is only one patient, the one who can not speak, has no power in his dreams until the movie culminates, when he suddenly realizes that he can speak in his dreams (at the right moment only to save day). His dream power was a little too obvious to be omitted for so long, but collectively, now you see why the movie was written in Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> In total, this is not a completely weak entry to the series. Acting is pretty cheesy, but in reality it's pretty good for horror. Larry Fishburne significantly outshines the rest of the cast, presenting great acting skills at the beginning of his career, and the film is not just a modification of any of the first two? a problem that plagues Friday movies much more than Elm Street movies. The heroes are never sufficiently developed to allow for later high voltage, which is why most deaths go to more creative ways of killing someone in horror than the tragic loss of life of one of the characters that we met and rooted their triumph over evil. But on the other hand, many horrors do not take the time to really develop their characters to such an extent that you raise your hands in defeat when they are killed or are on the edge of your place when they run for their lives. But is it important to remember that a few horror movies that are almost always the best?
