I wondered why I did not like Peggy Sue Got Married more than I did when I first appeared in 1986, with all the hype. Somehow I found the repulsive character of Nico Cage. Disgusting. Then the plot did not make sense. Then, at the end of the credits, the question came to me: what point did this movie have? What was it to say? Unfortunately, the answer was not too big. I really do not think this movie is meant to be a statement; unless "your life is your life, you make the same mistakes no matter what, so keep an eye on the donut, not the hole." This is not a very deep statement and I apologize, but not deeply in this film. The magazine is simply not so good. The direction is uneven and sometimes it is strangely overblown. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, the only thing worth attention in this film, and she did something like a miracle, creating the whole character in spite of strange, unexplained circumstances, with a scenario that did not have a clear statement. <br /> <br /> Finally, she explained to me the secret of the main reason why I did not like the movie. In his autobiography he states that Cage tried to fight the direction of his uncle Coppola at every step, doing it "in his own way" (it's not a good idea for a new actor), and imposing a silly voice that she called "stupid" the voice was irritating, rough and unnatural, and his character was unbearable and overbearing as a young boy. I understand what he was trying to do: play a young guy with a "hot shot" that is not as hot as he thinks, establishing his own karma for the future. But he exaggerates, the way he does it is harsh, ineffective, and if he listened to his uncle instead of "fight with Man", we would have a more enjoyable movie. The cage slides off a bit with its ugly style of voice in the movie and sometimes sounds like a real person, and these scenes are more visible than others. But if I had to watch the film in its entirety, I would like to pay someone with L.A. for pouring a bucket of water on his head during some of his more hit (heavy) scenes. <br /> <br /> The film is not about to make sense, it's great to look except when Cage makes a crazy impression of Elvis (but without a voice) and ultimately is, misleading and a waste of time. Taking all this into account, Kathleen Turner certainly deserves an Oscar in this slipping movie. I can not recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this unless you like Turner and you have a remote who chooses all of her scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything in a fictional sense, omitting other scenes and it will be equally important. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner gets a lot of attention from the critics about her comments to Cage, which proves that she is strong enough to be honest and to hell with the comments of other people. Go, Turner! I am not a fan of this actress, just as I am not someone else's first-rate actor or actress, but her honesty is refreshing. The action of the cage can be annoying and it does not work here. At least in this movie, we now know why.
