NIGHT EVELIN HAS BEEN REMOVED WITH GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). <br /> <br /> I watched this delirious piece of Euro-tosh in the horrible version of DVD Alpha Video (looks very bad) video transfer), but from what I saw, it was not interesting enough to buy the latest DVD No Shame. Given their excellent results, this will undoubtedly be a significant improvement over all previous versions. And do not pay attention to the funny cover shown here, it is not taken from this movie (some girl holding a head in the style of Jim Carrey). <br /> <br /> Star Spaghetti Western Anthony Steffen Sports fashionable hairstyle and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man haunted by the memory of his late wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that causes him to be detained in a psychiatric clinic. After the release, Cunningham hands over this trauma, taking redheaded prostitutes to his village castle, subjecting them to cruel acts of torture. His doctor and friend Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, Italian horrors sound "invented?") He advises him to forget about the past and get married again, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a séance at the castle. Finally, after killing several girls, he meets Gladys, another redheaded girl and marries her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife gives birth to a series of sinister events. Bloodthirsty creatures attack the Sir Alan family by killing them one by one. Becoming more desperate, Cunningham visits Evelyn's tomb and discovers that it is empty. Soon many "outsiders" begin to suspect that something suspicious is happening in the castle, and Lord Cunningham's treatment may not be so successful. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia is trying to combine the gothic horror with Giallo conventions with limited success. As usual, no effort was made to convince the public that the film was taking place in England. Cars drive on the right side of the road, everyone looks very Mediterranean, and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is clearly Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they just take it a bit too far. The bad print made it even somewhat bearable, because it is so dark that you could not see much of the surroundings anyway. But on the other hand, it is a kind of film in which everything can happen in the name of exploitation, and presenting reality is not really a problem. A large part consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the torture chamber of the castle, but most of the time Anthony Steffen breaks through this and shows some awful losing. I think it all depends on your state of mind and it can be funny nonsense if you have the right mood. I just could not stand it, at least not with the print I was watching. A pleasant result by Bruno Nicolai, who combines easy listening to melodies with psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
