Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a madman whose castle slowly falls into disrepair, he likes to kill various whores that remind his deceased wife Evelyn, a woman who betrayed him as another man, with these red castles. This madman is quite rich, and his status as a bachelor can be quite appealing. However, he is overwhelmed by his obsession with the memory of his late wife (especially her adultery ... he saw her naked with her lover). While the memory of Evelyn almost devours his whole life, Alan tries to find true love and believes he has Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked ... it's probably her only attribute, because she's not a very good actress), who agrees to marry him after very short advances, which should probably immediately throw the flags (the key moment of dialogue in which he knows exactly how much it is worth). <br /> <br /> The only real person that Alan can confide in is his doctor from the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in the movie that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a good friend who often provides him with sacrifices. I mean dates, at the same time hoping to get my master's assets one day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), brother of Evelyn, is a witness to Alan's slaughter and instead of turning him into police, he hugs him for cash. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), bound in a wheelchair, lives in a castle estate and is often seen near a broken door. Later we found out she has an affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> Everything that has been described above applies to the whole story that shows what seems to be the spirit of Evelyn haunting Alan, someone kills members about the family cast that revolves around Alan, and Evelyn's body is actually missing. <br /> <br /> The final question is who is committing the crimes after getting married Alan and Gladys, where is the body of Evelyn and whether Alan go through the edge? I have to be honest and say that I did not really care about this film. It is very uneven and the pace is everywhere. It looks great on a new DVD, and it's fun to "grow from the funeral sequence," but in my opinion, it really hurts the film that the entire cast is unacceptable. You really find it hard to look after Alan because he is a psychot who runs on thin ice in order to maintain common sense. It can be quite unstable. Who is committing a crime is not so much a surprise, because after murdering a few key characters there is no one who can do it. What is happening with Alan does not really swallow your throat, because you can argue that he just gets what he deserves. Those who stand behind the whole scheme of the film in relation to Alan, as I mentioned earlier, are not that shocking, because if you are a little aware of certain circumstances (or benefits they would have had), it would benefit Alan's good sense of reasoning, then everything just goes out less than stellar. It seemed to me that the editing was frightening and uninteresting, but the acting from the entire cast is really below normal. A certain style helps, and the cemetery sequences have a smelling of the gothic atmosphere.
