Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multimillionaire with a few loose bolts (thanks to the infidelity of his first wife and untimely death during childbirth), tempts the sexy red-haired women to his castle, offering them bundles of cash for the weekend. After returning to the stack of ancestors, they get a nekkid, start whipping them with a whip, and then kill them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets a blonde Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls in love with her many beauties, he decides to give up his murderous ways and get married. Their marital delight, however, is short-lived thanks to the undecided mental state of Alan, who becomes more and more fragile when his dead wife Evelyn begins to appear behind his window, and in the castle appears a series of macabre murders. <br /> <br /> So let's remind: a dangerous Euro-horror of the 70's with a lot of tasty women in different states of undressing; terrible gothic retreats and misty cemeteries; sadistic rich psychol with a passion for wonderful dolls with falling bodies; several cruel murders (including a bit when one victim has a head hit by a rock, and the bowels eaten by foxes). Normally such a checklist would give me a good time? So why did I think that "Evelyn's night came out of the grave" was so boring? Well, for starters the plot is too intricate: there are red herrings, crazy plots and lots of suspects, and everything becomes a bit too much. Through the absurd ending, in which we discover that all the time a few people are planning to get greedy paws on Alan's estate, and our work with deadly heads is to be the hero of the film? ? my head hurts too much! Secondly, the direction of Emilio Maraglia is quite inert. Stylish, yes; but as slowly as sometimes molasses. <br /> <br /> And then there are pieces that are just too stupid, maybe even on giallo: death by the bite of a poisonous snake (certainly one of the most bizarre gun choices ever); Alan's Aunt Agatha, an old, mutilated relative whom a pretty young woman plays; renting a group of identical curly blondes as maids; unsuccessful attempt to convince the audience that the film is set in England (exchanging "pounds" and renting a shit police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then, of course, it is unlikely to find a bag of sulfuric acid lying next to the pool ... <br /> <br /> "Night Evelyn has left her grave" is not a total waste of time (as it is possible with so many women bodies in the exhibition?), but there is much more giallo there. Watch this one if you're a genre fan and have seen the best one yet? But do not expect too much.
