This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, so-called "sins of consumerism." Please note that "Reverend Billy", actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the "sins of consumerism." We may want to ask questions, for example: "What does Reverend Billy do for a living? How do you make money? Does he make a living thanks to his "tax" organization? How does the Tax Office justify this church or organization "tax deduction"? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is commercialized, but it gives one day throughout the year in which people have the opportunity to be charitable and allow a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or other families. But holidays and vacation time give people such a chance and opportunity. Yes, America has more than problems, but with perseverance Americans have and always face great hardships. And even in times of conflict, America has proved to be the largest country in the world. This happens when Americans unite and unite instead of dividing and dividing. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but Americans will have to restore small businesses, along with ethics, responsible care for people living in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought us many problems, but the Americans will have to bring production back to America. The Americans and the US government must learn how to stick to the budget, no matter how big or small it may be, and we must stop our dependence on the loan. Our excessive dependence on credit will make us poor, from cradle to grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely less on the loan. And if we can save, even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. Not to mention that as Americans, we will get an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans own most of America's wealth. There is a good closeness that you or I can achieve at the upper middle class level. And who knows what can happen from there ?! Be positive, work hard - at least you and I will be able to achieve at least some (if not all) our dreams. Nothing is guaranteed in life, but we always have something that we can reach for. And if you or I do not have dreams, we might as well be worried. In America there is always room for lots of hope and dreams. As individuals, we are part of a package, but we can always become a leader of the pack. <br /> <br /> I have always been my experience that churches and religion offer nothing but additional distortions, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But when it comes to the distortions expressed in this film, I do not believe in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rate this movie for 1 in 10 - but with all honesty and truth this movie deserves zero. This movie has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
