What happened? Those were the first words that came to my mind after this horrible movie that ended for the first and last time on the computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St. clearly fell after the iconic movie of the first movie, but I doubt anyone would expect this horrible aberration. Nobody expected this cosmic movie joke, and no one is more desperate than me. <br /> <br /> It's definitely the worst movie in the ANOES series. At first, it does not seem so bad, with a really terrifying introduction and a rather elongated scene with a shower with Alicja. But at the very beginning we hit the bottom just under the bad action and mixed up sequence of events. My point is that Freddy's films are supposed to be phenomenal and frightening, but this one is like a train wreck in his poor sequencing of events and the horrible set-up of the story. You feel like you have gone with a terrible headache, not as you are afraid. So directing completely fails. There is nothing of this uncertain and well-prepared horror of the previous sequels, and even death scenes are usually stupid and moronic (especially death after eating), except for one cool scene created like a comic battle. That's why this movie makes sense. <br /> <br /> Plot ... bad, lame, lame, LAME. It was an excuse to insult people and make the MPAA angry and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Acting ... should I mention how Freddy was transformed into a childlike clown like boogey-human? How did his rebirth scene make him look like a monster from a 7-year-old horror instead of a bad feeling and a nightmarish murderer whom we know and hate from the first movie? It was a waving and stupid arm when he appeared again ... And his only liners. They suck all the way through the movie. Wrong. A class teacher could come up with more fun things, and Freddy's vomit spits out over 90 minutes of the movie. Hell, a chimp can come up with a lot more fun lines than what Freddy said. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is also really annoying. It seems so pointless. Like mosquitoes buzzing around your head, mosquitoes that just will NOT go away. Freddy is just annoying now. We have seen him many times. It's different and a lot of time when you want him to take his terrible one-shell and go down from the TV screen. Alice, instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl from the last movie, seems annoying and very shallow, and this is obviously due to the horrible, horrible scenario in which this film was equipped. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actor, and sometimes shines through the slots here, but can not save this movie. The other actors just suck. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie are terrible and embarrassing. I hope Englund is ashamed of this. Who wants to see Freddy running like a mutated gorilla with outstretched limbs, laughing like a cartoon villain? This movie destroyed everything I felt in the Nightmare series. I can never see them again when this image does not pass through my head; the distorted abominations of the cartoon that Krueger became. He slowly became a jocular, delayed icon of pop culture, but it is the lowest of the low. This is the bottom. No one will take Freddy Krueger seriously after watching this movie. He is just a joke, a clown who has been retired for a long time. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the movies that I could hate, why did you have to be Nightmare on Elm St, a TV series that I once loved and liked? The Dream Child depicts the death of a legend and the breakdown of all hope I had in the series Nightmare on Elm St. Freddy would continue his next spiral in the clown's status in the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was more fun than it really was), then he continued the mood down in Freddy VS Jason and finally he would nestle into nothingness, which is the best. <br /> <br /> I know it's mainly the ass about why Freddy sucks, but this movie is generally horrible and is one of the worst films ever. I do not recommend it to anyone, and even graduates of ANOES will not want to see it again.
