This is nonsense ... total shit. I can not believe that any company could even get people to work on such a movie. Full Moon has many awful movies, but it must be the worst. First of all, the plot does not exist. It's weird. It looks like they came up with an idea and never really managed to develop it. It seemed like they just wasted a lot of time shooting outside shots, while the two "heroes" rode the desert, and Bradbury says nonsense for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the film (when Dez and Dazzy drive, and when Dez and Bradbury ride), where it just lasted and lasted ... it was almost like 2 music videos in a place where there should be some dialogue or action. They simply rode for about 5 minutes, with music and photos of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Then we come to acting, which is simply awful. First of all, the girl who plays Dazzy is just a beast. It is so frightening that I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! A horrible casting. Then you have a guy who played Dez, who could not act if his life depended on it. His "crying" is really funny, and his crazy antics are even more fun. The guy who plays at the hotel's reception is as bad as the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no action that deserves any recognition in this film. <br /> <br /> Makeup effects ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were so false that they were funny. A crazy little robot that looks at the cat, grabs someone, cuts it off, and when they come back, the guy has a completely false wound. Pretty. Have they run out of money for a make-up budget or what ?! I must say that this drug stick is in the apartment of one girl ... there is also a nice make-up. I think they were going to look like a drug and I think she was supposed to have a black man, but it looked more like a cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is just awful from the very beginning. The story is stupid and very, very unoriginal, the direction looks like it was made by a 10-year-old, acting is the lowest of the lowest and so on. STOP from this movie at all costs. First of all, it is only 70 minutes, and at least 20 minutes is music and no dialogue or a figure sitting in a hotel. Do not waste your time on this piece of rubbish.
