Fashionably fragmented, and at the same time annoying study of characters, exploring the different personalities of two college roommates: a gifted but undisciplined star-studded basketball player and sweat smoker, a female robber. We never know why these young men are friends. They can share misunderstandings about the world and their places, but they do not seem to have anything to do with each other. Making his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson - who was also a co-author of the script with Jeremy Larner based on Larner's book - does not introduce us to the character with clarity, nor shapes scenes to help us identify with anyone on the screen. There are some very decent performances (especially from novice William Tepper in the lead role), but most of the picture is unformed (perhaps deliberately), sketchy or uncertain. Bruce Dern plays a hard training basketball coach, Karen Black is an older, married lady with whom Tepper has an affair, and Michael Margotta is an unruly friend of Tepper (in a repulsive, above-average performance). Nicholson can not set a sequence with no particular flavor, preferring (I assume) that the character's interaction dominates in the tone of the film; his script is also not helpful, so it is not clear who we should sympathize with. Small, random moments work (fight in the supermarket between Tepper and Black, Dern in Tepper in his dorm room, all scenes set outside), but the whole third act of the picture is a terrible mess. Hoping to compile an important b-ball game with sexual assault, Nicholson does not show any style in his craft (nor does he score points for a chutz because its staging is sinister and ugly). When the director does everything to humiliate his actors, he must undermine his motives. Perhaps if "Drive, He Said" finally issued some strong statement in the contract, viewers could forgive the filmmaker his downs in the assessment and taste. Unfortunately, the embarrassing one is as stupid as most of the rest of the movie. * 1/2 of ****
