The tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was part of my curriculum when I was studying cinema. So imagine how I was forced to watch it all. Believe me, going through hell is a lot easier. Our professor told us that this is a movie ???, but he never thought we would not agree with it. I do not think there are gods in the world, we're just people, so all filmmakers, that's why they can make mistakes, bad movies ... Or very bad. The main problem was not that art is susceptible to endless points of view in every respect, but that many people simply do not understand that everybody has their own taste, their own opinion, and so what I suppose is the biggest a film that has ever been made can also be the worst in history and how it is in both directions, but how many people can understand it correctly? So my professor believes in this movie and just does not. However, the only way to assess this "thing" is to measure it by the original intention of showing us all sorts of old folk stories or anything that could capture the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. To tell you the goddamn truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini, as a screenwriter and director, made watching it too unbearable. The film is VERY VERY. I can not stand it, so how to analyze it and then discover the potential beauty in it !! It goes beyond the abominations of your mind and strange not because of a movie or something like that, due to the unstable vision (Pasolini). His work is so primitive that it is underdeveloped. A deadly film technique, an effective sense of stupidity and an incredible monstrosity made everything unbearable. Look at horrible acting, fruitless pictures, terribly poor sets, ... ABOUT MY GOD I'm sick. It may end your objectivity abruptly, because watching this movie is one real pain, like removing a tooth of wisdom through a blind physician. There are terrible nightmares that can be more merciful than this. So, initially, how to continue TO to review it? Actually, no. Because this movie does not treat you fairly at all. There is a really memorable scene where some of the boys pee into the camera's eye (!) I try to combine such things with the end of Pasolini as murdered.
