Yes, I "get" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time I feel that his "Decameron" is largely overrated and more than a little disturbing. Overrated, because the alleged "realism", which introduces (milling crowds, crumbling architecture, etc.), is discussed by the absurd and even stupid way of preserving heroes. In pursuit of realism, Pasolini used a lot of non-actors, but their deer in the spotlight glare and painfully awkward delivery of the line makes the whole thing terribly detached and incoherent. And to be honest - many toothless, distorted people are painful looking at them. <br/> <br /> Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing for me because of the free and universal homosexual content. Not because I am pruderous or homophobic (I am not), but because the emphasis Pasolini puts on homoerotic images and situations is contrary to neo-realism, which otherwise goes back, so it comes out as free and forced. You can almost hear it saying "Ooh - I need to glue a lovely, naked boy on this stage!" Sometimes it seems that Pasolini tries to play a homosexual corner, to criticize the critics critically, and at other times, because he enjoys this aspect himself, regardless of what your audience may prefer. <br /> <br /> Disappointment of 9 or 10 different stories in Pasolini's "Decameron" struck me that it is Pasolini's failure as a storyteller, not an aspect of neorealism. It seems that every story bores him, so he closes them rather unconvincingly and without conviction. Even the last line of Pasolini's dialogue in a film that some people seem to consider as concise ("Why create a work of art when you dream about it, is much sweeter?") - for me it just makes me wonder why Pasolini bother with a movie if it felt like that? In my opinion, a much better film (and MORE homosexual content) is Fellini's "Satyricon". He is also full of bizarre-looking people and absurd situations, but he manages to do it because of his pace, direction and strong story, while "Decameron" fails in the same elements.
