I like good, slow movement. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare By Her Bachelors, The Way Home, Spring in a small town, Hana bi, Eat Drink Man Woman, Dolls, In the Mood for Love and Spring Summer Fall Winter Spring are nice movies? ? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subgroup of movies from the drama genre that try to ride good movies without providing anything interesting. Here's what I call IAN movies? "Unintelligible artistic nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subspecies, and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, it is a crème de la crème of garbage with scourges under the guise of "art". People walk around their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth, wait for phones to slow down, hang posters, staple papers, go to the bathroom, eat, do push-ups, have sex, cheek mosquitoes, etc. I'm not kidding when I say that this is an accurate summary of the whole film, which is the quintessence of the output of senseless garbage from the house of art. There is no plot, no plot, no interesting or noteworthy events, no emotions, no meaningful dialogue, and most importantly? without drama. <br /> <br /> The most engaging scene has two people "banging" on the bed with a person masturbating under the mattress? ironic that it is also completely tasteless and unselfish. The relationship of the figures on the bed practically does not exist. Tsai apparently did not want to pass on anything to the viewer when it comes to these people, except the obvious fact that they like to "hack." The person under the bed is just as one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, make makeup with melons and stroke. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development". A truly wrong "artist". <br /> <br /> The real contribution of Tsai in Vive L'Amour is probably the most horrible scene in the history of artistic cinema. For the first time, shows that the main actress goes from one end of the park to the other for 285 consecutive seconds, and then hysterically shows her crying? for absolutely no reason? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The film ends abruptly. No sense. No entertainment. Simply pure, concentrated torture imposed on the viewer. <br /> <br /> Trying to defeat a dead horse. The theme of loneliness is so badly treated that the only real feeling of this film is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa provides a much better exposure to loneliness in his horror film, Cairo. And guess what? It's really INTERESTING! This film moved as slowly as molasses in January, but there are better ways to solve the problem of loneliness than the total waste known as Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example. <br /> <br /> The cinema fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for directing this film, because he has provided irrefutable evidence that home theater can be just as badly made as a horror movie theater made to order. The snobs of art-house officially lost the pedestal of hypocrisy. The quality level of your precious genre now coincides with movies such as Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like their apples?
