No film from Madeleine Carroll in the cast could be impossible to watch. Having said that, I must add that this British film is close. The story takes place on board the "SS Atlantic" and is loosely based on the unfinished journey "Titanic". The word "unsinkable" is spoken, the liner hits the iceberg and we hear a celestial choir singing "Nearer My God to Thee". The doomed passengers finally take over the hymn in a clever piece of sound. But the year of the film's release (1929) means that the modern viewer must accept the primitive sound and the many acting conventions of silent movies and scenes. These are not problems. The main disadvantage of the film is stimulation, and the stimulation was well developed in silence. However, if the dialog was delivered with realistic speed, the duration of the video would be cut in half. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in the new medium), but unfortunately the result is now tiring. The structure of the film is ridiculously illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found some details of quite modern editing in the technique: small, violent cuts from one area of ​​the ship to the other, sometimes even sound effects. Although we are aboard the Atlantic at the first shot, we had over four minutes in the film before I discovered this fact. There are long, intrusive musical passages of the ship's orchestra. (Fun, easy sound.) Personal stories are presented in a completely non-binding and unconvincing way. Do not even think about the spectacle. The mountain is a small thing, and the outer damage to the ship's hull is a small indentation. However, the passenger scenes are full of life boats - clearly exhibited on a real liner, supposedly attached to the dock - they generate great emotions. In addition to the magnificent Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of the film's excellence. When the film and the ship are approaching the end, the screen turns completely black several times when the power generators begin to fail. Their last, eternal obscuration is the end of the film, with the setting sun / sunrise, a clumsy symbolic effect. "Atlantic" is a cinematic curiosity. At best. <br /> <br />
