For me an unsatisfying, unconvincing parachuting movie. With the cast of A-List, especially with three leads and an experienced independent director like Spike Lee, I was expecting a lot more and finally felt that what was delivered did not bring much to this sub-film. At the beginning I did not like moving around in the film, starting with the song raison d'etre master project Clive Owen to the camera, unnecessarily repeated at the end, and then finding a narrative filled with misleading, not to say unreal interviews witnesses, then finding yourself in the scenes you sensed began earlier. Of course, the camera's work is smooth, constantly on the move and contains lots of photos from the handheld camera, but the director Lee does not deliver emotion or tension, falling basically, not doing anything of the main characters of the movie. Denzel Washington is depressed by the conversation about clothes and grumpy humor about the 35-year-old film "Shaft" (he even means "no one understands him, but his woman", "hot" happens in him) girl, chaining her with a simple and unfinished " dirty talk ") and his gentle riff" In The Heat Of The Night "with Willem Defoe (almost in part) raises just wrinkles. Clive Owens plays his character with a decidedly English accent, even if we think that the gang is based on Arabians, and also difficult, because he has to play 90% of the film with a mask on his face. Jodie Foster delivers another of the patented ice girls, sub-Clarice Starling turns into a well-connected financial bounty hunter, if you want, with little effect. In general, this is a real mish-mash movie, with a light but obvious twist of action, in fact the title gives it back to the spoiler fans from the beginning. The worst scene (from many) is undoubtedly an interview with Washington, unbelievably, with an 8-year-old street kid, although Owen's dialogue with the same child minutes earlier leads him into troublesome rates. During the film, the characters refer to classic movies about the robbery, such as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor in praise. More like "The Hot Rock" and even that was good for a few laughter.
