I am a director of film production at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday, unfortunately, I had the opportunity to watch this horrible movie in class. Our professor informed us that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we watched him was one of the first sound movies - a complete catastrophe. <br /> <br /> The problem with early sound movies was that the Hollywood actors knew how to make silent movies and were not good at remembering the lines. So producers and directors will look at the stage to get the actors. Sounds like a great idea, right? Well, acting on the stage does not appear very well on the film. Most of the actors in "Atlantic" look and sound like they're playing in the play, which causes a lot of hearty laughs because of excessive acting. Another limitation of the early sound movie was microphone technology. You can not move the microphones like today, you had to keep them static or pick up the sound of passing air. Usually one microphone was used in a given scene in this movie. In one particular scene a man sits at the table. Someone comes up to him and walks the line, then walks away. Another actor appears from the back, walks the line and then leaves. This is happening for several more people. Of course, the microphone is suitable for a man at the table, which makes him a funny acting carousel. <br /> <br /> These are just technical problems. If you fall into history and direction, it will be even worse. History is a fictionalized description of what happened on the Titanic. Characters are unbelievable and pointless. "History" about a man betraying his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the film. It's barely resolved and you wonder why it was. A miserable attempt at a great drama, the actors pause between the lines many times. It's tiring and you can not wait for this 90-minute (at least 180-minute) movie. In this country I will not talk much about the problem of racism in this country, but I was really offended by the fact that there were only two blacks in the whole film, and they were presented as animals. They both pushed past women and children to try to get to one of the lifeboats. They were told to stay or be shot and of course they did not do it, so they were shot. I was frightened. <br /> <br /> I give this film 2/10. I would give him 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave him an extra point, just because it was one of the first sound films and I tried to put him in context. If you want to see a good early sound movie, check out "Blackmail" by Alfred Hitchcock, which also appeared in 1929. You will see that the best directors were able to adapt immediately to the new technology.
