I saw most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and came to the conclusion that he has a talent for acting. Scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, weapon fights and samurai fights with camera work that effectively captures the carnage on the screen. With "Versus" and "Aragami" Kitamura showed creativity and showed that he is able to work with a low budget. So what happened in "Alive"? To be more dull, the answer would be: nothing. Nothing happened in 'Alive', it was a movie that lasted two hours and few actions, and few characters and stories. <br /> <br /> Based on the Tsutomu Takahashi comic "Alive" is the study of the life of one Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki), condemned to death, who survived the execution. He then gets the opportunity to repeat the execution or to undergo a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the latter, and soon puts them in the room together with the rapist, and later with the girl infected with a strange parasite who in return for the host's humanity grants supernatural powers. Naturally, at some point the parasite moves to Yashiro, but it does not happen too fast. <br /> <br /> As in "Aragami", "Alive" sets the first half in determining the basic exposure. Characters are introduced, their motivations are determined and their mutual relations are revealed. Everything takes place even in one set. The first major problem with this comparison is that although "Aragami" is just a 70-minute movie, "Alive" stretches for over two hours, making the first part last over an hour. This length could be justified if the characters were a bit more interesting, but unfortunately it is not. Dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without a sense of emotion and depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There were a few small attempts to make Alive a bit more moral ambiguity, but in the end it all came down to the classics: people of bad government against the super-powered hero whom you guessed so in the end save the girl. As I said before, the whole movie takes place in practically one set, and after two hours, which become boring, even worse the project itself was not even interesting at first and does not do much to improve other aspects of the film. <br /> <br /> Now, after completing the first part, you would think that Kitamura will at least prepare some fun action scenes to make up for the boring beginning. Unfortunately, it is not. The two only fights are in fact transformations of similar fights with Hollywood movies, along with the effects of time and psychic powers. They are simply not interesting or fun, Kitamura's creativity with "Versus" is gone, a small set limits even his very impressive work with the camera and everything boils down to general and expected fights, really embarrassment. <br /> <br /> Apparently "Aragami" was better in all accounts, and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So watching this movie was not at all a total loss. If only to understand the mistakes made, how to fix them and create a better entertainment film.
