Video: There are some very interesting comments to IMDb about this movie. It's really awful. Not enough money seems to be on the movie and the way Spike Lee did it seems to be a combination of indie movie and action movie. Characters / Actors: Denzel did "EXACTLY" what he does in each film, so there is no surprise. Here is a small mind game for readers. Think about 10 Denzel movies quickly. Now, count how many of them played the policeman / detective / guardian of the body, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy will soon need a better role on his plate. His best performance was thinking in "Beyond Borders". Besides, he did the same in every movie. His tone and manner of speaking were very similar to what he did in Sin City. Surely this guy knows, playing, he does not know that it's better to choose roles. He desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster was great in the movie if you watch her for the first time in your life. She did better. She had better roles. This is what happens in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall on their knees and pick up low-class roles like Jody Foster in this movie. The story: The plot was not misleading, in fact I could have come up with such a story, or rather the whole movie, while doing a dump after a nice Chinese dinner. I mean, **** SPOILER ON THE ROAD ----> I've got enough of the not-so-needed Haulocast token and racism. The film tells about bank robbers, why put Haulocast and racism there, nice to try to play with human emotions, work on anyone? NOT ME. Police allowed bank robbers to think they were hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we are talking here about US police forces and security. No one could find out where Clive is, it means that they found nothing else in this room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: Sure, go watch this movie, if nothing, you will have a good time talking with friends about how bad the movie was. At least people will not think you're stupid to watch this movie because they would think you went to see it because it has a large cast of "MISTAKE".
