It's a stupid movie. Maybe my judgment would not be so severe if the film did not promise so much, but I just felt that this movie was cheating and playing me for a fool at every turn. <br /> <br /> I did not have any beef with acting, but I thought that the characters are terrible. The film starts with the character of Clive Owen, who tells us what a criminal brain is and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, which he often reminds us later. Oh yes, he also tells us that he is in a prison cell, although it turns out to be a stupid metaphor. Every idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one in which the minimum number of things can go wrong, and you are long gone before the police appear. But Clive Owen's plan requires spending hours in the bank - for no reason, but around and looks terrifying as far as I know. He must also control the hostages, negotiate with the cops, and most interestingly, do work in this old house in the bank's warehouse and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket to pee)), then escape again. Yes, that sounds like an ideal crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it did not break up was the scenario. <br /> <br /> And then there are many unexplained details: why the cops were so convinced that the cheaters had accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is the heroine Jodie Foster and why is she so important that she has a mayor at her call, and she does not have to tell Denzel Washington about her program because "is above his pay scale?" How stupid are the cops that you do not can they come up with the idea that one guy talks for hours in a foreign language, does the sound of a criminal gang not plan a robbery? How did the robbers slip away and why Clive Owen stayed for a week? How did they learn about the past of the bank's president, the number and contents of his safe? Why the hell would Clive Owen let Jodie Foster or clay? Since when did AK-47 toys look really close? How the hell are you making a mistake in a pizza box? How did Clive Owen manage to escape the safe area of ​​the bank during business hours, unnoticed? Had this hopeless criminal really felt sufficiently attached to this cop Denzel to throw him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions are ever given. There are videos that reach depth, leaving you to reflect on events that take place off screen, but I've never felt that way with Inside Man. The scenes that explained these things seemed to have been cut from the movie, or these questions never had any answers, and this is weak. Particularly annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who will not reveal what he's doing, but never stops reminding him how important he is. I suppose we should just take her word for word. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie to two stars is that I was laughing at the gags of Denzel's "taxi" and "pina colada" and a scandalous video game for children. In addition, this movie does not have a function of redemption.
