It seems to me that Stephen King's "Bachman" was a way for him to extract some of the grim, harsh, more malicious things he wanted to write, not "contaminate" his "brand." If you look back at "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner), you will notice that they have a sense of airlessness and hopelessness that is different from King's mainstream. I am aware that we are talking about a guy whose first novel contained a humiliated, bloodied, emotionally-damaged teenage girl who murdered everyone at her student ball ... but the mainstream king always has characters and elements of the plot that cover the gloomy character, act a little, and they usually have endings that give us a little hope and human feelings. Bachman's books are simply mean and always end badly. (BTW, "Pet Semetary" could easily be a Bachman's book, if King did not reveal this alias. "The Dark Half" seems at least partly related to his personality "Bachman"). <br /> <br /> "Thinner" was the last book by Bachman, and the man, with the subjects of class wars, revenge and starvation death, is nasty. It should not be surprising that the film follows him. <br /> <br /> The surprise is that the adaptation seems to be filmed at the "Movie Movie of the Week" talent level instead of something worthy of a cinematic premiere. (These days, something like that would probably go directly to a DVD or cable). Make-up and striking motive (hunger for death in abundance, a metaphor of a cursed, undernourished American middle class, if it ever existed) is all that makes you see this mistake. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought is that the director chose the nasty atmosphere of Bachman, but somehow sucked up the whole interest in a movie with poor choices - the actors here (except Joe Monetegny) simply can not move the movie. Then he crushed heat and life from the rest of the film with uncomfortable stimulation and structure of the stage. Besides, he could not leave the story himself, and his changes really do not help. The script and dialog should work, but mainly the movie just lies there. Everything is subdued, boring, deprived of air and is not pleasant to watch ... with the living exception of the main character's spectacle, which becomes ... thinner, thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means the worst film of King (or even the second worst). And he has a terrible, fascinating fascination thanks to the motif and careful make-up. But viewers should approach this with reduced expectations for the first time.
