No, I did not read Stephen King's novel "Thinner", but I choked up the film version. Horror is the acquired taste. Regular films give the characters applause when trying to achieve the goal. In horror the audience is invited to enjoy the fall of the character. In the low-fat, but unpalatable aggregate of vengeance from director Tom Holland, "Thinner" no one wins, and everyone deserves the bite that is imposed on them. A voracious attorney from New England, Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke from "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although the weight of the bathroom weighs 300 pounds, he seems happily married to handsome, lovable wife Heidi (Lucinda Jenney from "GI Jane") with a yeast teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean stupid here. Halleck shows his prudence in court when he wins a sentence acquitting the poor mafia leader Richi Ginelli (Joe Mantegna from "House of Games"). Coming home from the feast of victory, Billy strikes the old Gypsy crossing the street and kills her. A veil appears, and Halleck's friends pull it out of the soup. The dissatisfied Gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine from "Skidoo") will take revenge on the curse lawyer and two municipal officials who have cleaned him. Suddenly, Halleck discovers that he drops his kilograms no matter how much he quartes them. When he begs the vengeful Gypsy to raise the curse, the old man refuses. Desperately, Halleck resorts to Richie. While Halleck struggles with the Gypsies to remove the hex, he learns that his loyal wife has drawn his attention to the hot city doctor. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies not only as a ridiculously inept horror, but filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Child's Play" (1988) and the screenplay of Michael McDowell, gave such a modest scenario that you can not enjoy watching Billy after his desserts and shrink. "Thinner" has several shocks and fewer surprises. The creators of the film could regenerate King's novel, but they filled with all sense of horror and humor. Holland and McDowell portray characters like the mafioso, then inexplicably release them from the hook. One small character appears long enough to die and have a chicken head in his mouth. <br /> <br /> Stereotypic behavior of heroes can also offend the audience. "Thinner" depicts women as oversexed foxes and men as pigs. When Halleck slips out of the clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked in his home. His suspicions ripen with jealousy, and he prepares a plan to convey the curse to his wife. Even premature ending does not have satirical taste. Oscar winner, special effects creator Greg Cannom from Van Helsing and make-up artist Bob Laden do a fantastic job, reinforcing actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They also manage to diminish. <br /> <br /> Only die-hard fans of Stephen King will be able to bear this misogynistic gooledyspook.
