I really do not know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had unhappy with watching for a very long time. From a place that was obvious and very clear to anyone who visited London for even one day, he would agree ... it was not London. In an unexplained way, Snipe's character managed to escape from the country to the US without any problem. Then he convinces the girl and her grandmother to visit him in America, how the hell agreed on that grandmother ... he's a killer! Well, this is the end of the movie, but unfortunately it did not go much better. We have British cops driving an amazing range of cars, I'm sure it was the eighties of Vauxhall Belmont, who chased a cab after being assigned, but modern Subaru Imprezza escorting the van in several scenes before. SO19 or anyone who grabbed Met's weapon, which they tried to introduce, ran around the streets with guns in pursuit of Snipe and the CIA. Children were walking, but the police still claimed they had a bright shot to shoot him. Is this happening in London? No, no, I live there. We also have a very unlikely trip from central London to the airport (say, Heathrow due to arguments) within 5 minutes of receiving the call. We also have terrible American accents, a young girl who is better than the queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does the British police say when helicopters and a number of officers in the Snipe location can not find Snipe and he manages to avoid being caught by hiding behind the stairs? The railway station was apparently not even in the UK, and the sound effects of the battle scene were terrible. The plot was also very poor, boring and was written and filmed much better a thousand times before. But in the film, a few significant actors were cast, what they thought and please do not let them be amazed! This film did not seem to know what it wants to be, if you are going to focus on dramatic aspects of the task, you need a strong, stiff plot with convincing scenery and surroundings, it is something that the viewer has time to take and appreciate, and if you do it wrong you will notice it. If you want an action movie from around the world (which it does not have), continuity and scenery can be on the side.
