And finally, old, old Michael Corleone turns over and goes "THUMP!" Who REALLY wrote a letter to the last part of the Godfather saga? Probably the same staff that performs "As the World Turns". This film does not deserve the title "Godfather". Let's call it "Cosas of Our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who has come across a number of mafia people in my professional life, I can say without exception that I have never met a gangster so internally and contemplatively conflicted as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mafia just because they're greedy, nothing more. In this movie, Don Corleone spends a lot of time reflecting on his past deeds and his gloomy future, perhaps even an afterlife, and then recovers extremely quickly to get a fantastic business offer or to order the death of one or the other like the big one is a time operator, in depth of the soul. Then there is his failed marriage. After the breakup scenes in G2, we can hope Michael and Kay will reunite as a man and wife, but here they seem to be very good, platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if screenwriters have tried to make Michael a woman. This is a strange behavior for two people who for nine years shared the passion of the marriage bed. Here and there is some mistake or maybe the sins of authorship. Sophia Coppola, poor, old-fashioned Sophia Coppola, is burdened with a hopeless role, because too many short lines in the film do not match what the young woman says in casual conversations - she received "comments", not "lines" emote. Her "passionate" love scene with Andy Garcia looks like something from a bad sexual comedy, when they chew their kisses with their mouths open and caress each other on the kitchen drain, like marionettes ... The sex scullery has been wonderfully created by Glenna Close and Michael Douglas, but it's just ridiculous here. Then there is the character of Andy, Vinnie Mancini, who also has a difficult and thankful role to play. I suppose it will be a new, new Don Corleone, but he almost gave him a job on a silver plate and must do little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous beats on all 5 families in G1. This process may be an authentic way of transferring power in a mafia family, but why is it so much doing with this boring routine? Certainly, Don Vincent may one day gain the respect of his gangsters, but there are not many character apparitions in the screenplay, unfortunately to show us the portrait of this young man. Puzo did such a good job quickly and succinctly developing Michael in G1. But the G3 has no economy in telling stories, and we suffer from exposed exposures until we just want to take a nap. Thirdly, George Hamilton also received a thankless task, taking over the role of a family lawyer, after Robt Duvall allegedly dismissed the third part as Tom Hagen. George wisely undermined his role, so it came out without any harm to the actor. The development of Connie Corleone is interesting, but he goes too far when he takes murderous matters into his own hands (she could sleep with Fredos if it was the real world). But that's not all bad. The murder scene in the hotel apartment is clever! Also "they pull me back" or the words for this purpose is a great line. And we are recovering some of the old atmosphere when we return to Sicily, even if everything was done in 1989, and they have modern cars and hairstyles. The plot lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting because they are based on real financial sananigans in Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but they are too far-fetched, too spectacular scenes of death, etc. Grand opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But the death scene of Mary at the end is, at best, an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation. All screenwriters must know that we do not always need more and more deaths to bring the mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You regret Kay that her daughter is dead, she is having so much fun, but Michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. Then Michael dies somewhere in the 21st century, in Sicily, alone on a big estate, from heart failure ... there is no grandson to play before his death, no wife who would regret it. What should happen in the last six months of this movie, Michael is being followed by someone like Rudy Guilliani, judged, all the small, dirty businesses and dirty indulgent indulgences brought to light by Michael, convicted by the RICO Act and sent to federal prison for life ... then it can collapse dead due to heart failure while washing the floor IN LEAVENWORTH. In this way, mafia dons ended their careers at the turn of the 80s and 90s and they received a much better treatment than they deserved.
