At the beginning of "Godfather: part III" son of Michael Corleone wants to leave school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want this. But his distant ex-wife, Kay, manages to persuade him to let Anthony Corleone perform music as he wishes. So he does. <br /> <br /> It looks like a strange way to start the review, because it is a small plot and has nothing to do with the main action. Just let me hang here; in the end you'll see where I'm going. Now I will tell you about the main story. It's Michael Corleone, who wants to stop the crime permanently (he largely abandoned all criminal elements in his family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew who takes part in the feud. So, of course, Michael has to endure another jaw with crime and violence with guns and these good gangsters. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with his daughter Michael, Maria. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to patch up all the horrible things that happened at the end of Part II. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. One terrible, terrible 169-minute soap opera. Gone any sophistication, romance and emotional significance that made the first two films hit the house so hard. After a 16-year franchise break, Francis Ford Coppola released a mess of sop and pretentiousness completely incompatible with the first two films, once again proving that his last great work was "Apocalypse Now" in the 70s. <br /> <br /> What's worse "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical continuation of "The Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He did not just go to sleep (which can be justified, even if watching would not be fun). He became a good-natured man who is trying to repair the whole tragedy that made Part II such a devastating masterpiece. His confession before the priest was bad enough, but this small attack of diabetes in the middle pushed him into nausea. He also comes back with Kay! For God's sake, there is absolutely no way this happens because the second movie was abundantly bright! He interrupted his child, and his Sicilian upbringing made him despise her for it. Did not Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? <br /> <br /> And do not even start me from the romance of Mary and Vincent! For romance to be so prohibited, it was shockingly disturbing. Sofia Coppola's acting did not help. She made the smartest move in her life when she moved from the camera backwards because she was probably the worst actress I've ever seen in the nominee for the best movie. Every line she released was painfully remembered, and every time drama was based on her acting abilities, everything that she caused was inadequate chuckles. In the culminating scene - I will not go into details, but you'll know what scene I'm talking about when / if you look at it - he looks at Michael and says, "...... Dad? "I think I had to cry, but the line was so weak that I broke out with a long, loud laugh! <br /> <br /> Now we are coming to a climax and now you will realize why I have devoted time to start the review with a description of Anthony Corleone's music ambitions. After 140 minutes of petty dramas and irrelevant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent are going to see it, and for about 10-15 minutes, several assassins are walking around trying to murder Michael. I must say one thing about this climactic sequence: it was really good! But not because of the killers - they were quite boring. I really liked the opera. He had great music and really great songs. And from what it showed us, it seemed that the story echoes the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it was one full opera and I bet Michael Corleone was pleased that he let his son go from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is that Francis Ford Coppola had just shot Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and abandoned the rest of his soggy melodrama. Even better, it's a pity he did not do "Godfather Part III" at all. Part II gave us the perfect ending. This spin-off was self-satisfied and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not an intuitive reaction to the film. I watched all three Godfather movies more than a month ago (although I watched the first one). This means not only that my expectations for Part III have not been screwed up (in fact, I set the bar rather low after what I heard), but it also means that I had a good time to think about all three films. Although at first I was a bit disappointed with Part II, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But in part III it was bad at first, and then worse, the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will stop in Part I, but if they also look at Part II, they will most likely go to Part III. If you have will, look at parts I and II and pretend that part III never existed.
