Part I of the Godfather was a stunning look inside the fictitious Corleone family and how the innocent young man was forced into circumstances he never wanted to participate in. The Godfather Part II shows that the young man's acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as the total loss of all innocence as he immerses himself deeper and deeper into the life of a crime. The first two parts of this saga about this transformation of Michael Corleone are one of the greatest tragedies in film history. <br /> <br /> Then came The Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now the aging Don of the Corleone family. He's guilty of conscience because of his earlier actions, not through subtle behaviors, but he tries to use his powers for good and admit to all his evil deeds and regrets others. Very banal and unusual for a complex character like Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young student and his enemies. Michael's daughter is ultimately a victim of ongoing mafia wars, and her death predictably leads to Michael realizing that all his life as Don was worthless because he failed in one thing that caused him to be in a position where he was: protecting his family. <br /> <br /> Part II of the Godfather ends when Michael Corleone reaches the lowest of the lowest levels: killing his own brother. Before Part III, the Godfather's saga was an exciting and thrilling story of a young man's innocent journey into the dark with the incredibly tragic end of Michael forgetting his roots and abandoning the one thing that always had the most importance for him and his family: loyalty. Part III presents the image of Michael as a man who is and has always been simply a victim of circumstance. It spoils the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> Part III of the Godfather is a terrible mess of a movie that should never have been created. The only solution to this problem, which is the last part of the film The Godfather, is to pretend that it does not exist, and the saga ends with a shockingly terrible act of killing a member of your own family.
