When Samantha Eggar (as Phyllis Dietrickson) answers the door of her home wrapped in a towel, you realize that as competent as Eggar, there is no hypnotic charm of Barbara Stanwyck. And this is not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original movie, Wilder told Stanwycek not only to appear in a towel, but to enter the stage on the balcony of the second floor of the house. And she does not "go out"; appears almost like a magic wand. Walter Neff looks down at her from the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much taller than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they are introduced for the first time. This is not just a towel. The towel adds a seductive charm. Her position is like a Greek goddess looking at her domain and, in a strange way, you feel as if she was in control of the situation from the very beginning. He has sexual power and even magic. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a secret with secrets hidden in. <br /> <br /> Return to 1973. The remake has Crenna knocking on the front door. Stangark, Eggar, answers the door with a towel. There is no "appearance". He just opens the door. The charming superiority that catches the audience at the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944 is completely absent in 1973. He opens the door with a towel around him. It can be sexy like Charlie's Angels, but it's not so mysterious. Remake filmmakers do not seem to understand Wilder's point. The script could say that "Phyllis appears in the towel", so the remake makers simply follow the instructions and attach the required towel. It's not a towel. It's about the mysterious quality of Phyllis and its potential power. Wilder gave her a towel to add her mystery. The remake filmmakers gave her a towel because Wilder did. And when choosing a shot, I lost all of Phyllis's mysticism. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also seems to be unsuccessful. It looks like it is "playing" and is not in the middle of a dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna looks like an actor from the '70s. He can not get to the forties. When MacMurray speaks first to the microphone, sweat starts to drip from his face. No sweat on Crenna. They also changed one of the key lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff says: "I did not get the money, and I did not get a woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says: "I did not get the money, and I did not want a woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the whole story? Or maybe they fooled it for the "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This TV movie is a number version. The entire sharp edge of the original will be lost. The only distinguishing feature is Lee J. Cobb in the role famous by Edward G. Robinson. But he can not save the loss of the intensity of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is an unforgettable TV movie made probably by the same people who did "Gilligan's Island". They might as well try to convert Citizen Kane or Gone with the Wind. If mediocrity is the best you can hope for, what is it about? The classic from 1944 is a film with a large "F". This remake on TV deserves to be rated "F" or maybe "D" as stupid.
