Murder and insurance fraud take the adulterous couple to the "end of the line" ... <br /> <br /> The TV was visually vulgar in the early 70's, and this cut-out TV-created knock-off hurt my eyes. It can not match Billy Wilder's 1944 classic movie. Because everyone who is right should know invisible, but that does not mean that this update should be seen as a separate unit. Although based on the original Paramount scenario, there is more than half an hour's break, and the colorless indifference of the director makes that what remains is memorable. With rare exceptions, the younger generation was not interested in watching old black and white films on television in 1973 (Still true today, unfortunately), so this horrible, convincing story was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers; then, as now, the rating rule and monetization were her only reason for being. Gus Van Zandt has transformed the PSYCHO of Alfred Hitchcock for similar reasons, and if these reductions lead to the search for original films or novels, the better. I loved James M. Cain's source novel enough to tune in to those times, and this time capsule enjoyed me a long time for long hair, halters, turbans, ugly decor and lush chestnut castles of Samantha's "guest star" who did not try too much. firmly. In addition to recognizing a few accidental childhood casts spent in front of a boob tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to keep my interest as tired all over the world, tired of the Keyes look, but the polite and harmless Richard Crenna Walter Neff reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Improvement of the original was not, of course, to hurry to earn a buck, but instead of mindless retreading, a new adaptation of the novel would be an innovative idea. Cain's book differs slightly from celluloid incarnations, and the terrifying shark fins in the end of the moon are deadly. I am grateful that this accelerated "Me Decade" update was included as part of the DVD DOUBLE INDEMNITY additions, but the experience not only made me very eager to see the original, but also nostalgia for every episode of the better-prepared COLUMBO TV series. I also came back to a very good ABC television movie from 1973, which I have not seen since its first broadcast: LINDA John D. Macdonald with beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who murders a lover (sexy John Saxon) wife and then binds her husband with a mild disposition of crime and, if I remember correctly, there is also an open ending. Like DOUBLE INDEMNITY, it was unnecessarily reworked with film movie queen Virginia Madsen as titular vixen and Richard Thomas as husband of milquetoast.
