This remake of Billy Wilder's classic 1944 film Double Compensation is a textbook example of how to destroy a great script. This class B television movie illustrates the madness of re-enactments in general. While Hollywood followed greedy directors who color black and white films and sought reservations in widescreen movies shown in pan-and-scan versions, the industry ignored the hacks that insist on making a classic movie and reducing it with a cheesy remake. <br /> <br /> The first step to creating a sklicized version of the classic is to edit the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler's work has been shortened by half an hour to match the finished film to a specific time interval with space for advertising. Then update the production with the help of bland, colorful photographs, intelligent, exclusive sets and TV actors known from television. In this way, the completely new "Double Indemnity" eliminates moody black and white film cinematography, which improved the mood and characteristics of the original. The dusty, shadowed, claustrophobic sets have disappeared, which explained the desires of the heroes to escape the situation at any price. The close ties between Keyes and Neff have disappeared and an erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> The appearance of Jacek Smight about the "Double compensation" is more a "dynasty" than the film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer home that you can die for, and a comfortable Neffa pillow would be difficult to earn from the salary of an insurance seller, not to mention the sporty Mercedes of the convertible he drives. None of the characters has a clear motive for murder for a poor $ 200,000. If not money, then maybe a murder of love or desire? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are just as lusty as those between brother and sister. Crenna can not capture the cynicism of Neffa, and his attempts to double-pull and suggest sex are horribly flat. Eggar is a little better and lacks sensuality and depth to suggest the inner workings of a supposedly crafty and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb achieves reliable results as Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three directors have done a much better job. <br /> <br /> There was no reason to produce this unfortunate remake, except to fill time in a TV show. There was no reason to resurrect this movie on DVD and pack it with the original movie, except to fill the two-disc package. The only lesson you can learn from this dud is that even a great script and a wonderful dialog box can be ruined with poor casting, poor direction and TV production values. "Double Compensation" from 1973. It should have the title "10% compensation", because watching it only underlines 100% of the perfection of the original film.
