Oh, if only I could give this garbage less than one star! There were two mildly funny parts throughout the movie and that's all! one was the place where one or two fragments of the song "Do not Worry", "Be Happy" were sung by snails, and the second was the place where Roddy fell on toilet paper and landed with his legs and legs apart, so that everything that landed on the Way down hit him in the groin. That means there was nothing more fun, at least not for me! Doctornappy2 is wrong, saying: "Fans of the totally terrible" Shrek "can be happy, but fans of" Wallace and Gromit "will probably turn away in disgust." Just as I loved Shrek 1 2 and 3, and also love Wallace and Gromit. You see what comes down to the fact that if the animation is done very well, it's definitely worth seeing, but it was so far from what you can do well! The continuity errors were too large. Some pointed to the creators of this site, others did not. I will not show everyone else, but here are a few other things to see: When the young daughter leaves at the beginning of the movie, the door latch drops and the hook part is clearly back to the right behind the circular knob, effectively making sure that Roddy will not be able to get out, but he does it by simply kicking. At some point the ruby ​​falls on Roddy's back and Rita pushes him straight into the air as the ship moves forward. In the next scene, Roddy caught it again. It is impossible. Seeing the ship move forward, the only place where the ruby ​​was thrown from underneath Roddy's shirt, the only place that could land was in the water not in Roddy's hand. I wanted to pay attention to the third one, but for now I forgot. <br /> <br /> Too much, for lack of a better word, "jokes" were repeated in one way or another, there was not enough time to make any connection with any character, the characters were empty, shallow and empty, and the whole the movie left you wanting .... wanting to watch 85 minutes of anything else! Drying paint or growing grass are two great options!
