Very young Ginger Rogers trades fast chips and one liner with rival reporter Lyle Talbot in this mysterious murder of 1933, Produced by Poverty Row, Allied Productions. The film starts with a wealthy businessman who jumps out of the garden on the roof of a high-rise apartment building or does he come from a lover's apartment? Rogers, in fact, has two identities at the beginning of the film, that is, Miss Terry, the secretary of the deceased victim, along with her newspaper by Pat Morgan. Erroneously passing her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of the paper copying desk, she is fired for her efforts when her boss learns he has been thrown out. <br /> <br /> Here is the mystery - revealed by the police inspector. Russell's (Purnell Pratt) study about the death of Harker, whom Terry / Morgan was employed as his secretary for three weeks. Why was this? After that fact, it would make sense that she was there for the newspaper, but earlier? The hints are refused due to Harker's association with a known gangster who lives in the same apartment building, but again this association is not relevant until it is linked to the janitor Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who invents all phone cards with the HSSS hose, with the words "You hear it" cut out and pasted underneath? Apparently the hissing snake was the sound of the radiator system in the apartment, which Peterson used to send poison gas to the premises of potential victims, such as Mrs. Coby in the apartment at Harker. But in answer to the question asked to Inspector Russell about the death of Mrs Coby, he responded "apparently" to the cause of strangulation. <br /> <br /> It was these contradictory plot lines that made the film a bit unsatisfactory for me. Revelation of the janitor Peterson as a bad guy in this piece takes place in somewhat gruesome circumstances when we see him slip the unconscious body of Miss Morgan into the furnace for building incineration! However, and get another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in the huge basement room when Peterson lights the stove; she escaped, but how? And still pretty as a picture. And who can make a collar from the screen if there is no one else, like Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt) who, in the opening scene, fell to his own feet, entering the room. <br /> <br /> I apologize, but for all those reviewers who thought "A Shriek in the Night" for satisfying chatter, I think that every Charlie Chan movie from the same era is a real "ordinary suspect" in comparison. If you need a reason to see a movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but let's get carried away, do not dance.
