I just saw pre-screening today. What can I say? He lived to the average track, although he does not say anything. It did absolutely nothing that would happen before any movie, and it played in such a stereotypical style that I finally got to the point where I stopped laughing only because I laughed with the audience and instead let me take away humor film <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have less than a spectacular main character who tries to come back with his ex-girlfriend, but he's not good enough for her, check. We have three buddies, all of whom have their "personality", one of whom is the best friend who tries to reach the best friend of the main character, but is constantly rejected, and another friend is awkward, who can not stand watching positivity in all 24 / 7 and is thrown into one-liners (which in this case is just a collection of references to movies, especially from Disney) and the third guy whose name you never remember, but it is to fill the square and throw comforting messages to anyone who wants to listen .. check it out. We have a former boyfriend of a girl and her parents **** - block the relationship in any way possible, when things are working, not to mention the awkward members of the family from the main character ... check. We have an hour of break in the film, during which everyone is depressed, check. We have "funny" moments of the film coming from constant swearing, falling people or beatings, scenes from the trailer and homosexual innuendos ... check. And dare I call it a spoiler, but we have an end that develops exactly like one thought that develops before even seeing a movie ... check. <br /> <br /> Honestly, it may have ... no, wait ... it should be PG-13. Everything that had to be dropped was all the bombs F. Honestly, an audience that likes this kind of humor would get much more publicity, be less visible in the media, and therefore would not be so liked by people like me who should try to keep it higher than recently R-rated comedies such as Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this movie is so awkward that it does not match what people are looking for. I bet that even the actors were often concerned about some of the dialogues and actions they had to do in the camera. Let's put it this way ... the theater will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and the others laugh. When this movie hits Showtime and you check it out at 14:00 in the day, you may be tempted to change the channel. The only thing that will make you watch is the Alice Eve fever (which is not yet 10 years old, but it still looks very good). <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, this movie threw many threads to the side of the curb and it seemed to have forgotten to write more stories that they were trying to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything else almost flies through the window. So there's the main resolution, but what does this mean? It is never so clear nor does it allow the ending to be "good" with suddenness. <br /> <br /> There was only one thing in this movie that was not worth anything, and it was a good soundtrack. In addition to a good selection of alternative rock songs from the 90s, in some parts of the movie a nice, optimistic result appeared (more in the beginning) that reminds me of what David Holmes has mixed / composed. I give them props for a great choice of sound. <br /> <br /> The final thing, this movie was probably filmed at the end of last summer, because the unintentional but proud sponsor of Pepsi showed the yellow caps they had during the Rock Band promotion. I thought that many Rock Band players will catch on it if you see it. But I say, hold on to your money. If it was PG-13 and you were 15 on a Friday night with a group of friends, I'd say you're out. Otherwise, it definitely will pass. It does not try to compete with rated R films from the last few years, and is not as good at best.
