What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The world's thinnest actress with the most duckling face (even more duck and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) interrupts his bony butt, making silly grimaces that would embarrass Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated TV series. It is also the most annoying television program in the one-hour format, hence the worst. <br /> <br /> All men behave like pansies, and for example I refuse to believe that even fashionable shysters in big cities are all like delta-men like this apologetic (short) group. Wuss Peter MacNicol is even more annoying than Calista Flockofducks with his false disadvantage of "shshshs" from Hollywood: it's a kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S", turning it into a moronic "SH" that Jon likes. Shtewart and Christian Shlater are also enthusiastic. Observing the speech of MacNicol, I always wonder how his jaw is not dislocated ... The human facial anatomy has never had the support of pronouncing "SH" sound more than three times per second. It is a medical miracle. <br /> <br /> This ill-conceived and written set of dramas / comedy also contains a computer from the 90's. It has POLITICAL CORRECTNESS written in huge neon letters. Is there something more unrealistic than a group of LAWYERS full of ideals, high principles and moral fiber? Laughter, but that's how lawyers were introduced in Hollywood from the very beginning. After all, what is more noble than defending a murderer, rapist or thief? When a TV series as late as "Ally McBeak" begins to preach in America about how he should lead the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of recent and large-scale Western folly as well as its perpetrator. <br /> <br /> These alleged accents of "eccentricity", like DANGEROUS annoying musical numbers, are unconvincing and embarrassingly obscene. This is not Monty Python. Regardless of what the "new" creators of this talent, who have no talents, aspired to, they failed with honor. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized television venture aimed at mass yuppia, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. This is another boring "objection to upholding honor, or can I call a witness" a legalistic baloney, which the American audience seems to eat with gusto for some strange reason ...
