No, I'm not going to do this here. I do not agree with the program. Do not you think that maybe this movie is a bit exaggerated? Look at readers' comments and their star ratings: most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think that this is the case in which the assessments can say more about the people that render them than the film itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about simulated bestiality along with horse connections have become mainstream hits as DVD catalog titles? I watched the movie with keen anticipation, expecting fireworks, and instead I got someone who put on a Gucci shopping bag. It looked great, but when the thrill happened, even turning off the tip did not do much to save him. <br /> <br /> The story of the film says it all: director films about 25 minutes of hardcore hardcore beast sex with a different movie, information that the footage will not be right, puts it aside, waiting for two or three years for a little recognition for constructing criticism, then constructing the whole function for about 25 minutes, filming about 70 minutes of otherwise unrelated, terribly boring material and inserting a 25-minute fragment as a sequence of dreams. The fact that the 25 minutes of the film is strikingly strange, original and shocking in a well-thought-out, calculated way, is beyond doubt. But we're not here to judge the 25 minutes alone, we have to consider the whole movie and ask ourselves why people are so enthusiastic about the movie? Or maybe they are simply delighted with history and history, that they were banned by people who were stupid enough to be offended? <br /> <br /> It may be an anti-clerical program that speaks to them. The hatred of the Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance - it has just been revealed today that the BBC routinely distorts its broadcasts with anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiment to support political correctness. You can say everything you want about the Bible, pedophilic priests, institutionalized cruelty of the church and how many white men and their inhumane religions suck the bad ball off the golf ball ... But say one negative thing about non-Western religions and you are a toast. This movie was created for such a feeling, with a wrinkled old dried priest who has a completely unhealthy relationship with two nice 14-year-old French boys with inadequate touch, fawning, fondling, burying, groping and patting backsides. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are horse coupling, photographed in such a fetish detail that the fragments of the film can be used as visual aids for biology lessons in animal husbandry. Yes, I understand the thematic meaning of the pictures - large animal phalluses with the richness of breeding fluids that are waiting to be released as fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to watch horses, you know, do it, I would like to live on a farm. Having genitals in my face is as much fun as watching someone using the bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this film just a kind of artistic entertainment for social deviants? Probably, though I will ensure the artistic realization of most of them, filmed in a specific artistic detail of the euro, which even has a dappled forest pond straight from the Monet painting, with an arched bridge spanned. And the ending (which even I was surprised) in a sense, all this puts in a neat, though unpalatable package. However, it must be remembered that there are certain things that can not be deconstructed because of their design elements, and many artists are guilty of using them in their work to give a type of gravity that would not have been achieved without it. It's unfair, and even Clint Eastwood fell victim to a new movie about Iwo Jima. Regardless of whether his film is any good or not, this battle was a noble cause played by people who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film and will queue up to give him Oscars because of his noble message - not because it's a particularly good or original movie. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem strange, I see one of THE BEAST: How can someone not see the basic beauty of nature in the face of two horses? And who does not see the logical climax of suppressed sexuality from fairytales in an explosive piece of the movie, in which Beauty and the Beast finally do nasty? Somehow I managed to get past both points and I'm glad I saw this movie, so I can destroy it as something that really is: 25 minutes or more of eye opening for the best adult story pictures surrounded by 70 minutes of skull draining boring artsy -Frame Trash about a guy who has a hairstyle and a great ending. It's definitely art, but it sucks. <br /> <br /> 3/10
