Unfortunately, the printout of the movie we were supposed to watch burned down in a fire at Universal Studios last week, so we got stuck on the video. It may even be a metaphor for this secondary King Kong movie from the famous director of the Toho Ishiro Honda studio. Essentially, it's a warm-up for "King Kong vs. Godzilla". He even uses the idea of ​​Mecha-Kong, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film reaches a climax in the fight against Mecha-Kong King Kong at the top of the Tokyo exhibition tower, but if you did not know it was already there, you may be in the age group for which the movie was intended. <br /> <br /> The cast is run by a guy named Rhodes Reason that we've never heard of ... looking at my list I mainly see a lot of scattered American TV movies, so it's interesting that they dragged him all the way to Japan so that they could have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is a more sensitive Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized from the cult version of "Chushingura" Hiroshi Inagaki (47 Ronin), as well as from the original Godzilla Honda films. I'm sorry, Rhodes. You understand whoever you are, but this guy has a lot more screen presence and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with the sweet little blonde played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way Reason would always find a way to interfere between Miller and Takarada, which seemed preferable to her. Of course, like all the leading ladies of the Congo, its basic relationship is the king himself. He discovers a fun trick: if you really talk to a giant monkey ... really ... slowly ... he will understand what you are saying. And if you're blonde, it means she'll do whatever you tell him. This fact is not lost in the case of Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing "a nation that will not be called" - who plan to use it as a bait, to Kong to dig up minerals that are trapped at the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is the real plot of the whole movie - apparently only a giant monkey will be able to extract those minerals that can be used to create super powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuit bothers, so they decide on a real Kong. Kong himself seems temporarily enthralled by Mecha-Kong, an element of the plot that could make the film more interesting, but it was not continued. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, a sweet blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her chiral voice so many times that when both heroes tell her to leave, they finally speak for us all. Essentially, this film dissipates all majesty in the form of Congo, making it a heroic and friendly character much too soon, like the latest version of this story. Kong is just a guy in a suit in this movie and shows him quite a lot to the extent that a silly face becomes impossible to take seriously. This is a nice movie, I'm sure it satisfies the requirements or desires of fans of this type of thing, which in many aspects is more of a wrestling movie than a monster movie. Monsters will never be scared in these movies, they just jump around and often push them around. This is not a worthless movie, but it is extremely predictable and formulas, so for anyone who is less than 10 years old, it will probably be just fun as a comedy.
