It's an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a black and white 75-minute film from Minnesota, in which there are non-actors and talks about two people who find a relationship by looking for a strange life. I applaud the boldness of Reel 13 programmers who have no problems choosing this movie. I just want them to choose a stronger movie in which they could be brave. To tell the truth, I wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the very quality of the film itself (not that TWO HARBORA are completely worthless, but I'll get to it a bit later). <br /> <br /> As with independent films, DWA HARBORIES are limited in terms of location. There are only two real locations? a large garbage dealer market and a very tiny trailer, which is the home of the middle-aged main character, Vica, played by Alex Cole. Screenwriter / director James Vculek uses the market to introduce an exhibition about Vic, who is one of the dealers. He has different people approaching Vic and starting very long conversations that only give us two information? Vic sells space toys (he prefers to call them "space figures") and is a caustic asshole. This is characteristic for one of two key issues related to TWO HARBORS - all calls. I said this before and I will say it again? we're dealing with a visual medium, and filmmakers need to work harder to visually tell their stories. Of course there are exceptions, but generally endless stomping is not so fascinating in the movie? especially if the dialogue is used as an exhibition. Almost all conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily talkative. A remarkable example is the few scenes in which Vic tries to play the role of scout leader to get a discount in the store. He argues with the clerk back and forth, and these scenes do not even accelerate the plot. This is the kind of thing that makes a 75-minute movie long. <br /> <br /> Another problem with DWA HARBORS is acting. When it comes to appearances in the film, I may be a bit of a curmudger, but I really do not feel that there is a good excuse not to have good actors in my films. Are there many good actors out there, many of whom want to work on low-budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers reject the importance of acting skills as secondary to their visualization, but it is naïve. In the film narrative, next to the story, nothing is more important than acting / performing. If you do not believe people who play your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> At first I thought that Vculek used non-actors, but as the film progressed, I decided that they were probably a theater type theater community. It was not that they felt uncomfortable in the camera. The point is that they were too theatrical (ie Large). I admit that the best of the actors were the two leaders? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young girl who is caught in the extraterrestrial hunt of Vica. They seemed to be training the most, but they are still a bit rough on the edges. The eccentricity they presented seemed only superficial - it did not come from a real, organic place inside. Mrs. Johnson is particularly interesting. Definitely have a presence? Mid-West charm, but this charisma denies a lot of problems that should have its character. She tries to portray the quirks that arise from the alleged life of loneliness and labor (slave), based on stock market gestures such as eye rolls, biting lips and stuttering, to suggest her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS are not completely deprived of value and that's what I mean. Without giving away too much, a pale hour appears in the film. After this event, the story takes a stunning turn, so the last fifteen minutes are suggestive and even powerful? it's like a sucker blow in the stomach, but in a good way. It is almost a relief to feel something after these long periods with these characters. The last five minutes of the movie have no dialogue, and the result is the best part of the movie? subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work in the film), and most importantly, cinema. Then with the final subtitles comes the most stunning revelation? that it's based on a real story that made me think. With all the dialogue, minimal locations and lack of cinematic features, it occurred to me that thanks to two actresses with an ass and tight re-writing, TWO HARBORS can make the game really great? maybe even one act. If you're reading this brave theater producer, I definitely recommend checking out if you can get a movie and contact Reel 13 or whatever. In the end, there may be something in this story? <br /> <br /> (For more information on this or another Reel 13 video, check out their website at www.reel13.org)
