Genghis Cohn is a (very) funny British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s, which is visited by the ghost of a Jewish comedian whom he killed 15 years earlier during a service under Hitler in the SS. The spirit returns and wants his killer to live as a Jew to repent of the murders he committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, the German policeman knows the name of this ghost, because the last thing he did before he died, he said in Yiddish: "Kiss my ass". The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around until he found meaning. "Kiss my ass" left such an impression that everyone involved in the murder learned and remembered the name of comedian Genghis Cohn. <br /> <br /> There are several men murdered in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner and there are no useful tips. Men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from a local butcher. The butcher announces that he is missing knives, while the commissioner is in the store to get a sandwich with liver and onions, so the commissioner is a suspect. The first man dies while making love with the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher maintains that he would be very busy if he killed every man who slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the climax of love. <br /> <br /> I think I can be a bit more angry than the ghost of Genghis-Cohn if I was killed like him. He seems to be very good-natured in this matter, as if he was in a minor car accident. I can only guess that it's because it's a British movie and they're known for being very polite people. He uses some of his material from the stand-up route, and I just do not think it's very funny. <br /> <br /> I gave this film 4, because it was just stupid. I thought it should be a little more serious than it was. The film turns out to be a mystery of murder (where did it come from?) And it seemed that Genghis should be more helpful than he. The film gave me a small look at Jewish culture, but it was only deep. Do all Jews love sandwiches with liver and onions? Do everyone say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their everyday vocabulary? Are there any more important things that we should know about culture? <br /> <br /> I saw this movie at the Jewish community center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only one in the room whose hair was not fully gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the movie there were about 20 minutes to discuss the movie. There were two main concerns expressed: 1. The film was too reckless, and future generations might not have understood the importance of what had happened. 2. When the Holocaust survivors die, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought that the other care was funny and I told them that I think they do not have to worry because there is a lot of literature and there will always be people who like watching movies like me. The murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. I am writing this last paragraph because they entrusted me with telling others about my experience that day.
