Billy Chung Siu Hung (blood movie about Assassin's sword from 1993) Love Love Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest products in the category III boom that lived in the HK cinema in the early nineties. It consisted of movies with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less valuable and shocking. Love To Kill definitely belongs to the "more" category with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid disease. <br /> <br /> Psychologist HK Anthony Wong (from Herman Yau's award-winning Untold Story from the same year) plays a business man and a husband who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung), which for some reason does not leave him and saves himself and his little son from the disturbed tormentor. Policeman (Danny Lee, a famous police actor from films such as Dr Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and co-directed by Lee) and The Killer (1989) by John Woo, to name a few), however, sees a problem and begins to protect his wife and son, but Anthony naturally does not like it, and it leads to a typical, ultra-modern and graphic finale during a rain storm. <br /> <br /> The movie is almost completely without any serious merit, because it is just a piece of exploitation to earn when such kind of movies were so popular. Images and happenings are something that has never been in the Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and everything becomes even more amazing when some / most of the taboos for Westerners, such as violence and perversions of child witnesses, are broken in these films, so often reading the same story would make most viewers feel sick, and it also fits well with this movie. <br /> <br /> The film still has a rather interesting and frightening soundtrack in the tradition of the aforementioned Dr. Lamb who practically initiated the entire boom in 1992. Usually, music and soundtrack in HK films is interesting and enriches images, especially in these terrorist films. It is also worth mentioning the cinema, because the film bathes, especially in the finale, in blue colors and lenses (similar to Assassin), and the raging storm is nicely recorded in the camera. Otherwise, there is nothing that would rate the film higher than on the obscene meter. <br /> <br /> Actors and actresses are talented and professional, so they do not make the film worse with their acting. Despite this, the film has the usual humor HK, which makes sick walking even more ill, because the soup is thrown in "humor." This includes jokes about the elevation of Danny Lee and so on. Something you could never find in western "serious" movies. And it usually destroys the mane, which is remarkable in HK movies, because humor is so obvious and tries to entertain audiences and masses. <br /> <br /> The film has a very high level of indignation because it has many scenes depicting the abuse of Wong's wife in various ways. She is raped and molested, beaten and kicked by her husband. We also see some memories of Wong's own childhood, which turn out to be as violent as his own father killed and turned his young son into what he is now. These flashback scenes, mainly at the end of the movie, also include completely unexpected experiences when the images are accelerated (for example, an ax impact), which creates a totally crazy and base atmosphere on the stage. Again, something that only the creators of HK exploitation seem to be able to come up with. The ending itself contains many sudden and shocking moves when the madman wields his ax and also meets several nails, for example in his furious manner. <br /> <br /> The film is also really "suspect" in my opinion because violence and terror are realistically painful and concern things that NEVER should be taken as entertainment, mainly I mean rape. The version that I saw (I saw two versions) contains a very long and bland scene of rape, which tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure if HK audiences really like such images, but I think that nobody with a certain sense of morality in movies / entertainment will ever accept or create something like that. Women are brutally killed and killed in the most sadistic and low way, so that the fate of men seem almost domesticated compared to females. <br /> <br /> The second version that I saw, the newly released DVD in HK (without subtitles) has this scene of "table brutality" in a much longer form than a Taiwanese DVD with subtitles, which is identical to the HK version. I also heard that the old HK Laserdisc differs from the two and because the end credits are filled with scenes and images that are not in the real movie, you can not say how the "uncut" versions were released or shown theatrically. Of course, many films have been cut out, perhaps even before the cinema release. <br /> <br /> The film was written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the first one also wrote films such as Dr. Lamb, The Untold Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988), but with his other films I've seen, Love to Kill is the most free. Dr Lamb and The Untold Story are very brutal and brutal, but they also have some attempt to criticize the authorities and people in general, how easy it is to change into a beast, chasing or fighting one. The terrifying images of tortured The Untold Story, a criminal victim, are very strong and definitely have an impact on changing something that can be spoiled in society and, for example, among the police. But it is not in Love to Kill, it is simply an honest, calculated and quickly exploited exploitation, which was produced by veteran director Kirk "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993)" Wong! <br /> <br /> Love for Kill earns no more than 2/10 from me, because I do not have too much appreciation for such films. (HK) Cinema is supposed to be and can be more, and movies like Love to kill are just commercial parasites living among real works of art.
