"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a movie as such, but it is a short series of clips with a comic slapstick motif. Richard Lester recognized the "film" and paved the way for the first Beatles movie: "A Hard Day's Night". <br /> <br /> Richard Lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. This film was titled "Running, jumping and motionless film" and was supposed to be watched only by those who helped in its production, because the film was to be watched by Lester and his partners, a small amount of money and time was invested. The only purpose of this movie is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment to work with the camera. The film cost 70 pounds and was filmed in sepia by subdued film materials on the field on a few Sundays, all filmed shots were included in the finished production, and the finished production is eleven minutes in length. <br /> <br /> Running, jumping and standing Still Film is a comedy about English Sundays and small hobbies that people do to pass the time to me. All events in this movie take place in the field. A few of these comical events include a woman scrubbing a lawn, a man running on a tree trunk with a needle to play a disc, a photographer developing a film in a pond, an artist helped in painting figures on a model's face, a man building a tent, a runner running around a tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. The film not only has fun on the hobbies that people do to kill time, but also ridicules English culture in comparison with American culture. Another of the several events in this film includes a group of men and a kite that was built from the flag of Great Britain. One of the men jumps into the kite while others try to fly him, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films by Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as a lesser power and technology compared to the United States in the space age. According to this scene, British kites are flying primitive kites, while Americans, world power after World War II, fly highly advanced rockets and space ferries.
