There is nothing cool, fashionable or wise in this film - liking it reveals the ignorance of real artistic cinema. How can you easily forget that the main fact of this whole movie is that these evil and ugly people are. . . SERIES MORDERCY! If they have to split strangers to "be a family again", we do not want them to be "family." What part of it did you have trouble? Why applaud this dirt? <br /> <br /> It's stupid to be dirty what you do if you can not do art! The head and life must be deeply empty to recognize this shallow malice as "interesting." This is a camera without a brain. What really makes the work cool is depth, questioning the status quo from the point of view of knowledge of history (or in this case it would be better to know EVERYTHING!). Instead, it simply randomly collects the ugliest images available in a world that has broken up, thanks to such a kind of empty malice glorified as "a cool reason to be so far away, man!"). The same violent events do happen every day. They are NOT "only in the film". They refer to real people without a soul who would do the same things to you. Do you want to do these things to me? The child could think about it, it required zero imagination, it is NOT surrealism. This lazy shit has no content, does not say anything - it's just the worst evening news and says nothing new, nothing we do not know yet. This is the "new clothing of the emperor", the director hopes that there are enough uneducated children, proud of their inhumane attitude, that this messy dirt could fly. I see now the crazed fans of director Miike: drunken teenagers and smokers with a chain, tattooed, with metal dangling from holes in their faces, and their knowledge is inversely proportional to their respect of intelligence. <br /> <br /> There is no TASK for it - it is the usual use of shock-based violence. In this poorly made film there is no "hidden meaning". It's good to watch a movie to see if you can find cinematic devices that are brilliantly artistic, BUT you can not find a hidden meaning if you do not have THIS! To do this, you must see and review the REAL piece of the cinema. There are many, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkowski, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet . Why are not you watching a REAL artistic film similar to these giants? This would-be director, Miike, will NEVER make a movie equal to one of the geniuses I just mentioned because it simply has no talent! Anyone can slap chaotic nonsense, such as "guest Q". Teens can throw it together in one afternoon! There is no news, no meaning, no conspiracy, nothing to it. There are long ART Films lists that you can learn from - but THIS "Q guest" is NOT an artistic film in any respect. There is no content in this. This is just one banal horror piling up on another, and the point to remember about these hideous crimes is that these things happen each day, somewhere in the world. They are NOT OK because they are "only in the movie." They refer to real people without a soul who would do the same things to you. Do you want to do these things to me? To others? Why? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to people who like to think about terrifying events like this one. <br /> <br /> There are so many artistic films that use your mind for deconstruction, but you are wasting your talents with this piece of nonsense. It has no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; Why are you trying further? I've spent almost 40 years watching virtually every movie ever made, and keeping up with new ones, but I've never seen anything as disgustingly meaningless as this. It is not ingenious or even shocking, because such events happen every day around the world. In order to make this film, and even positively evaluate it, it caused that over 50 young airheads who do not know better think that it is "cool". They can grow up thinking that by persuading others, some of whom can end up DOING these things - convicted killers often reveal how they began in this way, being anesthetized to the horror of this macabre inhumanity. Trust me, - I know cool and cool this piece of nonsense. Visitor Q has the FEEL of the real SNUFF movie and I'm still not sure if it is. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already terrible enough. Some violence like this MAY happen to YOUR or irresponsible director who made this FAKE Art movie. Believe me, you will not think it is "cool" when someone saw YOUR skull in two!
