(LARGE SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and it was a very disturbing and brutal "Audition", which was a study of Japanese ideals of femininity! In "Visitor Q" - I think it means "Visitor Question" - he examines the family in a very disturbing way. Surrealistic vision of the dysfunctional family Miike almost tries to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and film making, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, present a bizarre set of scenarios from the initial scene, in which the figure of the father (Kenichi Endo, who was quite good) pays for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, when the father returns home, he is hit in the head by a "guest" (Kazushi Watanabe) with quite a large rock and for some reason they get back to their family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and intimidated by her son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and intimidated by his schoolmates. When a guest enters the home, he sets up a little dangerously as a part of the unit. Ultimately, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of a guest, by milking the breast, murder and maintaining a sense of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer to each other. He has an unpleasant mood, but he is equally frustratingly stupid and ridiculous. There is a scene of the necrophilia, which is completely disgusting, but ends funny when the scene develops. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can not believe that filmmakers and actors really do! The style of the film is at least weak, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that this is not meant to be realistic, there is almost no interest in these confronting figures and situations, because they all border with the absurd! Working with the camera is sloppy and there is no such cinematic feeling that Lynch's work entails. It is difficult to treat the film seriously at the surreal level or to interpret the family study in Japan. It seems that Miike was in shock, and the movie seems to be aware that he is "trying" to be shocking, and the treatment is seriously almost comical. In conclusion, I would say that this movie is a bizarrely dark comedy, but it looks and is amateurish, and seems unnecessarily shocking. The previous film Miike, Audition, was perfectly balanced between disgusting horror, character development and technique, which resulted in more intrigue in the way the film was made to allow the viewer to engulf the plot. "Visitor Q" is a step down because it tries too hard to be weirdly bizarre and deliberately confronting with little to say! <br /> <br /> ** with *****!
