I must say that it was a bit embarrassing for the "Cowboy King"; made in 1948, the photo appeared ten years after the earliest pictures of Roy Rogers, in which he had a major role. Roy's character in this movie is a bit unconscious, like his friend Jane Frazee, who alternates with Roy and Robert Livingston, portraying the main evil Bill Regan. The whole story seems a little muddled, with unused opportunities for something that could have been a fun hour. Just like the legend of the Hotel kata, which says that a hanged man comes alive at midnight. With Andy Devine in the cast as a Bullfincher cookie, you might think that this story will decrease a bit. Instead, you have some kind of intricate behavior that would be better handled if it was the Bowery Boys movement. It was a sad test of a haunted hotel trick that was based on the poor old Genevieve, which was actually told, ended more and more on the screen than Trigger, who contracted "The Smartest Horse in Movies" with nothing to say upstaged by the mule. And then Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage replace Bob Nolan and Sons of the Pioneers for a musical interlude. I do not know about you, but he was halfway and I was still looking for Pat Brady - well! <br /> <br /> Still, there was an interesting element if you looked strong enough, and it turned out to be a sporting descent from Trigger Roy while he was still running away from the bad guys. OK, it probably was a double stunt, but I have not seen it before in several hundred westerns. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee makes distinctions as a woman in this photo, as in four other films with Roy in 1947/1948. In "Under California Stars" she performed as cousin Andy Devine, appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. But you are never quite convinced about which side she will appear in this story because she begins to pretend to be someone she is not, and ends by chance on the good side of the guy. <br /> <br /> Fans of old films Laurel and Hardy can be as surprised as me, seeing James Finlayson here as Sheriff Sintown. I would like to write a little more comedy relief in his role, but in the end he played it quite simply. I had to think about when it was over, why he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) wrapped themselves in the mine shaft together with Cookie when there was no reason for it to be. I think that this is a way to close it, with more or less the same thought as in the rest of the picture. I hate being so harsh, but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers moves, you must know that it was not one of his better efforts. <br /> <br /> Tell me, Sintown - I wonder if this is the same place that has grown up on Sin City?
