Here are the matches. . . (adv. = korzyść) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (The Ultimate Warrior, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): The Ax is the first to go in seconds, when the Warrior spatter him on a pin (4-3 warriors' helpers). I knew that Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was so unhealthy, why would he have it on the card? That would be his last PPV. Ultimately, both tasks of Legion of Doom and Demolition are cheaper thanks to double disqualification (2-1 Adv. Warriors). Perfect applies Perfect Plex in Texas Tornado to the pin. Then he tries the same in the Warrior, but Warrior does not sell it and throws it away. The warrior returns with a splash to pin Perfect and become the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation against Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The Undertaker is the secret partner and his debut , affects Koko right away from The Tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say his correct height, weight and ending move, pretending he does not know who he is) making him 4-3 to Dibiase's Niedhart power-slams team at Honky's pin ( 3-3) and his WWF career has come to an end, and shortly after Niedhart falls victim to Dibiase with help from Virgil (3-2 by Dibiase's team) Rhodes next to Undertaker - take off the top rope, but do not go silently attacking Brother Love, Undertaker goes after Dusty and he is counted, even though he is not a legal man (2-1 Dibiase band) Almost immediately Greg gets caught in the cradle Hart tries to put a figure with four legs on him and is pinned, it boils down to Hart v Dibia se and after a few minutes m wrestling, Bret turns his cross Dibiase on the pin. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is well used. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake "The Snake" Roberts, "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick "Model" Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending time on Marta Jannetta's ring gets power struck by Warlord, who leaves the top rope for the pin (4-3 ad. Wizjonerzy). Snuka is pinned in a few seconds by Martel, who turns his body cross (4-2 adv. Wizjonerzy). Michaels is caught in Power Plex and pinned by Roma (4-1 ad. Wizjonerzy). It's Roberts now against the four men reminiscent of his Survivor series effort two years earlier. Despite Warlord's attack on DDT, Roberts is counted as chasing after Martel. The Visionaries is the first team in the history of the Survivor Series, which has completely survived as one. Honestly, there is not much worth watching when psychology is in a hurry. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): One Bossman hit eliminates Haku at the beginning of the fight ( 4-3 ad Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets 2 to 4 outs after hitting the earthquake to be disqualified (3-3). Soon after, Bravo commits suicide in his career, allowing Hogan to hold him by the pin (3-2 ad Hulkamaniacs). The earthquake manages to defeat Bossman with two drops of elbow for the pin soon after (2-2). Hogan gets beaten, and FINALLY Tugboat gets a tag (who knew he was at the moment)? He fights for about 30 seconds before he is counted with the Earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. The barbarian commits a nice crime, but he is inevitably caught by the big fall of the shoe and his feet. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) against mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All the Mercanians wore a camouflage face paint. Instant high heels with Santana pinning Zhukov in his last PPV in a few seconds (4-3 c. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik duel. Bushwhackers hit Sato in The Battering Ram, although Tanaka was a legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and would be his last appearance at WWF PPV, when The Orient Express will be repacked. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana deafens him with a flying forearm (4-1 cf. Alliance). Even though Slaughter got into the ring with four men, he eliminates Volkoff (who ended after that), Butch and Luke in that order with relative ease. Finally, Santana beats Slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan hits him with the Iraqi flag. Finally an interesting booking, even though the match was awful. Santana wins as the only survivor and becomes his last best hour. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Egg hatches and Hector Guerrerro in silly outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and is booed out by the crowd, while Piper and Monsoon pretend to be happy. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick "Model" Martel and "Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Only another elimination catalog as Santana pins Warlord within a few seconds with a flying forearm, he at least avenged his previous defeat of Summerslam (team 4-3 with Dibiase). Dibiase then stuns Santana's pistols for a pin (4-2 Dibiase auxiliary team). Hogan throws out Power Plex and begins to pin Roma on a string, effectively killing the power of Power and Glory (team 3-2 ad Dibiase). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting down, while Dibiase eliminates leg for heel (team 2-1 by Hogan). Hogan finally allows the Warrior to a match that quickly deals with the former nemesis of Hercules after splashing. A very predictable end to nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, too many matches and not enough time obviously had a damaging effect, because the wrestlers almost waited for the conveyor belt clipped. Most of the heels were decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to handle a large team of wrestlers.
