Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funniest women who were in "Saturday Night Live." It is a pity that together with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph they played SNL during the longest episode of unusual writing and sketching (around 2002-2006) he had ever had. Still, these two women know what is funny and know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will notice in the subtitles for this movie that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote this story "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the actual script, consisting of dialogue and all the important supporting materials that make the story becomes a multidimensional film? Yes, only Shiraki. Only one guy wrote a dialogue about the movie and no woman apparently wrote the script together with him. The result is a quite stereotypical spring movie that does not just impersonate fake Christmas, which uses it the same as MTV every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Parker Posey could contribute to the writing of a handwritten scenario, it would be much less trivial. The premise is original, it tells of three thirty-something women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently also in college) who never had a pleasant spring journey, which they supposedly dreamed of. I say "allegedly" because you never know what the pleasure of these characters is. They went to talent concerts in the past, where they sing old primitive hymns, such as "True Colors", and spend their nights together organizing their own pizzas. Even if none of them is particularly unattractive, the outside world seems to treat them like them. There is a scene in which Poehler's blind student (played by Poehler's husband, Will Arnett) asks her for a date, only to touch her face and immediately change her mind. If Poehler's character was to be unattractive, they apparently hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The film still promises, although we have doubts about the main characters, when Posey's boss, Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, as always funny) employs Posey to look after her unpopular daughter aged student (Amber Tamblyn, who plays another woman who is attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any character in this movie) while she goes to a holiday place on Laguna Beach, in the spring. Poehler and Dratch come, reluctantly get drunk, a party they should look like when they were in college, and then the final game with the bastards run by Sophie Monk arrives. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body that both men and women would kill for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career begins with a sharp indecent movie "Date Movie" (2006) and a disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she is playing on the southern belle, though her voice sounds as if she has stolen the Delta Burke voice mailbox. She's a little too pissed off by her, trying too hard to play a bizarre bitch who comes out like a caricature of spoiled college kids, like the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released directly on DVD, despite the star role of Amy Poehler, but rightly so because the story is too banal. It could well be called "Spring Lamp's Spring Breakdown", and the magazine probably would not have sought to infringe trademark rights because of free advertising. If director Shiraki gave at least one woman a creative contribution, especially Rachel Dratch, this movie would be great and would not be as popular as the frat house comedy we saw earlier. I know that Dratch will come up with a different funny concept, and hopefully she will be able to fill the rest of the script. It is fun enough and deserves something better than this half-baked comedy that will accept Brother Stiffler with open arms.
