I left this movie with the feeling that it could have been much better. Instead of what should be the thrilling, tense story of the boy's struggle for survival in the wild, the National Geographic documentary meets advertising Columbia sportswear. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) getting ready to travel by plane to his father. His mother accidentally gives him an interesting choice of ax as a gift to leave (which is wrong with Rubik's cube?), Little to know how soon he will need it soon. In the air, an airplane pilot (mime-and-miss-miss, Ned Beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless as the plane enters the lake. Extremely happy that we walk (or rather swim) practically unscathed, Brian has to find shelter, food and hope for help. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the movie starts here. By the very nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has very few lines to speak, so the movie should have compensated, increasing the tension of each scene. Instead, it is shown, walking, sitting, and so on, with a minimal sense of threat. As a result, too much reliance on retrospection on the troublesome marriage of parents is a source of tension. These scenes just bother you and do not add much to the story. What's worse, sometimes Jared ?? his face covered in mud - he releases the original scream or two, which causes unfortunate similarities to the "Predator". Speaking of misfortune, we could do it when we were not spared the sight of its mullet, but probably helped him to keep warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a completely ineffective performance as a mother. Both she and her father have a very small impact on the film. For example, we never show how they react to messages about Brian's disappearance, how they can organize rescue attempts, and so on. This is just one source of tension that the filmmakers would do well if they did not spend so much time on the events that took place before Brian set out on his journey.
