Another cast of a great star, another set of glamor, another renowned director, another movie full of songs that are at the top of the chart mirror, but unfortunately what is missing at the end of the day is the story that every filmmaker expects from such a large budget. There is so much hype in the film before the premiere of the "red carpet". A buzz that to some extent affected Anil Kapoor predicting that the movie will be one of the best love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well, Anilji, what movie did you talk about? Well, the plot of the film consists of 6 different couples and 12 different people who have a completely different approach to life, but despite a different approach to life, everyone has one common problem, this is LOVE. Well, really motivating theme. But we did not expect that the film would be so boring that the last expectation that the audience would have from such a multistarrer would fail. These are movies that I completely dislike because after the huge zloty is spent on a multiplex ticket I am closed in the theater for 4 hours just waiting in agony for the culmination. <br /> <br /> The problem starts from the very beginning. The director is so confused with the plot that he is somewhat surprised how to divide the time interval into six different stars. Some couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (whoever is a woman opposite him) simply do not make sense to exist in the movie. Salman (who is called Rahul in a strange way in the whole movie. Something in the style of Rahoooooool), as usual he tries to be exceptionally cool with his Videsi-style Hindu accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least get advice from Abhishek to improve his acting skills. A simple striptease will not make the movie a hit every time. And Anilji stops shaving her beard with a trademark or you look just like a eunuch. And smooching girls in the age of your daughters looks just as uninteresting as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilji, avoid putting such unnecessary scenes in a movie that is not entirely needed for the picture. <br /> <br /> Another major disadvantage of the film was that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. Each story looks as if it was taken from various films connected in the sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishqa. Bollywood still has to learn a lot from movies like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect trick of plotting the various unrelated sequences, creating the perfect mixed story. <br /> <br /> Somewhere during the pre-release review of movies, someone predicted that the movie would not be good, because the title of the movie is 28, and 28 is considered the wrong number in numerology. But I take my stand completely, claiming that the film will fail because of its numerological drawbacks, but because of the innumerable flaws that have survived in the film. And when a director like Nikhil Advani can make such a serious mistake in the whole story, no miracle would save a movie from bombing at the box office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion for everyone who is, avoid watching this movie at any price. It is not worth the cake you pay for the ticket. Indeed, there are better movies on theater screens that are worth watching more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
