Six for the price of one! So this is bonanza time for Cinegoers. Is not it? This is not one, not two, but all SIX love stories, the cast of the best Bollywood stars, as well as all the stories from the favorites of favorite directors Johar, Bhansali, Chopry and others. You'll see every damn kind of love story you've liked or tolerated for years. So nothing great for you. Do you need something more? No, sir, thank you. Why ladies? Just. Save us. They signed each major star they managed to sign, regardless of whether it was required or not, so they eventually make a circus of stars, believe it or not. Too crowded Each of the things presented here is exactly as written in the Bollywood Romance book. Plus you have to justify the length of each story, because each of them has stars. Therefore, it is too long and three hours plus. The gag is transparent. The characters are transparent. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution? yes, did you guess it again? tested and tested. The same hundreds of dancers dancing in colorful outfits in the background. Why do not they have another job? All pairs are sweet-sweet, fairy-tale, perfect image. Everything looks good. Every story begins in a perfect way, and therefore should also end in such an impossible, perfect way? Too accidentally. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything you've seen a million times. Bloody false, unreal, escapist abnormalities considered normal for more than a century after the evolution of this Indian cinema. What a mockery of the sensitivity of today's audience? Yes, it could be a parody if he simply paid tribute to love stories from the past, but unfortunately, even this thing has not been investigated. At least the director Nikhil Advani should have tried one unconventional, unconventional love story, but what will happen to the tradition of keeping up with the commercial bollwood potboiler brigade? ABOUT! Someone has to continue, no. Imagine, on the one hand, the audience has difficulty going through one such love story, and here we have six times more pain. I mean six goddamn stories. I mean double fun with Mohabbatein chopry (year 2000). In this age and time, get something real, guys. We are desperate now to see people who are not so colorful and not so clear stories. Oh, what you said now, this is entertainment. My advice, please do not waste time reading such reviews. Instead, go for more entertainment! Thank you.
