Who are these "them" - actors? filmmakers? Certainly it could not be the audience - it is one of the most inflatable productions. Is this a movie that seems to be great fun when shooting photos? TOO PLEASANT fun, no one does any real work, and it almost always makes watching the movie is not fun. <br /> <br /> Ritter uses eyeglasses to hammer home status of his character as a doppleganger Bogdanovich in glasses; scenes with airy Mrs. Stratten are cute, but they have troublesome, they look-guys-mom-dates-the-prom-queen. Ben Gazzara has a canary smile typical of the cat in a vain attempt to raise a modest conspiracy, which requires him to chase Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of narcolepsy in the insomnia clinic. In the meantime, comforting children (a warning about nepotism: Bogdanowicz's daughters) spit out adorable people and gather quite disturbing hints about "love", watching their parents. (Mrs. Hepburn, drawing on her dignity, manages to rise above the proceedings - but she has a huge challenge to play herself, allegedly.) Everyone looks great, but so what? It's a movie and we can expect it, if you're looking for it, it would be better if you took a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh, and you have to mention that Colleen Camp totally annoys, even outside his singing, which, although competent, is completely unconvincing ... the country and the west are miserably unmatched to the standards on the soundtrack. Surely this is NOT what Gershwin thought (who wrote the song from which the title of the film comes); his stage musicals from the 1920s could be light, but at least they were charming for a long time. "They All Laughed" tries to keep up with their good intentions, but none of them, Peter Bogdanovich - does not make sense to turn on the brakes. <br /> <br /> To a large extent thanks to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - he even bought it from his producers, then distributed it himself and went bankrupt when it was not popular. Its rise and fall is one of the most lovable and tragic Hollywood stories, so there is no joy in criticizing the film ... there is a real emotional investment in the scenes of Mrs. Stratten. But "Laughed" is a weak echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - after "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love" it was a staggering confirmation of the phase from which PB never appeared . <br /> <br /> In total, however, the film is harmless, it is only a loss for rent. I want to watch people having fun, I go to the park on a sunny day. I will stick to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy for cinematic manifestations of joy and love ...
