There are many problems with Salaam-e-Ishq Nikhila Advani. A one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in the earlier English movie - Love Actually) goes wrong because of inept and shallow writing. The idea of ​​good intentions is crushed into pieces under the weight of his own gigantic ambition. A director so completely overpowered by his own applauded first film exaggerates with the devices that worked in his earlier film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to count how many times the split screen device is used in this movie. The problem is that in Kal Ho Na Ho the fabulously emotional excesses of Karan Johar's film school worked, but here the "emotions" do not impress us with their appearance on the screen - no, not even exaggerated. The screenwriter / director gives us "six relationships with one common problem - love", but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the "emotion"? "Homage to love" without emotion? And one that lasts and lasts and no ...... No, it just does not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for such a portmanteau movie is that not only each single story should be "complete", but it should - in one way or another - follow the chart traditional structure of three acts (screenwriting gurus) Syd Field's Paradigm). This is the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. None of the stories had any depth or roller coaster ride of the emotional ups and downs that can be expected in the main Hindi cinema. In addition, the link between some stories seemed weak and very forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If he was obliged to be present on the wedding scene in a neat package, why not conjure up a few coincidences and bring the other two couples also to the wedding? That would be better. <br /> <br /> But yes, some stories were very promising. First of all, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla is trying to deal with a very real situation - midlife crisis, but his journey is so linear that you wonder if it's really a problem. Similarly, the problem of involvement in Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia's story is also consistent with life. If only it was developed a little better. I felt that the more promising stories in this mishmash were narrated from the male point of view, which is okay, but it lowers the emotional quotient of these stories, because the female figures - in particular Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia - have all the depth in the half-filled tub. Was not this movie about 12 different fates? Now the actors. John Abraham still has to learn acting, while Widja Balan is reliable and endearing as always. Anil Kapoor gets a role written especially for him, but sometimes he overcomes the boredom of his character. Because she did not get a fleshy character to perform, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to hide it. Akshaye Khanna is doing well despite several trinkets in several scenes. Ayesha Takia does not have much to do, but reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her daring performance at Dor. Govinda is trying to make up for this HUGE error called Bhagam Bhag and is very successful. <br /> <br /> This brings me the most annoying song in the film (which inevitably ends with the maximum time on the screen) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The song is irritating mainly because of this. But I must admit to them for their coherence. They are consistently BAD in the whole movie. Priyanka could be another Hamming queen - I do not buy nonsense, which her role ("girls from objects") required her to act at the highest level. Someone should tell her what is the difference between extravagance, because the character requires it, and even hamming. If you saw Rakhi Sawanta (who seems to be the inspiration for this role) in your interviews and Bigg Boss, you know what I mean. I definitely think that if Nikhil Advani took Rakhi Sawant into this role, not a bigger star like Priyanka, history could work better. Salman Khan's false accent is ... well, Hindi Shannon Esra is less accented than Salman. <br /> <br /> To be honest with the director, he manages to add good director accents to the film. I especially liked the use of gray as the dominant color in the history of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chaw as a metaphor for their boring existence and bright colors that come into the story with the appearance of the second woman. But will someone decide to paint their home in different, depressing shades of gray? This is an acceptable movie license. But when the film lasts almost 4 hours, it seems that the director is trying too hard to give the viewer a glimpse of his "touch" in the infinitely meandering assembly of uninspiring sequences. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater for as long as humanly possible - pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
