It's a sad movie for sad people. I sat in theaters, tearing at my hair, wanting to break the chairs in front of me, while the movie spit out one tempting scene after another. And there were people roaring with laughter behind me, which made me wonder what kind of films these people must watch to really enjoy this horse. <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories without a storyline and no interesting characters. The script is boring, he was probably drunk when he wrote this movie. None of these stories is strong. Nothing new, nothing to keep the audience and full of dialogues that you would have heard a million times before. One of the stories tells you that a couple can not have sex because of a series of misfortunes that happen each time they want to do it. I mean, seriously, is this story really necessary? It is not funny, not creative, but only proves that Advani does not make sense of comedy. Another story (which was probably the only story of interest to me) is based on the man's infidelity and this also ends with a lame, age-old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar crap. I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot was about. There was no problem on the plot to make it a story. Can not take Karan Johar's film because he must marry Salmaana ?? Why can not he marry him and continue to take the movie? or do Advani and Priyanaka just want to prove to the world that it is true that actresses can not be successful if they are married or that they should not work in films after marriage? With six actors in the film, Advani is not able to produce the film himself. Therefore, he fully uses sponsors such as the Times group, shamelessly promoting his Filmfare magazines. And also some brands of jewelry that women in the film absolutely love !! I come to IMDb to give him the worst rating and I am shocked to see the news praising the film. It just shows the sad state of bollywood and how the star hit the fans. With such fans, such films as Salaam E Ishq will continue to be produced, and worse, probably a hit.
