The concept of this horror movie for television is ridiculous, but hey, it was late seventies and literally all the stupid horror formats were damn profitable, so why not use the idea of ​​a satanic dog? The story "Devil Dog" is easy to describe for fans of horror: just think about "The Omen" and replace the newborn boy with the nest of German Shepard puppies! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the movie is all about! During the opening sequence, members of some Satanic cult buy a female in the heat just to satisfy Satan himself. One would think that the Lord of Darkness has other things to do than to deal with the German Shepard and take over the world by one bad puppy, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "Omen", one of the puppies is taken by a family of models and grows into a beautiful and charismatic animal. But happiness? is the dog's name? it is pure evil and eliminates annoying neighbors and nosy school teachers in a derivative and despicable way. He also inflicts his mischievous figure on his wife and children, but he can not force his father (Richard Crenna) to put his hand in the mower because he is "chosen." The whole thing becomes too stupid for words when Crenna finally goes to Ecuador to search for ancient wall painting and receives advice from an old wizard who speaks English perfectly. I think he learned it by living in isolation on the mountain top all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's up with Helen", "Ruby") and the main actor Richard Crenna ("Wait, it's dark", "Evil") are desperately trying to create a tense and mysterious atmosphere, but all in vain. Scenes such as cute puppy eyes spontaneously igniting a Spanish maid or a dog avoiding crutches without moving cause chuckle instead of terror, and even terrifying musical melodies can not cause it. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially towards the end, when the Satan dog mutates into a completely shoddy shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really stupid movie, but it's definitely fun to watch late night with friends and a lot of alcohol. There are fun short scenes by Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the terrifying queen of worship and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as a bad seller of fruits, vegetables and puppies. And yes, this annoying daughter is the same child who gets blown away complaining about ice cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13".
