As might be expected, Mazursky's film from the 1970s would be a counter-culture, sympathetic to hippies - and has many hippies - and of course it is childishly anti-authoritarian (eg Mexican scene border when Sutherland provokes a customs officer, showing little respect, and then accuses him of forcing him to open his luggage just because (Sutherland) has long hair). Constant left-wing dribbling could upset me if I had not been prepared for it before; Sutherland talks loudly with her family and friends about potential ideas for the film in her next film, and most of these ideas are about black or Indian (needless to say that he will be welcomed with Hollywood today). One of his ideas for the film is a black uprising in Beverly Hills - so to speak, a racing war in the middle of L.A. This is a kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks about when writing scripts for his films. Fortunately, some hippie friends of Sutherland make fun of this black revolutionary assumption, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; a little later, the Jewish guy revolves around Sutherland, making a film about "masturbation and the black problem" when he starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is that Sutherland's older daughter performs some nonsense with white schoolmates on stage and everyone says: "We, black inhabitants of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> Hollywood is a Hollywood movie, especially when it's Hollywood that's making a Hollywood movie that's about the Hollywood movie. Now it is very, very indulgent. The scene with Fellini (playing alone) is however more fun than annoying. Mazursky throws standard floral children and anti-Vietnamese nonsense into the soup, and jokes about corporate Hollywood, but was / is just as part of "false Hollywood" (lyrics from this song in a surrealist war segment) like any other; I'm pretty sure he also makes fake talks in the Beverly Hills parties and grins, shaking hands with people he does not know or dislike, but whose money he wants wrong for his next (left) project. As for his hair: he has the worst hair I have seen for a very long time (on film or elsewhere); it is a kind of long hair that would have a middle-aged accountant if it grew so long. The film remains relatively interesting, despite its pointlessness, but at the last third of the time it is slightly drowsy. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by e-mail.
