"Baptists at Our Barbecue" is the best movie ever. Now that I've turned your attention to this horribly inaccurate statement that should be offensive, if you say, let me start my brief review of this tacky, offensive, pretentious and boring junk. First of all, the low budget of this stinker is completely obvious based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa and the tacky, over-preaching, grumpy and slim scenario of F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that he sends a very pro-mormon and a kind of anti-every other message of religion. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons, half in full Baptists. It shows all the main and model figures being Mormons, and being so nice and perfect, they are chosen by the evil, clever and very judgmental Baptists. It shows how beautiful the Mormons are, and how the Baptists with a cold heart and ignorant, instead of showing some solidarity, they would be appropriate and realistic. I am part of no religion (I am actually an atheist), but it has offended me, along with the next innumerable Baptists most likely. It shows that the Baptists are very unopened and unpleasant to the Mormons, and the Mormons are very accepting when there is actually a mutual or similar dislike among them. I'm sorry, I did not want to go to the edge. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of "Baptists at Our Barbecue" I did not care for was acting. The performances are very amateur and unnatural, especially on the part of the female role of Heather Beers. Miss Beers stumbles on his role without any passion and feeling for his role, and Dan Merkley was not impressed, who is the main character in this boring movie, but I must say he is much more talented or shows more talent in this film than Heather Beers. Whoever played the city sheriff was terrible too. Although there may be some laughter in the film, it is full of stereotypes. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds consolation with a native American who always gives him the best advice on issues related to the tribal lifestyle - how trivial? For the situation to become an even more pathetic stereotype, Tartan buys a poor, lonely pagan puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far away as 'Baptists at Our Barbecue'. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a charming and interesting little indie about religion. All I got was, well, a bit of nonsense. Rating: D- <br /> <br /> my assessment guide - A + (absolutely impeccable); A (masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (perfect); B + (great); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutley horrendous); F (not one salutary feature in this piece of Hollywood droppings).
