Offering a deadly combination of horrible writing, terrible acting and a horrible direction, it is a toss that Kinjite: Forbidden Objects is offensive or just amusingly evil. It's almost as if someone was running a competition to make the ugliest, the weakest Cannon movie. As if it was not enough to have a look at the list of casts, including characters such as "Lesbian Pedophile", "Perverted Gentleman", "Porn Actress", this is your only chance to see a policeman Charles Bronson throwing life on the bed and catching a dildo - but do not worry It's all right, because the screams on the screen show that he is torturing him only for information. After all, even if he is a bit overprotective for his pretty Catholic daughter, he is a nice Catholic cop who regularly brings the local Catholic priest William O'Connell a packed lunch and who believes in poetic justice - or at least ensures that bad guys end up latch with the most terrible prisoners providing maximum security to give them the taste of their own medicine. But that's what you get for telling him, "Look, I think you're a bit unstable." Even so, when he was later offered a bribe, he might snarl: "I'd like to push it in my ass, but I do not want to get my hands dirty", he clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he just creates a $ 25,000 worth of watch and lit it up your Cadillac. Anal obsession goes even for the title of the movie: despite the poster with a naked Japanese porn movie set, the only direct example of the movie Kinjite / forbidden topics, like the English teacher Alex Hyde White explains to a group of Japanese businessmen, or talking about your bowel movements in a polite society . <br /> <br /> Bronson is not just too old for this because the opening battle is too bright, he's too old to be interested in Peggy Lipton's love, and she looks old enough to have grown-up children. A better actor than he ever got recognition when he received the right material, here he got a less well thought out character than a series of outrageous reactionary idiosyncrasies. When he does not widen the suspect's circles, he accidentally drops them to death from the sides of the buildings. Certainly not P.C. copper, with a special dislike for the Japanese - as if it was not bad enough that they are buying American companies, what's worse, they are doubling on the public road! No racial minority is vulnerable, whether it's a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel clerk, no banal cliché of the unclaimed, be it a fist punching the table or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and his spectacularly bad hairspray, which is visible that it deserves its own shielding). Twin plot stories - Bronson's L.A. is trying to destroy the pimp Juan Hernandez, who deals with underage girls and Japanese obsessive businessman about James Pax porn? last forever to interlace, and then in the most unlikely way: after dealing with Bronson's daughter on the bus ("Some oriental guy touched my holy saint!"), in the idea of ​​poetic justice Pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. You expect the writer to turn his head around the corner of the screen and say: "How do you like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere under all laziness is the germ of a good idea, even if it is too muddled, to ever be clear what it really is the idea, but the performance is pure Rising Sun: Archie Bunker Version, made like the music videos of the 80's music video with an outrageous and rather lazy dock shooting - the "up-and-blow-up" finale in which there is a small army of helpers with machine guns. The last of Bronson is mostly angry at various collaborations with J. Lee Thompson? and unfortunately, Thompson's last film as a director - is a weak signal for two underestimated players who increasingly do not seem to be so discerned as to the photos they claim to be.
