Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) to the estate of Dean, once owned by the late Christopher Dean (John Carradine), on arrival he is greeted by four children Mr. Dean, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) and his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) plus Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her colleague Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake records the late father's wishes after his death, a fortune worth 136 million dollars to be divided equally among his four children, if one of them dies, the money will be divided evenly between the rest and if all will die for the weird servants of Elga (Ivy Bethune ), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and more mundanely named Frank (John Russell) would put a fate. Well, dissatisfied with the share of USD 136 million (which still amounts to almost USD 35 million in 1971, which does not sound too bad for me), someone decides that he wants it all for himself and soon appears in the heads of a headless refrigerator ... <br /> <br /> Co-screenwriter, produced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy, failed me on two accounts. At the beginning, the alternative of this film and more popular title is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of the little-known horror directed by Andy Milliagen in 1978, which I always wanted to see, both films are regularly mixed, because both have similar stories and when I checked my screen TV guide Legacy of Blood, I was excited because he said it was Milligan's film and even mentioned him as a director, so when I sat down to watch him and hear John Carradine's voice and I knew then it was not a movie Milligan, who I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then of course there is a simple but undeniably simple fact that Blood Legacy is a total complete shit that is sometimes painful to watch. The Monson and Eric Norden script is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The characters are absolutely bizarre in an annoying way, a freak of a servant who asks his sister (?), To flutter him, a strange set of Brothers and Sisters who are simply totally unacceptable and so far from reality that any tension or mystery that a very simplified crime story could be reached, and then there is a horrible ending that can be guessed in the first 10 minutes. Watching is boring, it's bad and you just have to think about it. Please, someone will save me because it's really bad things. I could talk all day about how bad Blood Legacy is, I could. <br /> <br /> Director Monson either worked with a non-existent budget, or judging by that, he should not even manage the movement. The whole film looks ugly, is poorly photographed and has no atmosphere or fear. Blood and blood are tame, there is an ax in the head, a beheaded head, a scene in which someone is stung by the wasp and the best murder when someone's face is eaten by the piranha. However, there are question marks on this scene, so there is a victim, right. It's a piranha tank, right. The victim's head is placed in a piranha tank, right. Pirahna eat the faces of the victims. The water remains crystal clear despite the fact that the victim has a eaten face, where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically, Blood Legacy is awful, it looks terrible, the sound was clearly recorded live and it is muffled and hard to hear, which, given the terrible dialogue, can be a blessing in disguise. The actors will not win any prizes that are certain, the least he said about it better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a horrible movie, there really is not one positive aspect, or I can not think about it. Do yourself a favor and do not worry about it, there are much better films there.
