I bought one of 50 film collections "Legacy of Horror" and do you believe that I am still looking through them to find a good HORROR movie in them. Sometimes you can find nice but camp sites like The Devil's Messenger or The Devil Bat, or one of Alfred Hitchcock's great films (some are not terrifying though, and are only there because Hitchcock has made some horrors and strains), but other times it seems that they put movies like The Island Monster and that's because they can not come to terms with the fact that they'll easily be forgotten and they should be for that. <br /> <br /> So we're opening up to the idea of ​​Westing. A rich but cruel and abusive father, played by Carradine (the only permanent element of this), died and left a legacy to his children and servants whom he still hates. Carradine provides enough good performance, as always, but it remains mainly in voice recording and retrospection sequences, so we can sit through mediocre / horrible performances. The rest of the rolls are overreacting or not working in scenes. Considering that it was an independent 70's movie, lighting and effects are quite limited. It is difficult to build a lot of tension when the viewer can not see what is going on well in some scenes. Some actors, such as the servants Igor and Elga, make at least the effort and I'm ashamed to admit that left me a bit of giggles at the end mainly because of pure stupidity, but still with some very lucky luck that they pulled out some version of the turn quite obvious, who did it, but not enough to improve the quality of the movie. You have no intention of liking characters because they are selfish, cruel or psychotic, but they take them to a whole new level and make them unnoticeable. Death scenes are very bad, and tension does not exist. This proves that you'll probably like the 20-movie "Chilling" package that includes movies like House on a Haunted Hill, Little Shop of Horror with Jack Nicholson and Night of the Living Dead. It's best to avoid it.
