I have been a fan of all things Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course I am a Catholic, I come from a well-educated family and I go to church with my own will, which probably ends with quite many opinions of Bill. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is uniformly negative. He is right in documenting his sociological aspects, i.e. One faith builds his holidays on another, and many wars have been started because of religion (or, more specifically, by the malevolent appeals of people to the ultimate and unquestionable authority of God), but it never said that looks at his positive side. Honestly, I think that the hell would freeze before Bill humbles himself and goes to the Calcutta slums where Mother Teresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. She is obviously dead, but he could easily visit a Jesuit priest from East LA, who runs Homeboy Industries, who works with young men with typical gangs and prison environments to teach them professional skills, remove tattoos and become responsible members of society, or could visit the USC's Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which brings together some of the world's finest theologians, diplomats and investment bankers to explore ways of integrating the world's poorest countries globally in global capital markets, thereby improving the living standards of the world's half of people who live less than $ 1 a day. Of course he will not do it, because it would require him to consider evidence that does not easily fit his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it is much easier to continue malicious, superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> It fits another big problem with Bill's movie, which is that he never surrenders to anyone on his level or on who is better than him. In this movie, Maher the Cornell hail spends most of his time talking to truck drivers in a non-denominated Christian truck stop service, in a nightclub with a Dutchman who still smokes a pot, with a minister of a store church in Miami claiming to be the reincarnation of Christ, and with the actor playing Jesus in the theme park "Holy Land". <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's film, except for superficial speculation next to the Doctor at Grand Central Station, that religion chemically changes the brain like drugs and that religion is a mistake of tradition on the masses, is any serious and questioning interview with professors of philosophy and theology from schools such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, who could have rhetorically cut off his head in the debate on this subject. You will not see any serious discussion about any of the writings of C. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course you will not find any discussion about any non-Abrahamic faith (Judaism, Christianity and Islam). At the end of the day, you get a textbook example of a patronizing, snobbish elite from the west of LA who creates a movie for your genre and who has absolutely no understanding of how the other half of America that he chose George W. Bush (twice) lives his life or a school of thought behind it. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of what Bill says, but for someone who has his intellect and influence, this movie was nothing less than pathetic. Anyone who is interested in the intellectual ferment, which usually brings indie documentaries, can find more stimulation in the old Teletubbies repeat.
