I rented it soon after I got the "Thrown Out" by Ben Stein and thought it was interesting. Before I go any further, it seems to me fair that I pay attention to the following issues so that the reader can see if I am prejudiced or not. I try to be objective when it comes to recordings. <br /> <br /> I usually like the HBO Maher program from time to time, although I rarely think it is a source of humor. I do not care about his standing. But from time to time he does some good things in the show, and I liked politically incorrect, although he was still politically correct (which I think is negative, because the word itself is Orwellian or at least fascist). As for my religious views, let me say for simplification that I am a non-denomination. A Christian with certain views that are objective and some are mixed agnostically. <br /> <br /> By saying this, this is a bad "document" for reasons that have not yet been addressed by many reviewers - although those listed are also important. The reason why it is not convincing is not only that it argues the main point, not letting others talk (and its point boils down to anything logical, just "give me a break, really?", Which is not a point, only question, try David Hume if you want a decent argument.) The reason why this is not convincing lies in the lack of experts in this field. I saw it about 2 months ago and I only remember that he was talking to one person whose references as a professional were mentioned if he was not a cleric. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with a master's or doctor's who want to do a bit of verbal sparring, especially in the field of history, anthropology or many others. <br /> <br /> If you compare it to Ben Stein, he released "Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed", in which he learned that Stein interviews 30 renowned professors, specialists, clergy, etc. He does it through various sources of different origin. In his film, he also emphasizes freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily point to the evil committed by theocratic rules for centuries or persecution for this reason. Instead, it idiotically refers to secular totalitarian regimes of the twentieth century as proof that secularism needs more social and political power !!!! (this is in the bonus features where he stands in front of Anne Frank's house.) This is a real Orwellian journey through the head. He blames Christianity in particular for many senseless deaths - which have taken part, though much smaller than most !! - without even the basic view of evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is overshadowed by the miserable record of the twentieth-century secular humanism. <br /> <br /> Another glaring weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone who would be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He chooses the weakest gazelles from the herd. How difficult is it? How do you prove the existence of exceptions towards the overthrow of the general rule? It is not. Wow, so people in cults think beyond the norm? How instructive to know. Great job Maher! Again, it will be quite easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work to overthrow the idea of ​​a "patriotic duty," which requires a person to fight in every war in which his country is involved. <br /> <br /> After all, it just is not so funny. Some clips, which are superimposed on "clever" context / disrespectful ways, can make you laugh, but mainly work to illustrate how the real contextual Maher argument will NOT come, let alone be convincing. He spends most of his time breaking down Christians, harassing inaccuracies and interviewing groups that do not really allow him to answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the sake of it, there are good questions that can be asked honestly and many who should be asked about themselves. It does not affect almost any of them. I have the impression that I could have responded much better to most of his questions than the people with whom he interviewed, but the whole thing reeks of the waist stack in terms of what is contained and what has been edited.
