John Boorman's 1998 The General has been hailed as a great return, though it is difficult to understand why in the film itself. One of the three films produced this year with the famous North Irish criminals Martin Cahill (alongside the Ordinary Decent Criminal and Vicious Circles), has a lot of incidents and style (the film was filmed in color but was released in B & W Scope in some territories), but it makes absolutely no impact and just lasts forever. With the main character who threatens witnesses, car bomb doctors cause hundreds of people to lose their jobs, try to buy a sexually abused daughter of one of his gangs to stay away from jail, and the nails of one of them on the snooker table Still remains a popular a local legend, which is an attractive enough personality for his wife not only to approve, but even to suggest a ménage trio with his sister, he needs a charismatic, central performance to sell a character and a movie. I do not understand. Instead, this is Brendan Gleeson's worst and most disinterested performance: he delivers his lines and stands in the right place, but nothing points to either the local hero or the intrinsic activities of a complex character. On the other hand, it helps not to overflow a character who is nothing but a selfish bandit, but he argues with a script that seems to expect us to love him and his antics. <br /> <br /> There is a small section that raises interest when the IRA triggers a local campaign of hatred against "the general" and its people, painting them as "anti-social" drug dealers only because Cahill will not share the booty from robbery them, but its temporary resolution is so vague - it has something to do with Cahill putting on a balaclava and joining the protesters who are supposed to find a polite insolence - that he's just thrown out. Matters are more effective in the last third phase, when the pressure is rising, and his army is falling apart, but by then it is too late to really worry about it. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and beautiful Angeline Ball are doing well in supporting supporting roles, but hammy Garda Void Jon Voight seems to be more responsible for American sales than moral balance, overcompensating for Gleeson's lack of commitment to what appears to be a total lack ignition. Return Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
