As in any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to mention a good gangster movie, I would have to choose dozens. If you asked me to exchange a bad gangster movie, probably the first one that appeared in my mind is one that's still depressed about a week of disappointment, since I saw the movie for the first time and I promise you the last time. This movie is "The General", unrelated to the silent movie from 1926 with the same name. This is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions not for the story (it is more than easy to follow), but for why filmmakers decided to make this rather poor project. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007), two great mob movies "The General" are based on real people and real events. The film revolves around the Irish criminal Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who began his long chain of crimes stealing food as a teenager, and then proceeding to rob museums and homes as an adult. Meanwhile, police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) are desperately and energetically trying to prove just one of their crimes and convict him (or kill him). <br /> <br /> Maybe it's because it's a movie in the same category as the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two films "The Godfather" I was expecting too much from "The General." But it can be too easy. It would be a bad movie if I had not seen the masterpieces mentioned before, before being flooded by the boredom in this village and its overstretched time of screaming bad scenes. Let's start to knock the movie, looking only at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and operator Seamus Deasy chose to film this film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly elements belonging to a full-fledged color film. Now I have nothing against black and white photos, even those created in modern times. The Schindler's List (1993) was more than ninety percent filmed in black and white and is a masterpiece. The "General", made just five years after the "Schindler's List", is not. The cinematography is also too long for the high-light keys, which seem very distracting and give the video a video quality very similar to what I think is simply annoying. The filmmakers apparently chose a documentary realistic style, such as the "Schindler's List", but they fail, making them seem too similar to a documentary film, yet too classic. The performances in the film range from passable to weak. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave decent enthusiasm for their roles, but sometimes it seemed to me that even they were a bit neglected by the horrible scenario from which they quoted. The sound design is also very primitive, probably in order to give it a 1940s charm, but it also fails because it is too reminiscent of today's picture and seems out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that's happening is that there is not a single character in the movie where I felt emotions or opinions. In fact, at every moment of every scene, the only thought going through my head was "okay? Moments that can be shocking or frightening in a better movie are boring and time-consuming. I did not sympathize with or hate the character of Brendan Gleeson because the way of writing Cahill is simply flat and boring. Gleeson plays an ordinary criminal and does not affect the real Martin Cahill. If the character is killed (as always in gangster films), we do not feel anything. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We're just saying "so what?" And that's all I've been doing the whole time of this very fragile, very badly made crime movie.
