Some funny pieces, but come Bill! Movie? Quoting Zeitgeist? Keep a TV show and interviews, but a movie? I'm probably exaggerating, but what unnecessary movie provokes ... I do not know. I laughed, disagreed, agreed ... this movie is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also very conceited ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a genius comedian. But like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and teaching can be annoying. I think the main problem in this film is its lack of sensitivity. It can only be personal taste, but a comedy that constantly humiliates someone can not be treated as a truth. Bill is clearly emotionally responsive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not sensible, but the reaction to it can not make sense. This will cause unnecessary confusion. We can do better than just react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that we "do not know" and ardently try to convince the viewer that no one knows anything, to the extent that the agnostic community is concerned about the lack of serious research in a comparative religion. His humility, which he only knows he does not do, is a contradiction when he tries to insist that all religious thought does not make sense. <br /> <br /> I had great problems watching Zeitgeist fragments, the movie in Bill's movie. All non-sensual astroterapy that simplifies all religions is simply disappointing. Zeitgeist caused a lot of controversy and confused the importance of so many valuable scholarships from Religion Studies. It is very sad how erroneous facts have been cast without reliable scientific sources. Astro-mystic sources, which reduce everything to "stars say everything," seem to come from the Middle Ages. This film is a misleading statement of a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is much more complex and philosophically academic than the defense of every single issue as "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism was able to simplify and generalize the main problems of man's history. <br /> <br /> Watch the video (it has fun interviews and songs), but PLEASE do not act like Bill. You can not expect anyone to have a mature conversation if you make sardonic comments on any other line. His arguing techniques are degrading and offensive, provoking emotional reactions, not rational and logical arguments. There must be a more mature way of dealing with these problems.
