The previous commentator Steve Richmond said that A Walk On The Moon is, according to him, "not worth your $ 7". I ended up importing something that is one of the worst DVD movies I've ever seen, this movie or any existing movie. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly acquired from the master interlaced and just nasty in watching on the move, the movie has no advantages (except for Anna's presence) to watch the high-quality Blu-Ray transfer. Not that it was any fault for other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen achieve high results in relation to Anna Paquin's chart of the actors' talent. Much more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill, despite the bad script. Director Tony Goldworth's CV does not matter, but the biography of Pamela Gray includes the most dramatic expeditions of Wes Craven except horror or slasher, so you could forgive thinking that this is a wrong direction. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the only reason for watching this movie is Anna Paquin. In her debut performance, she literally played industry veterans with at least twelve years of experience above her experience. Although she is not so far ahead of her teammates, her performance as a girl who starts art as a brat and grows up to be a woman whose world is crashing proves that Oscar was not a fucs. For some time I have been telling my friends that she would be the best choice to present the heroine of my second complete novel, and the seventy-three minutes dialogue in this film is another proof of why. This woman could literally affect paint from the walls. Apart from Anna, only Liev Schreiber is close to evoking the sympathy of the audience. Of course, his character spends most of the film neglecting his wife in an existential crisis, but he plays an angry reaction from a man who feels cheated. I should know, even if it does not come from the same circumstances. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves recognition for his image as a traveling salesman, although perhaps not to the same extent. In a sense, it is the villain of the song, but it successfully gives the hero a third dimension. Yes, his actions are insidious even after the explosion, but few people would have done anything different in his situation. Nobody wants to be a second man in such a situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of merit for the fact that he tried here. Unfortunately, everyone is a participant in the story of a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage, in which Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the archetype Mills And Boon as the only ones that feel that life passes, simply does not exist. Either the writer Pamela Gray, or the director Tony Goldwyn, thought they could just put the line in the movie without thinking about how the audience would get it. Anna even talks to the audience when he asks Diane who to teach about responsibility. <br /> <br /> He said that there are a few things in the film apart from Anna. The original Mason Daring music, although it does not stand out in any way, gives the film a certain sense of being inscribed in the time presented, which helps where other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liev is a great actor, he places him next to Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake. It is also very good in that when the film moves through the scenes of Lane and Mortensen's skinny dipping or assembling under a waterfall, it loses focus on being a story of transgression and becomes soft porn. The film seems to be confused about the position of its history. No matter how many times I watch the scenes of Leo, I can not help feeling that it has been changed in the direction or assembly. You do not have to make their trail particularly handsome or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the song would go far. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hit his head when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought her character was where the real story lay. Stories that a wife feels neglected and fall into the arms of a man who seems interesting, and even dangerous, are ten times as much, to the point that even setting the story in parallel with an event such as shaking the Earth when landing on the moon it will not help. In spite of the sense of disgust at the way in which her character's story is presented, Anna might as well have been walking with the neon over her head, asking the audience if they would not have liked to see her whole thing. Although I am too aware that it is difficult to determine exactly what character your audience will find the most interesting cast, it's as if they did not bother with Lane and Schreiber. Fans of these two people should look good somewhere else. I hope that my wanderings about particular performances will give some idea of ​​where everything went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave A Walk On The Moon three out of ten. Anna Paquin wins the bonus point with one of her best performances (and that says something).
