Written by a woman and directed by another. Whoppie. Do we want a feminist ride or something? Ladies, fasten your seat belts because we're just entering the world of sneaky men and innocent women with good intentions. <br /> <br /> In this diaper Trish meets a guy at a work agency who behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives her a job hoping to nail her a little later. In her office, she even touches her chin, just as a heavy megalomaniac in the Bond movie would touch the girl right after he caught her and just before he was ready to kill her next to Bond. Some time later, a pimp guy employs Trish in a women's dressing room, harass her, and even approaches rape. Oh, those bad, bad people. They are EVERYTHING bad, you do not know. Nowadays you can not even look for a job without rape, right? We'll show them! In this movie, there is a divorce club for women or something, led by Janet Leigh, who speaks on behalf of all the women involved in the movie when he says that "all men are s ** t". She moans about how scary men are; she divorced five times. Now seriously: every woman who marries twenty times, then uses this statistic as an argument that all people are "bad", she must finally realize that the explanation may lie elsewhere, or? It must come to her mind that: a) she is a bad judge of a masculine character, or - much more likely - b) SHE is the one you can not live with - her former husbands were probably victims, or if they were indeed holes then she probably got what she deserved. (Do not prove how Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor show me a nice woman who often got married, and I'll show you a way to get to the planet Mars with roller skates and a ladder.) Trish finally meets a computer guy who restores her faith in men - but keep your horses; this guy turns out to be married, that's why he proves WITHOUT doubting that people are really "bad". If it were not that around the corner there is a kind old vegetable seller who loves his wife even though he is still dead - proving that all men are "bad", except for polite old people whose penises do not work and "can" anyway do not receive any, so they are forced to give up the life of the Holocaolism and finally give women the respect they deserve. Even supporting male characters are "bad"; The black guy at the employment agency is unfriendly, and the guy in the morgue is rude - and insensitive (bastard, * sob * ... * sniffs * ??) And what about this banal, banal ending? .. Minutes before the court Trish abandons the claim to her husband's money, realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally make this jump into the pool ... ?? What is going on? Her jump into the pot is then - very predictably - frozen, when the credits begin to play a role, while the inspiring music "I do not need revenge or my husband" begins to draw into it. Her friends are shocked by her resignation from monetary claims, but do not remain shocked for a long time and soon start joking to each other about what Trisha's lawyer will get when she hears about it. Shyster's lawyer is obviously a man. A bad, evil, terrible "bad" man whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these people; they only care about money; they know nothing of higher values ​​in life - such as shopping. I am glad that we have such films; approaching sex, but most importantly, teach girls and young women that they are all horny, selfish, bastard skirts chasing skirts who will get you into the world of poverty and misery for the first time. So, girls, open your mouth and put your tongues on the lips of your girlfriend. The power of lesbians!
