I went through a collection of Lugosi's films recently and a few days ago I was amazed by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "Black Cat" and I really could not wait for their cooperation in "Kruk." Unfortunately, it just did not work for me and at the end of the movie I was very disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie, I thought that there was no real tension in this story. Lugosi was doing a great job of keeping things in check, as some crazy Doctor Vollins, some surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware), who he treats after a car accident, but who can not have it - partly because he is already involved, and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) does not approve. To deal with this situation, he uses the help of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a terribly ugly man who wants Vollins to make him look more acceptable. However, apart from Lugosi's performance, I did not find anything that interested me. Suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes the movie moves completely. Suddenly he becomes quite uncertain, but I thought that Lugosi's performance broke up, mainly because the film tried to move him from mad to deranged - and there is a difference. It plays the role of "crazy" very well - controlled and controlled, but bad. "Insane" is an evil that is getting out of control and I did not think that Lugosi wrested it well. At some point, he offers some maniacal laughter that turns out to be false. In the meantime, Karloff was a huge disappointment. He never caught me. By the way, it must have pleased Lugosi that - in the films in which they co-create - Karloff gets the highest bills, although in "The Raven" it is clearly Lugosi, who is the main actor. This certainly gives an indication of how Universal ranked his two great horror stars - I would add, inexplicably, because I always considered Lugosi a better actor in these two. <br /> <br /> In any case, there is no real relationship with the story of Edgar Allen Poe "Raven" - except that Vollins is a fanatic of Poe, who tries to reproduce some of the torture techniques from Poe's stories. Generally, disappointment. 4/10.
