Recently, I had the opportunity to see a working printout in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) This title. It is difficult for me, as a lover of art, to report the following things, but the truth sometimes hurts and, frankly, after these flakach (I use here definition of slang - worthless statements or writing) for one and a half hours I feel obliged to share (WARN) all interested parties. Let's start from the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not so bad, a few laughs and decent development, but then from there. It's the story of a woman in her thirties who (as a writer would like you to believe) is dissatisfied with her life and unfulfilled. The first serious difficulty occurs when you do not know that the film goes to a movie, you do not recognize it when suddenly risk all this, in my opinion, a very neglected and unlikely escape from a local seller. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) to justify her actions for the thing she has, and when she appears, she feels, like me, that she has a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to my mind, let's hope that they will let you review the review and post a comment. This is, in my opinion, the first disastrous defect of the film. If you are married or have ever been in love, regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, it will turn you off. Honestly, I feel that it would create a much better "blue film" - this is the level that, in my opinion, deserves a script. The second dismal thing is the casting, Diane Lane just did not work here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for this job, believe me. The only saving for the whole movie is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a great actress shines in places, passing a subtle, but very dull (sorry for the dichotomy, but it is accurate) portrait of a rising teenager. Well done, well done. I'm not going to end, but I was disappointed, being announced as a piece of a life romance is one thing ... but such ending ... Well, if it irritates you enough to see this picture, do not say I did not warn you, but better look fast - if this celluloid is released, I doubt it will be four weeks before it explodes. I'd say I'm waiting for a movie, but the free sex education tapes in most video rentals have more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman has produced this, you think he would learn for Ishtar. This film once wore the working title "Men's Blouse" and should be left on the stand. If you've never wanted to go on a movie in your life, give it 35-40 minutes, the only thing you should stay on is Anna Paquin, if you can bear the fact that your mind drifts, or if you threw the trash before you left home, which is probably the place where you should stay in the first place if you are going to the cinema to see it. It's my two cents, which is worth it for.
