First a small summary. This reporter named Torch is basically trying to tell the story of a zombie outbreak and finds censorship in the army and government. Good news, censorship of the government, and so on, but the way they did it, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This movie is indescribable. The idea that someone is holding him higher than anything George Romero is a sufficient excuse for the reviewer to be sent to a psychiatric hospital. The script itself is horrible, as the sixth grader wrote it. When it comes to special effects, I understand that independent films have a low budget, and some of the gore effects look acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip: buy some non-flammable material, prepare a fire extinguisher and light a fire! Do not add it digitally and make it look like an explosion from the Nintendo 64 game. Acting, well, let's put it this way. In my summer theater program, the cold reading of the script is in comparison with this "Godfather". I do not even go into inconsistencies. Find them in person. <br /> <br /> But the most disturbing thing was when after the shooting and editing was finished, someone could say: "Okay, it looks good. It sends me a shudder to even think about it, to think that someone felt it was enough to release a DVD. This is not a DVD quality. This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel. Hell, it's not even the quality of a film school. If you reported it to a film school project, you'll get F. No, not even F, more like F-. I would not be surprised if he tried to throw you out. <br /> <br /> I felt used after I saw it. Blockbuster and the creators of this movie now have my money and I would rather not think about what they do with it. I was a pawn of some sophisticated, vile scheme of legalized theft, and it's not good to think that I came in looking at the back cover with nice memories from 28 days later, just to find a movie Ed Wood watched and said then: "I did not care about it's too much. " This movie is the scariest movie I've ever seen. Ed Wood did not see anything, but I'm sure it's worse. If you're looking for a serious movie, being less than 10 feet away will probably cause you a bad headache. If not, I still recommend you write to the director and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you are a person who laughs about really bad things, I recommend checking it out. You will not be dissapointed.
