As you probably know from the title, I believe with all my heart that this movie is the worst zombie movie of all time. Acting, working with a camera, writing, special effects and everything remotely connected with this film was useless. People say that while this movie is terribly preserved and terribly produced, it comes thanks to a witty intelligent script. Wow. The plot has more holes than I and anyone else could count on. First, why should the government tell everyone to come back to work when it is not safe? I know that the government is going to be bad, but it is not gaining anything, killing the entire population of the country. There would be no one to rule! Another thing I was thinking about, even if the government told everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were swarming with zombies? Did the zombies hide in the bushes and ambush for unsuspecting people to help the government in their conspiracy to kill everyone on the planet? And what about the ending? This stupid torch man sacrifices his life to get some zombie pictures. He probably forgot that every camera produced in the last 35 years has a zoom function. And one more thing, why Hindenburg says before he dies. Hindenburg was a rare event observed by very few people. The zombie threat will be seen by everyone in the country, perhaps in the world. Does not he think that somebody else will get some photos? They also managed to ruin the only half-interesting movie scene when a soldier watches an exotic dancer. Why was the zombie hiding behind the curtain for five minutes before he attacked the girl? Especially when the zombies could go through the DOOR. Probably something that an unintelligent zombie fan like me would not understand. Every day I pray that God will increase my brain's capacity long enough for me to understand all the subtle nuances of feeding the mass. <br /> <br /> Everyone, I think it's interesting that this is the first movie that gave me the desire to physically hurt people involved in production. Hey Trent Haaga, I'm calling you!
