I could not believe that this horrible movie was made at all. With the worst actors you can find, the worst written script (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst waste of time in watching. I will not tell history because it really is not worth it. But I will discuss some performances and definitely the story. When it comes to history, it's very hard to believe that this crazy mad schemer can actually do what she did. That, in fact, the wife could not defend herself against something. That the husband may consider the nutcase attractive at all. The fact that the defender can break any court rule was and still does after the judge ordered to close the blind trial. The final result of the film is the offense of justice, film codes and male genres. The theme of this mess is to let women do whatever they want, kill those they want, defend the killer, and run away while the guy rotting an innocent victim in jail. It's hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and the man, would even like to do this dribble. <br /> <br /> When it comes to acting: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is terrible. A strange toon who makes needles during the murder trial (is it allowed in court?) She bored me. One more look at her blinking eyes and an indication of how innocent she is and I will quit. It is not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. The husband, played on one level by Vincent Spano, seems to look and act stupid most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance that he fell into the traps set for him by all the women around him. The worst was definitely Holland Taylor as defense defender. She acted in the movie all the time and mocked justice. If she looked at me at any moment, I would tell her to go on a trip. Everyone else in this seedy movie did their work according to the order. <br /> <br /> I wish I could give this film a zero rating. However, we are forced to start from 1. It's a pity. Let's not have such painful movies anymore. Life can be better than that, I know it. <br /> <br /> This is the postscript: you made a mistake, turning this bland film into error. As soon as I saw the bimbo Jordan Ladd, I knew I had seen it before and did not like it. Not only did I turn away from things, but I had to add anger to people like Sollace Mitchell, who wrote the script, but also directed the horrible movie. Nobody can see that her message is that the illness pays. With this director / writer, you feel bad and walk, killing people. He completely makes idiots of the male genre. Well, this man tells you to go for something painful. We are not so stupid and we will talk to your so-called film, which in the mind of this person deserves to be destroyed. <br /> <br /> And again this loser is shown. Why???? Can not you read the comments about this stupid and vile movie? Are we still undergoing continuous watching of bimbo Jordan Ladd? Take her from television, movies and out of sight. It is simply awful in every sense of the word. Uff !!!!
