It is an immoral and reprehensible piece of trash, which undoubtedly wants to be a Friday maple 13 (1980). The poster for this movie makes it look like there will be a cross between Jason and Freddy who will probably attract viewers. In this movie there is nothing good or funny about this film. I'm sad just thinking that some people will come across Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD and waste time on this sad, cynical, depressing movie. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp adviser at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes that other campers are as nice as her and that they have no problems. Meanwhile, other campers realize that people are disappearing one by one, and Angela comes up with an excuse to send them home. Can Angela be an assassin who was once a man who underwent a sex change operation years ago? Who knows? Who cares? <br /> <br /> The eighties were home to a lot of movies in which the genres Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager were crossed, in which a crazy killer falls into a frenzy. Some have a story, others are not, but they are all just as bad as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers are 80 minutes for teens who are introduced, then stabbed, strangled, pierced, slashed, burned alive and mutilated. It's all this movie. It is simply thoughtless, bloody violence. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie, I remembered Friday's thirteenth films, in which the message for viewers was such that the basic function of teenagers is hacking to death. The creators of the movie Sleepaway Camp II have full right to be ashamed. Imagine the sick message that this movie offers to your teen viewers: "The world is a completely bad place," the movie tells you, "and it will kill you. It does not matter what your dreams or hopes are. It does not matter if you have a new boyfriend or a new girlfriend. It does not matter what you think, what you do or what your plans for the future are. You can forget about these plans because you're just going to end up dead. "<br /> <br /> And the worst thing is - and not giving too much - the movie just sets the place for the sequel. Why not? They probably took the bucket to the cesspit, doing three or four of these movies. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and after seeing its first sequel, I hope to stay away from other sequels as well as the original. And for parents, if you know children who like this movie, do not let them date with children.
