On Christmas Eve and lazy and succumbing housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives threatening threats from her restless and offensive husband. Leaving her twin children in bed, she sets out on the night for her last shopping at the local shopping center. It is busy there, and finding a parking space is almost impossible, Della looks at one driver who parks in two places, leaving them with the same inscription. Returning to your car after visiting the shops with which some fucking is struggling, Yes, the owners of the car on which she left a note, are very angry and want to play with her, a kind bodyguard comes in to help her, but things get away from the hand and the guard is shot, Della runs away with murderous dicks in the pursuit, shoot at her, loses control of the car and crashes, quickly grabbing the toolbox from the trunk, hides on an abandoned construction site, but soon gets caught, just before they try to rape her and kill her, she makes a key from her magical set of tools, hurting the leader "Chuckie", she escapes to a nearby forest again, in the gaps one of the gangs is killed, it just happens to be a black guy Here is the night it becomes worse for everyone involved, because there is a deadly game of cat and mouse. A similar plot line to the Lake of Eden attracted me to this, but there the comparisons end there. This mindless and stupid movie, shockingly written and terribly played by everyone involved, the Disney-esquire twins Disney twins are awful to watch, but Lukas Haas as Chuckie, who has to boast of bad acting, although he got money for his money from an equally horrible husband . In the movie his story is completely telegram all the time, even in an early setting on the cell Della is dead, and then in stores her credit card was canceled by hubby and there is no cash and Christmas Eve, now where they could go with it I wonder ?? ? The only surprising part of this $ hit is that after killing all stereotypical bad people with the contents of her magical set of tools, he demands Chuckie to kill her, if my jaw was not on the floor in this movie an awfulness, it would certainly fall and fall on the floor. even the end is collapsed, all the feminist grandmothers who want their body pound, remain completely disappointed ... I did not think I could be even more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this thrill
