So for this actress Kim Basinger yielded? Mmm ?? to tell the truth, the title of the movie is something that attracts attention, so that your interest, and the outline of the plot is so simple, but simplicity can have its strengths. In any case, at the end of the song "While She Was Out" I felt indifferent. It is not worse (despite absorbing by negatives), but it is much better in what is causally summer, but compact and unbalanced tale of survival at night with a poor suburban housewife who got stuck in the forest, trying to fight for her life after that as she witnessed the death of a policewoman who came to her aid when she provoked an ugly exchange with the punks in the parking lot while shopping. <br /> <br /> The problem lies in the erroneously erroneous and predictable material (taken from the story), along with very variable performances. The poor scenario was poorly thought out (which is not very good when your story has a small structure to hang around), so many unfortunate inclusions and suspicious activities just end up in this endless chain of events. As for the group of stereotypical thugs (led by the unconvincing Lukas Hass as a loose canon) terrorizing Basinger, they were less than threatening, but hopelessly unaware. Watching Basinger spinning in the damp wilderness with a red box of tools in hand (do not ask me why?) Knocking down these would-be punks one by one became funny because it did not cause tension or emotion? but instead, clumsy shocks that were absurdly stupid because of the stupidity of the introduction. Basinger's performance is thick, but it does not arouse much empathy. Craig Sheffer appears as her hot husband. Strange that I could not take my eyes off the screen? thinking that the red toolkit is hypnotic (why would it carry it constantly) and what tool was going to use to send the next bandit? her choices were quite disappointing. Watching her transformation through a traumatic situation, when things are finally reversed, is rather empty, because of an uncertain tone, and ending is something that can be seen many kilometers away. <br /> <br /> The sober direction of Susan Montford is devoid of coherence and energy, as it almost suffocates. At first, however, I liked his boring sound (which is the most effective in the entire story) and polished photography. <br /> <br /> No big shocks. He does not ask for much time, but I would not like to see him again. However, thanks to joining the Joy Division song, I managed to catch some of their albums for audition.
