I really do not want to compare Cape Fear to Martin Scorsese with the classic movie Cape Fear from 1962, but I can not help it. Not only am I a big fan of Cape Fear by Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck, but when Scorsese contains scenes from the previous movie (Cady takes the key from the ignition, a dog dies) and even uses Bernard Herrmann's result throughout the whole movie, it does not give me much opportunity not to make a comparison, because I can not help thinking about classic Cape Fear in almost every scene. Comparing the Cape Fear Scorsese version with the classic version, the remake comes out destroyed by the classic; but even when making the film yourself, it's still bad. <br /> <br /> Now Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick did not make the stage from Cape Fear from 1962 to the stage, they tried to do things differently. Unfortunately, this is one of the film's problems. The original crazy cad Max Cady, who wants to take revenge, has disappeared, Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic who "rescues" Sam Bowden and who is in touch with his female side (his words, not mine). The standing and strong Sam Bowden has also disappeared in the classic movie Cape Fear, Sam found in the remake of 1991 is very goofy, Magoo, distrustful and very unlikely. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazier than Max Cady! The general story has also been changed - Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in prison, as in the classic version, Sam is now Cady's former lawyer, who Cady suspects is not doing everything in his Prison and "saving" him. <br /> <br /> The overall story has been changed and I do not stick to it too much, but the overall script is also weak. Other subcategories have been thrown into the mix, which not only distracts the viewer from the wider picture, but is also simply badly written. The film also contains several genuinely absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even funny lines that can not be taken seriously. These aspects take away the dangerous and exciting nature that a movie should have, but they also have some help in this section. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear has been exceptionally filmed with brilliant lighting and extremely effective suggestive subtlety combined with brutal brutality, which provided emotions when the film called him and a sense of threat in its entirety. However, Scorsese is not able to do it in his "Cape Fear", giving the film a sweet look from the early 90s, without a sense of danger, without a tense scene and a small style (unless the animation of fire and skyline style counts). Yes, there is some macabre violence and some effort has been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends up empty and shocked, but without fear. <br /> <br /> If that was not enough, acting is not great either. Robert De Niro (in a sense nominated for an Oscar for his role) begins well as Max Cady, but it gets worse until he starts laughing and not scaring at the end of the movie. The opposite is true of Jessica Lange and her performance by Mrs. Bowden, moving from the misuse of most of the film to a convincing display of fear and desperation at the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the entire movie: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also earned an Oscar nomination) is decent enough in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is called to play a real stupid character and it's hard to really like what we see on the screen from her. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to be often counted among the few good revisions and I can not understand why. I wanted to like it; I really did - I mean, if there's a Cape Fear remake, I'd prefer it too - but I just could not. With nothing that in itself was wonderful and crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I recognized Cape Fear by Martin Scorsese as a very bad film. The best things in the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in his supporting roles.
