Above all, really Kim Basinger? Your rich husband banker leaves you alone in his beautiful, most likely paying cash for the house, and you can not even put on a decent shirt? I am a woman and yes, I will come soon, say it - clean something, starting with hair. And when you are in this place, there is Christmas Eve. Buy gifts for children ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the crowded shopping center, park the car within 3 miles and cry throughout the walk, just buy the wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note, do not sign your name. I do not want to sympathize with Della. Of course, due to the fact that Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, he wants you to feel bad because of a poor white blond woman. We understand. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, do not model awful movies after your life. Besides, you're 50 years old. You certainly would not have 8-year-old twins. AND THESE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. The way that your children grow up with any decent chance to respect yourself. It is also fantastic to hear how the characters in the movie still call her beautiful or call her a "girl" ... of course Mrs. Basinger had something to say about what is happening in the script. It is also amazing how none of the criminals can fight. Apparently, Della's magic skills are impossible to overcome. Her driving skills are quite big. This film is so trivial, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They misspelled your name on a cup of tea. Or your husband put a hole in the wall, but all you can think about is buying nail polish when you're in the mall, and you can not plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school with the teddy bear you were looking at. Boohooo! The fact that he does not want to take off this bright coat while running in the woods, shouting and breaking everything in his path, proves my point - this woman is a moron. Who thinks he will take out a set of tools from the car, but not his purse, full of identifying artefacts, such as ADDRESS. I never wanted the "bad guys" to succeed just as I watched the movie. Did someone else pick up a "African American" shirt that a black guy was playing? Oh yes, scroll and feast on the probably the most racist stereotypical requisition in the film. Do not waste an hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, do what Della could not figure out how to do it ... take care of the children and maybe brush your hair. This powerful ballad, however, was impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain, while your bloody arm sticks so tightly to your wrapping paper, it's just as emotional as it gets. Thanks to Dell!
