The spirit of the Vietnam War has haunted the American psyche for thirty years. If not because tens of thousands of American soldiers went to MIA in Vietnam, or the way those who returned, were treated, it was because it was the first war America could say was lost. Many men returned from the war as a shadow of the old selves, and the original First Blood managed to provide a small insight into their problems when they tried to turn back into the world, as they say. On the other hand, First Blood Part II is not much more than a mess pumping a fist that illustrates how painful America can be in both victory and defeat. Stallone performs another slow performance as a commando with titular special forces, while Richard Crenna tries to keep the actor quotient serious. The scenario has everything that goes wrong, which was not better when it was called Missing In Action and played by Chuck Norris. What looked different in the original was gone, because the filmmakers decide to paint a capital letter S on a massive Rambo cage. <br /> <br /> The movie appears shortly after the first blood is finished. Film, or - the novel did not allow for the possibility of continuing. In this mediocre follow-up, Rambo was forced to work on what appears to be a mine in the open air. As he breaks the rocks and works over, the prison guard pulls him off to go and talk to Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government is ready to offer him early release if he goes on a secret mission. Rambo, who has never retired from hard work, accepts and is immediately sent to a secret base in Cambodia or Thailand (I forget about it). From there he is ordered to find a camp in which the American MIA is allegedly being detained and photographed. His mission clearly indicates that he has no attempts to secure their release. Rambo, being Rambo, has other ideas despite their possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go a bit wrong when it turns out that the people who commissioned Rambo's work are more interested in making sure that no American found MIA. It is an age-old conspiracy theory and does not apologize for the use of the difficult situation of many American families who have been without a son in ten years in which the official Vietnam war is raging. Of course, with Jingism, which was inseparable from American society in the 1980s, they could not help but act in a plot plot about the Vietnamese army in bed with what appears to be a single Russian battalion. Together, both antagonists try to get information from Rambo that they can get, but it turns against them in the orgy of bullets, shots, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is the time when Rambo drinks from a cup similar to the Grail and announces himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, the first part of Blood II is a well-photographed and well-directed spectacle action. A melee fight with a larger Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has any dramatic tension. The rest is just the case of the main actor and director who build a fantasy for the Americans. Fortunately, this über alles action film fashion soon died away as more and more introspective and intelligent war films such as the platoon began the round. Some of the killings shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets with the end, which envies many villains of the action movie. The Russian commander bites him in such a spectacular way as he is funny. Only in the action movie from the 1980s can you see that the law is used from a helicopter. Of course, stereotypes of the action movie appeared, rooted in the contradictions of the facts, but it has never been funny before. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: The first part of blood II one in ten. It is so bad that it is funny and so funny that it is often funny. You do not even have to be in the military to know how stupid some action sequences are. The only risk he takes is to try to make a stupid political statement with a topic that is painful for those directly involved. Hold the tongue firmly on the cheek, and this can be viewed.
