By law, there should never be a "first part of blood II". The original scenario for "First Blood" caused that John Rambo committed suicide at the end of the movie, but it was changed to let him live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but because the test audience considered the original ending too depressing. Nevertheless, someone apparently thought that the character was too good to waste it, because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties, and recently released the fourth part. <br /> <br /> The official title of the movie was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is commonly known simply as "Rambo". It starts with the title character in prison, where he probably justifies the crimes he committed in the "First Blood," although it is never too clear. He was removed from prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, on a secret mission. Rambo is due to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that American prisoners of war are still being held by the communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to try to rescue prisoners or engage the enemy; its purpose is simply a reconnaissance mission. <br /> <br /> Rambo does not realize that it is created, not by Trautman, who is presented as brave, honorable and incorruptible, but by the organizer of the mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock intends for the mission to prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it will improve the relationship between the American and Vietnamese governments, partly because it will make life easier for him. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that Americans are not only prisoners, but also kept in hellish conditions. Of course, he is too big a hero to leave their fate and tries to save them. The rest of the movie is more or less one long battle between Rambo and several allies (including beautiful Vietnamese) and evil communist soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the bad people, of course, end up in death, although I was surprised when I learned from your "curiosity" that the total number of deaths was only 67. Sometimes it seemed that Rambo tried to destroy the entire Vietnamese Army. <br /> <br /> The tone of this movie is very different from the first one. In "First Blood," Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, even though his responsibility for crimes was reduced by serious provocation and mental instability. In "Rambo" is a real American hero. A few years earlier, the director, George Pan Cosmatos, made The Cassandra Crossing, a fragmentary fragment of anti-American leftist propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was not anything versatile, and "Rambo" proves that he can also turn to party-side right-wing American propaganda. The only thing that connects both films is that both are ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> "The first blood" had its flaws, but it also had its advantages. His position that the anti-war movement was partly guilty of the problems of Vietnamese veterinarians in adapting to civilian life was controversial, but at least the film tried to comment on the war, social attitudes towards war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo" has few advantages, except that the action sequences are well enough to please those who like this type of thing. It is essentially a kind of chauvinistic fantasy of revenge for those Americans who still have a pang of war in Vietnam. Rambo is fighting alone again, this time wins the right. Take this, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, the fans of the film (and there seem to be a lot of them - over 2000 voters have already given him ten stars) have come to the conclusion that I am a liberal loving commo pinko. Far from it, I always despised communism as a pernicious ideology. What I do not like about the film is not his politics, but the lack of subtlety and suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is burning all the guns and trying to kill as many people as possible. He does not try to understand the political complexity of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. Despite all anti-communism, film is a kind of hammer propaganda that the communists did very well - except that they attributed all the problems of the world to capitalism, imperialism or revisionism, or whatever they disliked. In comparison with "Rambo", "Green Berets" were a masterful political analysis. 3/10
