While the original First Blood had its far-reaching moments, it was at least exciting. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II the emphasis is very much on comic action. Credibility is completely rejected; logical dives; Stallone becomes so invincible that there is no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. As with any other wish fulfillment actor at the time (eg Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II eliminates his own potential for real excitement by presenting a hero who is too resistant to fear. If you can immediately say that Rambo will erase hundreds of enemy soldiers, what is left to get excited? <br /> <br /> Trapped after the events of the first movie, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) receives a pardon if he joins a secret operation in the Far East. It is 1985 and a mission is being organized to find out if there are still some American PoW units in the Vietnam jungle. Rambo is encouraged to work by his former mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the task is in fact an idea for a government outfit with Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's job is just going to the jungle camp and checking if it contains any American PoWs? if not, he has to meet with the helicopter; if so, he must obtain photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be saved at a later date. Helping him in searching is a woman soldier with local knowledge, beauty and resourceful Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Indeed, Rambo discovers that there is a PoW in the camp, but he crosses his orders by saving one of them? when he reaches the meeting point, the rescue helicopter abandons him on the order of Murdock, who does not seem to want to find any PoWs because of political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape sets off to free PoWs and take revenge on the treacherous Murdock. <br /> <br /> Some good points from the film come from polished Jack Cardiff photography, the exciting result of Jerry Goldsmith and the pure professionalism of the stunt team in the performance of various action freaks. In addition to these scant attempts, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced to macho posture, the plot is false, the action sequences are soulless and devoid of tension, the dialogue is absurd? even violence becomes dull and predictable. At the time of his release, America was under the leadership of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anti-communist moods. For this reason, today's audience has captured this film festival, as if it was the best movie of all time, transforming it into an undeserved box office success. Fortunately, times have changed? nowadays we can look at it as a simple action with an absurdly high number of bodies, a ridiculously stupid policy and a funny hero.
