The offensive adventure game "FIRST BLOOD PART II" seemed to influence the mood of the United States at the time of its release in the mid-1980s, with right-wing Reaganism and virulent anti-red feelings still not yet completed, although the appearance of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the "Empire of Evil" in Moscow would soon make such films unnecessary, even Reagan himself finally admitted this truism. <br /> <br /> In this sense, we can be grateful for Gorby, not for his disarmament treaties from the USA, not for his glasnost policy, and even for restoring democracy to the Eastern European countries in the backyard of the former Soviet Union. reducing stupid, chauvinistic, bloated adventures like this. The first RAMBO movie was not perfect, although at least it was a mild and appropriate action thriller with not too bad story. In this sequel, every sense, even the most remote belief, is immediately rejected for a silly, sensel plot and incident in which Rambo alone takes dozens of mindlessly stereotypical Vietnamese and Russian troops to save American prisoners of war ten years after the end of the conflict with the Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why the movie was a great box office success allowed many Americans to plunge into fantasies, they could lose the war, but there was still an unfinished business and ridiculous heroic comics with a robot hero killing practically every red in front of them, with With as much equipment as possible, he fulfilled his capriciously fetched ideals. <br /> <br /> It could be fun at SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is played absolutely straight. But this is not to mention the fact that there is no humor in the film, unfortunately it is actually all inadvertent. Action scenes, although technically appropriate, never carry the slightest conviction or conviction, because they are always placed in the most spectacular unbelievable in the context, namely our hero Rambo is always intact (except for a few cuts and bruises here and there) despite the tons of materials explosives, grenades, guns etc. around him. <br /> <br /> In between the confusion and the scenario consists of the most common clichés and clichés. Stallone, who co-wrote the screenplay with James Cameron (far from the exciting TERMINATOR from last year), deliberately seems Rambo a figure so little to say in plain English, and just goes out with a moronic murmur, almost as if he invented his own patois brand understood only for him alone. Maybe his colleague Cameron was thinking about Terminator again with such a small communication the main character! In that sense Rambo seems even less human than the Terminator! The rest of the cast can not do better with good actors, such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna, who are doing their admirable best in the hackney dialogue they are given, and Steven Berkoff is again shocking him with another role of the KGB villain / Red Army. Playing Berkoff is mildly pleasant, but it is not a threat. How did it happen that Sly managed to survive the torture of Berkoff's electric shock to kill even more scumbags of the Red Communists? Credibility is never a strong point of this film. It is a fantasy work comparable with THE WIZARD OF OZ. At least WAS was supposed to be a fantasy and an immortal classic who turned out to be. It is only the most gloomy and even offensive, kind classic. And what about Sly's climactic speech ... rather hypocritical after killing all these people, huh? By the way, in the same year he also did ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10.
