A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. The assumption seems quite simple: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys can learn, so after the death of his father, he decides to dress up as a boy to get there. She makes and befriends Avigdor, who is to marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. The Hadassah family learns that Avigdor's brother committed suicide, and the marriage is canceled. Yentl, now calling himself Anschel, is chosen to marry Hadass. It does, but it is never consumed. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor are leaving for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveal their secret to him. The film ends when Avigdor returns to (and marries) Hadass, and Yentl goes to America to continue his studies, although she will have to do it in disguise. for a film lasting over 2 hours, but there are a few things that destroy it. At the beginning there is constant SINGING. (I can already hear the screams of critics.) Yes, I know it's a musical, so there should be a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the movie could be improved if it was directed and played without them. After some time the songs become tedious and there is not as much dance as one would expect. Many songs are forgotten, without real memorable texts, and those that have any meaning can easily be replaced by a teacher. Only one song stands out from the rest, "Papa Can You Hear Me". It is obvious that most of the others have been deliberately placed so that Streisand could just have a reason to show his vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. Chances are that anyone who sees this movie will know what a great singer and actress are, so the songs are not really necessary. <br /> <br /> Second, the Streisand makeup, which you can see during her scenes as a man (lipstick, enhanced eyelashes and traces of blush are obvious) makes it difficult for the audience to believe in Yentl / Anschel's character that he is serious and fooling new friends, colleagues, and even Hadass, convinced that he is a man. However, we are asked and we expect you to believe it. There seems to be a contradiction, because her character talks, or rather sings, about how she does not think she can do it, but is surprised that everyone seems to be cheated because she is wearing men's clothing. This means that from us it is expected that other heroes are so naive that they do not see other differences, such as her actions, which are clear gifts. Face differences alone can not be taken into account because other movie heroes mention that some of their relatives or friends did not have beard or other facial hair. Nevertheless, in the twentieth century, if a woman dressed as a man, but she wore as much makeup as Streisand, and still tried to pass as a man solely because she wore male clothing, she would be deemed unacceptable and cause a scandal. Chances are that she will probably be forced to leave the city or even the country. That is why "feminine" makeup on Streisand does not give credibility to the character and only weakens the story. If it was used only to make Streisand look more beautiful, he should be scrapped. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, when Yentl / Anschel herself reveals who she really is at the end, we are asked to believe that other characters are not as smart as Streisand and only when they learn "truths", a little bit smarter. Now it is becoming more and more obvious that the whole story is so far reduced to the fact that it is only a custom vehicle for Streisand. <br /> <br /> Finally there are those who are fans of Streisand who will not find fault in this movie, its story or songs. To those I have to respect with disrespect. Although she has excellent vocal and acting skills, I am not a "fan" of her singing style. However, I enjoyed many of its other features, including musicals. There are even a few of her songs that I like, so I'm not "hated" or set off on her. I wrote this review from a fair perspective, from someone who tried to watch this movie - even several times - and noticed problems in it. If Streisand was interested in creating a great and even credible movie, she could do it here without injecting her with the need to show off and prove how talented, beautiful and wise she is at almost every step. This movie does nothing but hurt her abilities, make her look preoccupied with herself, and thus transform the movie into a festival of laughter unworthy of fans or the public.
