Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds an impressive Italian photo that mixes with the material of his current job titled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But from the mysterious death of his wife, her daughter Emily is emotionally disturbed, so she goes to Spoleto, where there is a problematic picture, with her and her nanny, Jill. There is also a countess who is also a medium and informs him that the picture was somehow made in the night in which the young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe in his story, but after that Emily has a hysterical contraction, and Jill is killed ... This Italian film is of course innocent under the influence of THE EXORCIST, but this is much cheaper, much simpler and it makes sense, much dirtier. First of all, it should be said that this movie is full of confusion. For example, history shows that Emily is Emilia's reincarnation. But when Emily sees her in retrospection, she sees her only from the point of view of the third person. But if she is Emilia's reincarnation, she must and must see the past from Emilia's point of view. This kind of confusion, which has many films, is almost exclusively based on the problematic fact that the film is too cowardly and not ambivalent to define its own quasi-Freudian theme, namely the unidirectional wish of an incestuous girl before growing up. What's even worse, this movie also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is too naïve and helpless to be a realistic and / or credible living person. As for Emily (or Emilia), she is a child and it can be said that it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naivety and helplessness. (And according to Freud's theory, every girl wants her father's child (children) in her own way.) In this sense, Emily is not only pathological, but her way of excluding other women from father's love is problematically pathological. se is too cowardly to be Freudowski.) The problem is that adult characters are as childish and naïve and helpless as Emily. Because of this characteristic weakness, even a psyche who sees almost everything can not do anything mundane, and because of the same weakness, the story itself ends in a very escapist way. In addition, the special effects of this film are extremely cheap and funny. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is incredibly beautiful (actually it is so good that it seems that it is worth having it yourself), the movie as a whole is nothing but a cheap movie B, which can disappoint even Italian horror of the 70s movie lovers .
