MTV-style film crew consisting of American television producer Zac Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his chamber musician, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two "guys" surfers named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West ) come to some nice looking island somewhere, it is not properly revealed. The crew plans to shoot an exhibition on the subject of "bloodsurfing", which is clearly the latest madness in extreme sports. Surfers throw bait into the sea and prune themselves to attract sharks to see if they can exploit them without food. They are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for an ideal location leads them to Lilo-Cay waters affected by sharks. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them to their boat. Shortly after the arrival and shooting of several "bloodsurfing" materials, Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are killed by a 30-meter sea crocodile, which some claim is the owner of the island. The boat is sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem to get stuck on the island until the rescue group arrives. However, after a few attempts I do not know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionaries? Fat ugly people who just do not like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? Not me, that's for sure. Anyway, after escaping from those guys who look like pirates, Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girlfriend Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif) take them right off the coast of the island. The film crew thinks they have been saved. Little is known that the crocodile and captain Dirks are retreating, and he has a score to be settled, and four members of the film crew will not stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for the final clash with the gigantic crocodile people eating. <br /> <br /> Director: James D.R. Hickox is one awful movie, but it is still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything in this movie sucks. The screenplay Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy is terrible, very slow, because the crocodile is not even seen or exchanged before the 30 minute period and until then I was seriously bored and annoyed by the terrible dissimilar heroes invented by Bernard and Apply. The whole film is also frustratingly predictable, in the first 10 minutes anyone who knows the stereotypes of horror and characters from the magazine, will be able to guess who will die and who will survive. The crocodile's effects are horrible and seem to be repeated over and over, there is a small puppet head, which apparently has an arm in it that controls its movements when the water splashes become enormous! CGI crocodile pictures are simply embarrassing to watch. There is no gore except that the character is bitten in half, which is achieved with CGI, to digitally remove the legs of the actors, again it looks terrible. There is also a short scene in which someone is stuck in wooden spikes as they put down the trap. There is enough nudity and sex, and the actresses are nice and easy on the eye. In the film there are also basic continuities and logical errors, in one sequence Cecily films Bog and Jeremy "bloodsurfing", but at an angle and distance on which he is located, it would be physically impossible to get a record of both sharks and surfers at the same time time and for sure it is all her goal? When Dirks manages to harp the crocodile, the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shots, in one shot the angle of the line looks as if coming from the sky, in the shot right after the corner is completely different and it seems that the line comes from under the water when in reality the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat, and the line should be almost equal to the surface. Could I continue, just like a crocodile jumps off the edge of a cliff, if he is as smart as this movie tries to understand? But I would probably exceed the 1000 word limit if I mentioned everything that was wrong with this movie, so I will not do it. I hated the movie, but it's rather scary still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' effort on a giant crocodile movie. Definitely should be avoided.
