Wow. I rarely felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one especially begs for beatdown. Let's start from the beginning. First of all, screenwriter-director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the role of an old tired victim, along with demanding abusive husband and boring suburban existence. Let's just say that almost all the content of this boring movie is completely trite and banal. The pathetic attempt of symbolism involving a Christmas tree with a star without Montford is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> When she goes out on Christmas wrapping paper in a dark and sinister night, Della is furious that someone parked the car on the busiest shopping night of the year. He decides to do something about it, so he leaves a nasty note on the windshield of the car. The next fifteen minutes of the film is devoted to Della strolling around the shopping center without a goal. When he finally goes to the car, the bandits confront her in the matter of the note, the cop is killed, and she escapes, they catch up with her, she escapes, and they chase her even more, and so on. Everything is completely predictable and uninvolved. Collections are not at all frightening or threatening, and all are picked one by one in all usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies in which the whole action depends on the stupid form, as you can imagine. Why bad guys do not kill her, instead of waiting for them to hit them with iron in the tire, he's outside me. And once, only once, in such a movie, the package leader must die last? How does it matter that everyone is chosen one by one, when everyone is equally inept? A large part of the movie simply consists of Lukas Haas running in the woods, shouting "Dell !!!" And including Joy Division in the soundtrack of this unfortunate movie is offensive. <br /> <br /> The part that really made me run to my computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and wounded, calls to heaven, "Where are you, God? Where was God really when the film was made? I give him 2 only because of competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as "BTK Killer", the ultimate marker for judging a horrible movie. Your health!
