After a three-way transition, I still have no idea what the movie is about because, to be honest, it did not arouse any interest or concern. But here goes: a group too old to be teenagers Teen Actors dressed in scary fashion from the 80s (do we look like that ???) decide that it would be a really good idea to get on a motorboat and visit an abandoned Alcatraz after that, how one of them has nightmares about people killed in various terrifying ways that can tear POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL DEAD and Freddy Kreuger in one go. Dimwit even imagines that he is baked on an open fire with a few deformed freaks cutting off the sirloin strips. Well, it was just a dream, and maybe it hurts, and it's good that his dreams had a decent budget of special effects. Mine are usually pretty bad: girls, spaceships, blowing up bazookas, etc. <br /> <br /> Being on the island of Alcatraz, they are in the film Slash and meet Tony Basil, who can not resist breaking into a dance in poses and having your own lighting team (complete with a smoke machine in this smoky light from the eighties, which I miss a little). And that's how it reminded me that Mrs. Basil helped choreographer David Byrne of Talking Heads in some of his films and performances. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film, but it occurred to him because the film was very uncertain. It happens and you can either watch or work on the marker of your site, on the TV off from the side. But because the movie is not really interesting, you decide to finish the last thing, instead of wasting time, the movie will end and you will wonder what you missed every time you realize that the final credits are starting to look again ... /> <br /> * SOME * Teenage horror movies from the 80s can survive such specialized watching: GHOSTHOUSE Umberto Lenzi, CHOPPING MALL and Killbots, it's hard to ignore NIGHT THIRD -Te-top SLEEPAWAY CAMP all comes to mind. These are films that, like them, require your attention and are usually worth a good gore or T & A, and typos in your work are proof that you watched TV instead of the keyboard. I'm sure that HELL ISLAND (what is called the British version, which I call) actually has some good things in it, but honestly I do not care. And nothing is more annoying when we meet the art of any genre that does not arouse admiration, some decent reluctance, or even good old honest hatred for it. The film is happy with the 80-minute simulation and never really achieves anything but being dispersed despite my best efforts to try and give it a chance, but without a bone. <br /> <br /> An unusual production project is underway, the use of lighting is sometimes striking, and sporadic outbursts of chaos will probably be of interest to Teen Horror fans from the 80s. The rest of you, however, will be warned: YOU WILL BE BECAUSE IF YOU WAS BORN IN THIS IN 1987, and the answer is probably more hideous than anything that happens on the screen. Try, if possible, to consider her a free rental, that in case of disappointment do not be stuck in this damned: movies like this occupy a valuable place on the shelf, which is often a commodity nowadays. everything ...
