Witchcraft / Witchery / La Casa 4 / and whatever you want to call it. What do you say ... Primitive. <br /> <br /> A meeting of people at the Massachusetts island resort is besieged by the black magical powers of a bad witch who kills every person using cruel, tiring methods. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) takes photos for Linda (Catherine Hickland, whose voice and behavior resembles EE-YOR from the cartoon Winnie the Poo), a virgin studying spells, on the island without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, portraying an incredibly naughty bitch) is interested in buying a resort and her husband Freddie (Robert Champagne, who is always staring at other women much younger than him), pregnant daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and grandson Tommy (Michael Manchester who just looks bored, would probably like to see Sesame Street instead of playing this rubbish), take a boat to the resort, which is treated to real estate by son Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) Realtor Tony Giordano, apparently a business puppy who has wet feet. Along with these people is the architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose figure is a nymphomaniac) who can help Rose change the design of the center. The captain of the boat is killed by Lady in Black (Hildegard Knef, he has makeup and a thick lipstick) and a storm begins. The boat departs alone (I think, guided by the invisible power of the Lady in black), in which everyone is stuck in a disintegrating center, which urgently needs repair. Most of the victims, before they encounter their terrifying fate, are carried by a kind of red wormhole, whose vortex leads to another dimension (... maybe a kind of hell or something), where they are tortured by these monsters dressed in ragged clothes with a miserable face. One of the victims has a sowed mouth before it is hung upside down in the chimney, baked, while others light the fireplace. One poor soul is tortured by the sharp twists of the rope wrapped tightly around her body before she finds herself hanging from the swordfish swallow penetrating her neck. One man slowly suffocates when his veins bulge (... and bleed), and the blood vessels of the neck break in the wind that writhes in Hasselhoff's face! One man is crucified with nails stuck in his hands before he is hanged upside down on an open fire. Blair's pregnant victim is possessed, her hair stands at the end, speaking in the voice of another woman. One is raped by this demonic man with "sick" lips, when hell hobo are standing nearby cheering happily. The film, despite its excesses, is mostly boring for those who really want to see the lowest point in the career of Hasselhoff and Blair, who deserve better. Almost unbearable, building uncertainty. Clumsy execution of death sequences that look cheap and funny. Sure, some gore is alright, but most of the movie shows the victims after they passed through the bell. We have a chance to see pregnant women (..who look exactly like stuntmen in costumes with bad wigs) by jumping from three story windows. Oh, and the reflected face of the Lady in Czernia often appears on dead objects so that the characters can see them. Tommy has a small recorder of Sesame Street, which records massive "Lady in Black" songs, of course used later. For some reason, Lady in black likes to visit little Tommy. She is not afraid of her at all, because Tommy is just too bored to show any expression, let alone fear. I have to say more? This is real smelly. Ugh.
