There are many different versions of this around, so make sure you can locate one of the invaluable copies, otherwise you may miss some gore and one nudity scene. Some versions omit most of the opening sequences and other bits here and there. The cut I've seen has the title WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS on the screen and it was released by the Shriek Show, which kept the original US WITCHERY publishing title for the DVD release. It looks nice and it seems to have all the material, but it has some problems with pruning / proportions. In Italy he was released as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two releases of LA CASA were in fact the first two EVIL DEAD films (repeated), and the third LA CASA is another film from the same production company (Filmirage), which is best known here in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make it even more confusing, WITCHERY was also released elsewhere as GHOSTHOUSE 2. With the exception of Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is in fact OGRE: DEMONS 3. OK, better shut up now. I'm starting to get confused! <br /> <br /> Regardless of the title, it is a very difficult horror. Some of them are good, some are not. Actually, I was in this movie for the first half, but in the end it became a senseless mess. A large, empty hotel on the island, about 50 miles from Boston, is a place where various people are picked up one by one by a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to capture "Witch Light" and his virgin girl-writer (Leslie Cumming), who studies spells, sits in a hotel without permission. A real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) arrives who presents the property to potential buyers of Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Their children are also marked; pregnant adult daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and very young son Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as oversexed architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff's wife at the time). When everyone is in the middle, their boat driver is killed (suspended), and the boat disappears, so they are trapped and basically at the mercy of "Lady in Black". <br /> <br /> So what can you expect to find here? Lots of unpleasantness! One of the characters has a tight mouth, then hangs upside down in the fireplace and accidentally slowly roasted by the rest of the cast. There is also a crucifixion, witches eating a dead child, a sword-bearer, someone set on fire, possession, a Sesame Street record player, a virgin raped by a demon, veins bulged and exploding by poking a voodoo doll and some other things. From a technical point of view, it is a nice-looking movie with quite good cinematography, decent result and good gore effects. The hotel / island setting is also quite nice. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross seem to have fun, and Knef is great as a bad witch. Even if people like to laugh at Hasselhoff nowadays, he is also not bad at his role. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, despite all the gore, the movie seems a bit boring and becomes monotonous after about an hour. Supernatural themes are also confused and confusing. When the heroes get dragged into the witches' den to be tortured and killed, the filmmakers have unwisely decided to put the screaming actors on some stupid effect of red spiral whirlpools that looks extremely trashy. And the witch's hideout is empty and cheaply designed with unfinished lumber. And although most of the cast is at least decent, a few performances (especially the "actress" who plays the Hasselhoff girl and the kid) are so angry that they are constantly distracting.
