Let's put aside the political correctness and let's look at it in terms of the many sexual comedies that appeared in the 1980s, because on the one hand I do not think that it is better or worse than others. Unless you are a religious kook or a tense woman, you can probably see a stupid movie like this, not caring about the whole content, and I personally had a completely innocent feeling before and after watching. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny as hell and begins to spy on an attractive maid who just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly to Philly, but everything warms up when his father leaves the city for business and begins to flirt with him for this the degree that he invites him to his bedroom to watch him undress. Philly is awkward and does not know how to react at first, but soon she goes on and has sex, but to her horror it seems that Nicole has died of a heart attack! With the help of poor chauffeur Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they apparently buried her body, but a blackmail note appears and Philly must get $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole arrives and finds out that the whole thing was an extortion plan set up by Lester and that she only agreed to her because she was an illegal foreigner and if she did not do what she was told Lester would call the immigration office. Together, they try to get their father's money back before he comes home and use Jack (Ed Begley Jr.) who is a tennis instructor but pretends to be a policeman who threatens Lester. <br /> <br /> This small comedy has been produced for less than $ 3 million, but has earned over $ 50 million worldwide and has made it one of the least likely films at the time that has been so successful, prompting me to think about why it was a hit and not any of the others in the music genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast of having made a hit movie, but the truth is that he has never had a career in movies, although he has had great success on television. So ... why has it been so effective? I think it may be because of Kristel and before you decide I'm crazy, listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star because of her soft feature films, so the reason alone made many free thinkers curious about watching her in an American film that had a wide publishing house. In this way, the same adults will also nostalgically think about their own youth and fantasies about learning ways to love by an attractive older woman who attracts much younger members of the audience who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film. Anyway, this is my idea and if someone has a different reason why I would like to hear it, but back to the movie itself, it is obvious (and very sad) that such a film will probably never be re-created (except Europe) with religious reasons and other prudish weirdos who simply can not come to terms with the fact that a teenage boy lays down will do him no harm. In fact, it is a valuable service that ALL BOYS are praying for! The movie itself is clumsy, and Kristel's double body is too obvious in some scenes, especially if you take into account the difference in their nipples. The story (though intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny nor revealing, so it was left looking at naked scenes that really are the norm for the genre.
