Well, it turned out, as expected: visual overload, but nothing else added the original. What surprised me, however, is that the plot was quite drastically changed compared to the movie from 1968. Initially, it aroused my interest, but I was finally surprised by the fact that the new twists of action (a) were apparently invented to present us a typical Hollywood product and (b) make the entire story unbelievable! The story of 1968 was breathtaking and did not contain any temporary storms or any false kind: it simply stated that when you return home after a long journey, the situation may change a bit. For example, Earth could fall into the hands of monkeys. Like many "old" movies, its main component was the tension (hell, does anyone today understand this word?). In this film, Burton attempted to transform the whole into an action movie, but at what price? Certainly the images are overwhelming and a lot of time and money have been devoted to designing a complete culture of monkeys (even monkey-music!) But what is wrong? <br /> <br /> First, suspending disbelief is very difficult because monkeys have many Hollywood features. I refer especially to Ari and the slave trader. These features include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm and an openly displayed array of "subtle" emotions. You forget that apes are monkeys, which is necessary. <br /> <br /> Secondly, people SAY. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget how to talk, but the fact that monkeys have speech, and people did not make the monkey / human change very tangible and stressful in the 1968 version. The wound in Charlton Heston's throat is of vital importance to his survival, and later recovered speech that is essential to his uniqueness and interest in Dr. Zira (there is no need for things like human rights activists or monkey-human love to explain things). <br /> <br /> Third, the fact that they talk great with improbability ads, but it's a necessary turn in the new movie, since Captain Davidson has to play Hollywood, save the whole-world-and-mom-good-end- for-everyone-and-still-do-it-salon-bar-for-a-nice-diet-coking character. Oh, my God, will they never learn? From the beginning, I do it when only one guy died! They needed a hero! And then the writers continue to reason: we need one guy ... so why would one guy get lost ... because he's trying to save the monkey from the electromagnetic storm ... unbelievable! But it is necessary because it shows the audience that he respects monkeys! Because in these modern and politically correct times, we can not have a xenophobic ape like 68 Charlotte Heston characters on the screen: give them a chewing gum version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, well, a general turn of the original "truth discovery" of the 1968 film into the modern version (discovers that his own mother ship crashed on the planet centuries ago and their laboratory monkeys have developed your society, where Heston just discovered it somehow, the monkeys overtook the earth when it was far away). The second, battle part, is the highlight. This is because this movie added the first two films of Planet of the Apes in one thread. Nice try, but the coolness you feel when Davidson and you discover that he got lost on the planet forever, he just washes off because of the uninteresting battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: the end !!! For chrissakes, who invented it ?! (a) Davidson crashes DUAL with his rescue capsule, which seems to be an unstable object, while the chimpanzee manages to just land gracefully? Come on, who would believe it? If the pods are really small space units (Davidson just flies into the cosmos at the end), not just the rescue ships, maybe he managed to land safely at least once, no? And what about this ending ?? I mean, in the original movie it was clear that everything was happening on the ground. But here: the whole film takes place on a distant planet and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Thade) the culture of monkeys on earth ??? Why? Have the monkeys from a distant planet evolved technologically, fell into a storm of time and colonized the earth before Davidson's mission took off? Why are you worshiping Thade? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even cute and beautiful like a monkey, but I was expecting nothing less. I preferred her monkey to Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I have some loose wire in my head. Nevertheless, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (the wonderful!) And home monkey Ari (former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, many things could and should have been added / changed to an image from 1968, but not to the story, at least not this way. It was simple and clear and did not require any additional explanation. He was nicely cheeky and caricatural. Do not stylize everything ...
