The film features a completely forgotten star from the 1930s, Jack Pearl ("Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante. However, after 7-2 decades, this is the movie "Three Stooges" because they are the only ones in the film that the average person would recognize today. Film fanatics also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> When it comes to Stooges, it's a movie from very early days - before MGM had any idea what to do with the band. At the moment, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" because Healy was a frontman. Fortunately for Stooges, they soon left this nasty and not very talented man (read it - you'll see what I mean), and the rest is history. During the year, they made very successful short films for Colombia, and MGM executives soon kicked for the loss of the band. Such things were a frequent occurrence in MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (such as films by Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until his departure to Colombia, MGM put them in various weird movie roles - including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford at DANCING LADY. And, oddly enough, in this movie they did not act as a band - they just did different supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano! <br /> <br /> This particular movie starts with the loss of Pearl and Durante in the African jungle. When they are saved and brought home, all the sense of the structure of the film breaks down, and the film becomes almost like a show of diversity - intermittent scenes with traces here and there. As for Pearl, I really saw why he never made it to the movie, because he has the personality of a snail (but slightly less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the audience saw in him - at least when it came to his films - he was loud and ... loud! Apparently, he took the time to help MGM ruin Buster Keaton's career to make the film. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on many verbal humor (?) And routine in the Vaudeville style, which have a downward trend. <br /> <br /> In this movie, Stooges did not have the right chemistry yet. Seeing Healy doing the work that Moe did in his later films is strange. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they turned on and off too fast to allow them to really get to the routine. Stooges fans can be very frustrated with it, although die-hard fans may want to see it, so they can end their life goal of seeing everything Stooge - even the rotten movie of Joe DeRity and Joe Besser (oh, did they get bad after death Shemp and Curly). <br /> <br /> In general, the movie is rather boring and disappointing. There are a few interesting things in the mess. Approximately after 13 minutes you will see a short scene in which the guide sings on the bus. Look carefully, because it's Walter Brennan in a role that you would never have expected! Another amazing thing to look for in a movie is the song "Clean as a Whistle" that starts about 22 minutes in the movie. This song and dance number is clearly an example of the so-called "Pre-Code" scene that would never be allowed in movies after 1934 (when the production code was reinforced). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, it's a very exciting number with naked women showing a lot of body - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! It is quite shocking when we see them today, although such excesses were quite common in the early thirties. Finally, after 63 minutes, see how Jimmy Durante has withdrawn from the race for several decades. See the movie, you'll see that I mean!
