If you want to look after your child, make sure that they do not live near the cemetery. Especially if the kid has the habit of drawing bloody pictures and disappears at night among the tombstones to see her "friends". But our long-haired heroine, unaware of all signs, shakes with her family, Nortons, in this harsh father and dull older brother who becomes the love interest of our beginning babysitter. Even more frightening than a gang of zombies outside is the tendency of the cast to talk, even when their lips do not move, and the words do not match the movement of their mouths. But enough of that .. domestic animals are sacrificed, older women have torn eyeballs, and the orchestra will not close in any scene, even the quiet one. Oh, and the editor has a day off on the way to the movie. <br /> <br /> It would be better if everyone involved breathed, felt what they were signing up and disappeared. Yes, I know that it is difficult to get to movies at the moment, but this kind of starting point does not belong to the CV you want. If he was like an agricultural trainee who was convicted of molesting chickens. It features one of the worst lead appearances ever seen by the penetrating Laurel Barnett, and the other almost as bad as the charismatic children's actress Rosalie Cole (another Dakota Fanning, which he does not have). we get what goes to the climax. <br /> <br /> This applies to five or six members of the undead who barricade our completely useless heroine in the shed, while her rough part repels those ghouls with a wooden board, one shell-shotgun and everything on which she can lay her hands. But going back a minute earlier, they found themselves in the car and accidentally discovered that the creatures had discovered that the horn's noise was so repulsive that they were gone. Do they stay where they are safe? No, of course not, they're running into this abandoned building in the middle of nothing, so the guy can prove who the hardnut he is, the girl can act like she's having a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie closes. It does not stop, it just stops. The main character returns to his vehicle covered with false blood, as if nothing happened. But, my dear spectator, something terrible has happened. You've just sat in one of the most boring, boring horrors you'll ever see, and you've lost 82 minutes of your life, you'll never come back. Just think ... for years on your deathbed, what would you exchange for an hour and 22 minutes to spend some time with your family. Unfortunately, it's too late for me. Do not make the same mistake :( 2/10
