The little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the village. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies when the movie starts with feeding kittens to some kind of creature in the cemetery, and she recently lost her mother who went mad but while she lived she enjoyed staying in the forest all night. The premise of the film is the appearance of a new young lady in Rosalie who deals with her. When driving, get to know the evil in the forest and imagine the tension here, experiencing a huge blue barrel falling from the side of the cliff, to somehow stop her car dead. From there, he approaches the nearest house and discovers Mrs. Whitfield, who then explains many things about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness of Mrs. Whitfield's candid form must be seen as faith. Well, the young lady meets the child and soon we find out that she is not only weird, but everyone in the film is also very strange. All share one common feature that none of them has ever heard about acting school. None of these people can act - as evidenced by several vehicles, any of which appeared in the whole film before or after - and all of them look as if they had no idea what is happening, stop to remember lines and they have all the conviction about a paper bag. The director lets the material in a slow tempo, with this terrible piano music crescendoing here and there in things that are to be frightening. It takes some time for us before we get to several murders on the part of friends of creatures, but until then I did not care. Murders are also not convincing, and the truth is that the whole movie looks like someone who was going through it together on the farm of his friend with people and things on the spot. That everything has been said that the ending has some terrifying aspects, although we do not learn one thing, why Rosalie is so, and more importantly, what a creature with cheap masks is. Cheap even begin to describe the budget here. Basically, it is a few old farms and a few raccoons at the end and of course forests. Someone borrowed some old cars from the director. No special effects and only the most minimal makeup. There are so many funny / funny moments to calculate, but I will mention only a few here, which at least made me giggle because of the lack of creative abilities: 1) Observe the gardener's body long after he was "killed." Len enters and sees him slain and you can see his fat belly rising alive 2) the dying scene at the end where Rosalie's actress is being killed, seems to be listening to directions and dying sweetly, taking into account the method 3) What do you say to a guy playing father Roasli Who gave us the spoiled poor Andy Griffith? The scene in which he laughs at the dying scouts was a strange boom, the child is really a bad movie and it is very bad even for cheese from the 70s. This is not a movie B, but rather the Z movie with producer Harry Novak, who earns money virtually on nothing.
