Yes, AWA supplies, as someone can forget about this unreal show. First, they had a very short interlocutor named Marty O'Neil, who made "Rock n Roll" by Buck Zumhofe looking like a nose. Then it was Gene Okerland, when he "went mad as a wrestler," he would say "Were out of time" or "No be right back", acting like he was furious, but in reality he was forced. After he went to the WWF, Ken Resneck took over, even though his mustache looked like a weekly soup stuck in this place. He was a great interlocutor who "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called the face of a mouse, which made me fall from laughter. After he jumped out of the ship, Larry Nelson came on board, which was so bad that Phyllis George would have been better! Then there is Doug McLeod, the best wrestling announcer who made every match exciting with his description of the blows! Then he was offered more pay in the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. On the ring, which can forget Roger Kent, who misspells words and sentences, was historic. Like when the wrestler was great, "He is great!" he hit or kicked in the bowels "in the wedges" or when he kicked "He pitted him" or "the piledriver should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle used him on an unarmed opponent. for more ecological money (WWF) they had Rod Trongarda, who announced the style was great, but different. For example, when a wrestler scraped the shoe soles from the forehead of another guy who said "Across the frontal frontal lobe" or when the wrestler is in trouble "Hes in the wrong wrong way." He would also say that AWA is the worst, hardest, worst, most scientific wrestler here at AWA! (No extra money, Verne Gagne!) After his departure (WWF) Larry (Where is Phyllis?!) Nelson took control and talked to someone else or completely ignored him (WWE wisely did not take him!) Also Greg Gagne had the ugliest wrestling shoes, I've seen in the yellow color of something that I do not have I'd like to say. Also, when looking for a tag, it looks like he wants to arrange it so he can run to the nearest toilet! Jumpin J im Brunzell was such a great dropkick artist that you wonder why Greg was his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also the wrestler of the superstar, but you wonder why Verne himself won with him (Puhleeeeze!). Then when Vince McMahon would hire Gagnes' workers, most of them would struggle with squash matches. I would like to see how the Gagne family says that stocks are now real!
