I saw this movie right now, not when it was released and considered the best picture of the year here in Israel. and summarizing everything now, I will say only: this is not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is Dr Shaul's second feature film, and I must admit that his first and television drama, which he made before this picture, is much better. what's more, this is his first attempt to direct the drama. early works were comedies and were fun and effective. <br /> <br /> The first thing you need to know if you ever see this movie: Israel of the 21st century hates the kibbutz and values ​​it represented from the formation of the State of Israel. the real situation of the kibbutz is very tragic, and some of them disappear one by one. kibbutz, the Hebrew word for the collective, was a kind of village only for members, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. along with the change in social values, it seems that the kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was suppressed, closed in dogma, without a ticket. the entry of capitalist values ​​and way of life in the 1990s, and it has so far made it difficult for the kibbutz to survive. crazy mother in the movie is the main metaphor of this. <br /> <br /> But I think that this movie has nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old kibbutz times. Once every young couple's dream was to live in a kibbutz and raise children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the movie shows the opposite. that the kibbutz, with its socialist dogma, was a place like the worship of crazy people, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of every human being inside the collective. this is the main philosophy of postmodern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. you have to put yourself in the center and nobody else is you. it is the philosophy behind which the film is favored, and this is only the first sin. <br /> <br /> If you do not agree with me on the political side, I am sure that you will agree that the acting, the tone of the film, its script and its direction are the four sins that follow. the movie does not have a real visual text and none of its pictures is something to remember. it is also very "delicate", delicacy, which is nothing more than an artistic attempt to provoke emotions that are not revealed, not in the film, not in the viewer. it only brings boredom. <br /> <br /> Can anyone explain why this movie has won so many awards? maybe because it shows that Israel is compatible with the rest of the world, hating socialist and human values? or maybe it shows that Israel is a "delicate" place, not giving in to dogmas and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us to be? or perhaps because he tells one of the greatest lies of Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification for the existence of a Jewish state? regardless of the answer, this is not a good answer. not for the world, not for human values, not for Jews.
