The first Home Alone was a decent movie ... the sequel was almost the same, in a new setting. This one tries to be original and to some extent it succeeds ... of course, the formula is basically the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time with a slightly changed plot. The new score is quite bad (although the new song "trap setting" was, if at all, interesting and different), especially compared to the great result of the first and almost, but not very good, result of the second. It (almost) makes up for it with pretty good non-original music, but it's not the same. The story is fair and somewhat original in relation to the series, but it is still basically the same film as the first two, with worse acting and a less impressive example of "horrifying character proving to be good". Acting is mostly not very impressive. Characters are mostly caricatures. The new thieves are less entertaining than the old ones (and they are joking about espionage, which is almost criminal, considering the limited amount of good spy movies, and how few of them are cool). The fact that there are more of them (and thus more traps) is simply a weak attempt to go higher than the first two films ... and it does not work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is a bit too ... grown up and serious in relation to the children's film (and was a sexual joke or two, although this is not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complicated, just like the plot in general. I could follow this, but I doubt that a kid could. Part of the exposure is so obvious that even children can think it is stupid. Animal things are generally not fun. There are fewer siblings, which should mean that they are born more, but have fewer personalities than least distinguished from the first two films. In summary, it's just not particularly good or worth watching, unless * you really * love to watch criminals get hurt in cartoon violence. I recommend it only to great fans of the series. 3/10
