It was one of those movies that in the early 70s had a lot of fun on radio waves, usually in "4am Movie" or once, in 19:30 "Channel 6 Big Movie" and one more in Creature Double Feature Local channels .WHen used to run movies as part of local programming (usually there is no time for advertising today) It was time. A few low-paid would-be Abbotts and Costello (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen men in the remnants of the Surplus Army) who are sent to field maneuvers to look into some strange radiation and end the encounter of extraterrestrials. First, they go to the Bronson Canyon to the famous Batcave at BATMAN and meet the remains of the dead "carrot monster". Later, in a cave, they are hunted down by a living creature of carrots - basically a guy in a black suit and papier mache head, with shining things on it and ping-pong eyes. Two of them - complete maniacs, Ray and Ball - are caught and waking up attached to the tables and being "examined" by cosmic amazons - Dr. Poon (nooo kidding!) And Professor Tanga who are stunningly beautiful, and even moreso in their skimpy bikini "uniforms". We were too young then to realize what later scenarios of bondage and fetish would suggest this "exam" scene. It turns out that the two girls and their carrot monster are trapped on the ground with a ship that is well hidden and try to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The movie was created as a total comedy with varying degrees of taste, but remember that it was a time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew from Frankie and Annette movies were the pinnacle of the comedy B-drive. <br /> <br /> For some reason I thought that I would imagine that I would see the movie at the beginning. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on the "restored" DVD, I was sure in my memory. Comedy goes from mild to just stupid, but whatever. The budget does not exist, which is a small miracle when you think about it, that even it arose and we can talk about the "restored" version here and now - more than 40 years later. The payment is for girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing", and the result is maniacs - which we all gained thanks to girls and love. It's just stupid and stupid, and for places it's nostalgic.
