Apparently, Shakespeare equals a high forehead, which in turn equals a group of people who do not see what it really is. At some point in this film, someone (I believe Pacino producer) warns him that the movie is disappearing, it's once about how the masses think about Shakespeare by RICHARD III's vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a sliced ​​game with random comments scattered throughout the text. Some of the scenes seemed to be included in Al's home movies (was there really any reason for a quick visit to the birthplace of Shakespeare, except for something unexpected about what's going on there?) And before the movie really started, we are treated as seeing Al Prance and they are cute and funny. I thought his silly game with Kay at the end of GODFATHER III with the knife to the throat was ACT - but apparently Al actually behaves in person. <br /> <br /> Enough hiking. Here is a shotgun that I could not even do by 3/4: 1) pretentious - Al always knows when the camera is on it, whether it works as Richard, or in a "real" conversation with someone - you can see it at the corners of the eyes, and some of the actors on the rehearsal table become unbound and the wax goes to extremes. If someone who reads this, ever spent time with a group of actors and witnessed this kind of thing from outside, it's unbearable. "Look at me, chewing the whole scenery!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this movie stops with a squeal she never recovers. There is nothing to add in the discussion scenes, but the camera sticks to her to introduce the kids. Her performance is awful, like starting up. 3) The only thing you have really learned are those scholars who are being avoided by filmmakers. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not direct movies (or do Richard first). I prefer to watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the game and learn about it yourself. Go and see how it happens. In 1997, I saw a play done at the University of Washington Ethnic University and made what we see in this film seem like a high school drama (except for the free cut of Clarence's throat! My God! Was that necessary ?!) <br /> <br /> It's all just a few sounds and rage, signifying nada.
