Syriana was overwhelmed by the critics after the premiere, and everything seemed crazy. I suppose it is one of those films that are very intelligent ... so intelligent that I think you need to know the oil industry and the brilliant mind well. I do not consider myself unintelligent, I have studied politics from an early age and I enjoy intelligent film, but mostly, if it is not documentary, the films are to be primarily entertaining and have a message. Syriana tried to be completely intelligent and it turns some people away. I would even go so far as to say that those who rave about it and say that 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. This movie was the most confused, senseless, mindless dribbling I've seen for some time ... Especially considering the critical acclaim, the nod from Oscar and the cast. Screenwriter Stephen Gaghan once again disappointed me. His horribly written Havoc preceded this movie and I think he is simply trying too much. I can not believe that he was offered the opportunity to write a Da Vinci Code script. In addition, Gaghan directed the film, which made it an absolute mess. I had no idea who he was, why it was happening, who is who and what is. It was a catastrophe. <br /> <br /> Because I do not really know who anyone was, I can only mention the actors and what I thought about their performances, because despite the frighteningly complicated scenario, the actors did a good job. George Clooney plays in C.I.A. field agent and assassin I think? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been my favorite, but recently he managed to win some decent performances and it seemed quite a good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a dirty story, and if I knew what was happening to him, I would be very happy with his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman, and he is rather bland and always looks like a deer in the headlamps, which I can understand his confusion after reading this scenario and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays his wife, and she does well in the few scenes she has received. Christopher Plummer appears in the camera as someone who does something. I like Plummer and I love to watch him, even if he has no more bills. <br /> <br /> The cast is intense if history makes sense. I would like to quote a full description of the plot on IMDb. "The missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the Emir's heir signs a contract to supply oil to China, cutting off an American company that quickly shoots its immigrants and joins a small company that landed on a Kazakh oil contract The Department of Justice suspects bribery, and the law firm of an oil company finds a scapegoat. The CIA also needs this when his conspiracy to kill the emir-seemingly fails .. Agent Bob Barnes, a fall guy, sorts a double cross. an economist follows his son's death in a contract in which he advises sheikh, whom the CIA wants to die, and the unemployed Pakistanis join the fundamentalist group, and all roads begin and end in the oil fields. WHAT!?!? Tell me who now? Syriana may be a movie of a thinking man, but it bored me to tears, and no matter how hard I tried to stay with it, I finally gave up and turned off after an hour and a half, and you could not bribe me. I suppose if you want to formulate an opinion, just look at it just in case, but I promise that someone looking for entertainment or a nice movie will sleep in the first half hour. 1/10
