Wha-BAM! Someone was definitely having fun by devouring a whole truck of sour mushrooms, and then he wrote this crazy excuse for the movie! Writer Howard Cohen extends the concept of "Sword & Sorcery" with a few additional letters S, such as Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Sheer Stupidity! This is not just a movie, it's the dreams and fantasies of every juvenile pervert! "Deathstalker" has everything: blood, violence, trolls, female mud, attempted rapes, successful rapes, life-sized pigs (!), Horrible hairstyles, hideously oiled muscular bodies, multilingual orgies, gay fighters, tournaments - to death, looming witches , dismembering, funny villains and tits, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with its obvious role model "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to the conditions of affection and extravagance. This story is of course of little importance. Lonely and cheerful (only he does not know it yet) Warrior Deathstalker sets out on a mission, as the annoying witch proves to collect three well-known elements of creation? or something like that. During his journey, he joins forces with a troll who became a man, a warrior who is even more gay than he, and - no less important - a juicy woman who really does not seem to be a big support for the bra concept. Together they go to the realm of the evil Munkar, where they will take part in the tournament of warriors and conquer no less than two of the three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with half a spider web tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that envies even the richest oil of a sheikh. Okay, I admit, "Deathstalker" is a damn awful, and sometimes even unbearable movie. The combat sequences are poor, and the costumes and effects of make-up are simply pathetic. For a moment, looking at the opening sequence, I was afraid that I was watching "Troll; Prequel ". Monsters look incredibly tacky and quite the opposite, just like a threat, but it's an undeniable entertainment if you have a little demanding mood. I suppose that this is not a favorite among feminists, because the general image of women is in a sense discriminatory. Most gals are only used as an eye in the harem. They were allowed to crawl on the floor naked and play in the mud, but they were strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "leading" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are delightful, but - to be honest - if it were not their constantly exposed stands, it would be difficult to mention them.
