Woosh ?? Man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> Maybe the opening scene? We see a group of barbarian Mongoloides with bad makeup jumping off the walls of some ruins. They sneak in and attack a guy with a scantily dressed woman. The guy runs away, the Mongolids follow him, and one of them stays behind to rape the girl, but instead reveals one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then the guy (still on the run) sees the horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? a blond, god-like hero appears with an evil wig, saying: "This is my horse!". Powerful Deathstalker has just arrived. Mongoloid arrives, Deathstalker kills them all (including guest) on the melodies of the wrong western score of Mexicanos (it's supposed to be "Swords & Sorcery", so what about "arriba-trompettos"?), Then goes to Captive Girl and reveals both her breasts. He starts to rub them, and Captive Girl likes it. He begins to like his mouth and caress Deathstalker. When they get to it, this old guy appears, interrupting something that might have been the end of the perfect day for Deathstalker (and the perfect ending of the short movie possible). <br /> <br /> Tell me now ?? Is not this the point where either the feminist angrily turns off the video, or any other male viewer will say "It will be a hell of a good movie!" The story is as simple as throwing a cat out of the balcony: Deathstalker must get the Sword of Justice and use it to theft of the Amulet of Life and the Chalice of Magic from the evil wizard Munkar. <br /> <br /> Beyond decapitations, dismemberment, random bloodshed, fist fights and embarrassing sword fights, this movie also contains a huge amount of shots t! ts and $$. Initially, I wanted to add one additional point to this film for every unpaid shot of naked tits that I could count. After 9 points (even in the middle of the movie) I had to give up counting. It distracted me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Completely crazy things. Check out this mutated creature similar to the cat / worm Munkar as a pet that feeds eyeballs and fingers. Here's an interesting question: what would you do if a man in a woman's body entered your bedroom and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you pat him a little, take the knife and try to rape him. Then you discover that she is not really a woman, so you throw him out of bed and let him leave the room. It works well, I'm telling you. Deathstalker does it too, and Deathstalker's path is the right way! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a really great movie, as indicated in other comments. Black characters are mean. Women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and tasty chicken. It is a completely senseless tournament in which simply a bunch of barbarians beats, cuts and tears each other. My favorite weapon used in this tournament was a huge wooden hammer, used to beat a weak pretender to the bloody pulp. And my favorite contender was undoubtedly this one brutal from Warthog-head (reminiscent of Gamorrean Guards from RETURN OF JEDI). I will not reveal how the film ends, but just be prepared for the rapture when I tell you that in the climax of the film, a 4-sided fragmentation is drawn in. <br /> <br /> And of course there is a great show of ineptitude throughout the movie. See the guy dragged behind the horse on a dirt road, and the next shot from the point of view shows that he is dragged on the grass (without a road). See that the amazing tattoo on the wizard's head magically changes sides in the same scene (the shot has it on the left side of the head and the other on the right). In the end, Munkar is a magician. This is it, or this movie was shot in an alternative universe where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I liked and as much as I expect the other three installments in this series, I have enough shred of decency not to let this film go. However, I am prepared to give him the maximum number of minimum points, just to let me subtract some additional points for the worst possible consequences. DEATHSTALKER can be fun, cheesy and miserable CONAN, it's also a disgusting movie.
