I searched the Hollywood movie last night with a friend trying to find a nice-looking horror movie to watch on New Year's weekend. When I looked through the shelves, "Severed" noticed my eye, and I grabbed them from the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent B-class horror. The cover looked pretty good. The plot sounded semi-interesting. So I hired her. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. I think more money was spent on the cover than the film itself. The film follows two police detectives who hunt down a voodoo inspired ritual serial killer, The Head Hunter, who decapitates victims left and right in some unnamed city (probably in Los Angeles) and gets involved in his world of ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> The sound of the story is a bit good? Well, this is and this movie could have been half decent. Good God, that was bad! Almost everything was funny. On the opening stage, a red-haired actress appears in a car trying to talk on this huge, obsolete mobile phone and for whatever reason she goes outside and talks to some guy. Then a shadow appears behind them, it breaks away from the head, and the girl falls to the ground and starts crawling (absolutely without reason), trying to dial 911. Sounds funny? Yes, you bet you do. The whole movie looks like it was filmed on a VHS-quality camera and I assume it was. Acting was mostly terrible, and the special effects were far from faith. And the scenes with the policemen on the phone were terrible - the voice on the second line echoed and sounded like it was being recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything in this movie was just amateurish and tedious, and for a long time I was not interested in it, and I was often bored and tired, mainly because of bad acting and terrible photos. The pace was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> In general, "Severed" is an unsuccessful attempt at what could have been a decent movie. The plot was good and I think that if this movie was better served and had a higher budget, it could be fine. But this movie did not fit his face. If you're expecting something decent, you will be very disappointed. Recommended only if you can tolerate a class D horror movie. Otherwise, you'll probably want to stay away from this trash. It had little potential, but it was not a mess. 1/10.
