If there is one thing that annoys me the most about watching a bad movie, I see it in experienced filmmakers who should know better. This "re-imagining" of the planet of monkeys could use the imagination, not to mention the essential elements of character development. Nova, a girl from the original Planet of the Apes, in this version was a more developed character than Daena, because she does not say a word. One certainly expected a lot better than Tim Burton, a man who had previously combined an amazing visual imagination with intelligence, wit and humor, all of which were absent in this production. <br /> <br /> There were problems in the basic development of the plot. The first big mistake was to let people talk. This was the basic difference between monkeys and men, which caused * the difference in the original movie. Even when he was dumb, his ability to communicate distinguished Taylor Heston as different from other people. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages (speaking) human slaves to rebel, but there is no overwhelming reason for them not to rebel and regain their emancipation. They are skillful users of tools and have the ability to communicate to create plans, something dumb, which people can not do. No man can fall from the stars to save them. Indeed, since it comes from technological civilization and is in the pre-technological era without (initially) any gadgets that will help him, Wahlberg should be at a disadvantage, not people who are used to it. <br /> <br /> It was sad when Helena Bonham Carter worked so hard to create a spark between herself and Mark Wahlberg who did not match the brick wall. Her best scenes were with the wicked Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> People were practically ignored until they were needed in the third act, at which point Daena began to show some interest in Davidson (Wahlberg) and the young boy suddenly changed from a part of the background into a fierce freedom fighter. It was a poor development of the character. (In particular, Estella Warren looked as if she was capable of something much larger than was given in the script). Intriguing Wahlberg at the end of what these people see in him was certainly divided by me, as he hardly ever contacted people all the time. <br /> <br /> Creating monkeys: half a plus point and two cons: the make-up monkey was perfect on men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (that's why he was so good at The Green Mile), and the makeup design allowed him to their full use. But the female monkeys looked like nothing on earth, neither monkey nor man. The disadvantages were the jumping of monkeys, which looked more or less as realistic as the Flash Gordon rocket: jumping monkeys looked as if they had just been fired from a catapult, they did not have any long paws of real monkeys. Secondly, poor sound mixing - when the gorilla roar is quite clearly called from some animal, probably cats, making them sound ridiculous and unrealistic. monkeys do and say they are treated as a light relief ("I never knew a monkey I did not like." "People see people!"). Here, the monkeys are simply speaking exactly as people of the 21st century do, and there is no humor in it. The only truly original idea was to write Ari upside down. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me do more than the moment of "V-Ger from Star Trek" at the end of the movie. First, the monkeys apparently were able to read Roman letters in the distant past so that they could get to know the name of the Forbidden Zone in its partially hidden form. Second, the mysterious inscription, giving the name, is only covered with sand, which Wahlberg simply shuts off, something that the monkey could have done centuries ago. This moment was much worse to me than the very slandered ending of the movie. <br /> <br /> Things like this are typical of most of today's science fiction movies. In the 1960s and 1970s, they generally did not have the budget to create convincing futuristic sets, but they dealt with original themes and ideas that were genuinely fictitious. I am thinking about 2001: Space Odyssey, Planet of the Apes from 1967, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and Solaris from 1972. The First Planet of the Apes used the only scientifically valid and physically possible method of traveling in time in time. However, this movie contains almost all bad science fiction stereotypes: space storms, anomalies and worm holes straight from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons apparently all are visible together as large globes (in fact from every single planet, all other bodies, even their own moons, are only points of light); a conventional rocket-propelled shuttle moving from Saturn to Earth in minutes, not years; two thousand years of firing equipment and fully operational when the hero presses the button. Not to mention the comfortable bulletproof doors made of internal glass. In the modern environment you would have to explain * why * it was bulletproof, but because it is a "science fiction" that you do not have to! <br /> <br /> In general, the most disappointing Burton movie.
