Alert Spoiler? even though I think it was broken coming out of the can? It's hard to even imagine that a movie with these stars from this studio, made at that time, can be so horrible, but it is. This is the biggest flaw in the movie, which just does not make any goddamn sense. <br /> <br /> A wealthy widower of an American aristocrat, Penn Gaylord, leaves his little daughter "at the helm" and goes to World War I, where he is killed. Then we go to the present day (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court, where they supposedly spent the last twenty years, and some moron named Barclay is trying to take away their home. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that contain a scenario, more holes than in the Warren report. What happened to Gaylord's estate? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family home go from the rich palace to the house at The Munsters? Who is the devil, this clown Barclay? And why is he able to take someone home? Questions simply overlap with further questions. <br /> <br /> Usually polite and charming George Brent plays in Barclaya, who is inexplicably a total tromping at all, taking everything he wants, no matter who he belongs to and without being guilty; however, no one except Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems particularly dislike this moron. Why? None of these questions are ever given. Instead, we follow Fiona's life from one wreck of the train to the other, Angry Barclay takes her home, a fortune, and even a child. What is she doing? Shoot him? Set him on fire? No, too logical. In a completely unlikely package, this woman who was only earlier in a romantic relationship with Barclay, in addition to the technique of marriage, rape, suddenly decides in the middle of the sentence (literally) that he does not hate him, loves him. And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, for no reason in the world, this early female model of independence and authority transforms into an ordinary helpless, twisting ankle, more common in movies from this era. Yes, surely, steal everything in a world that belongs to me and I will fall in love with you. On what planet is this happening? I can only guess why I never heard about this movie before I happened to catch it on Turner, that it was just as lost to the modern public as it is today.
