I would like more films to last two hours. On the other hand, I would like two more American films from the Civil War to be MERELY. "Gone with the wind", "Gettysburg" - as much as I expected; even though these two were having fun for as many hours as they lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it was, because things happened in the course. <br /> <br /> Unlike the Anga Lee movie, it is bloated and calm. In fact, it seems that it takes less than two hours. It was not a compliment. It really is no different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time it seems that it will never end, and then it seems that it did not take him any time. <br /> <br /> The film gets bad when Lee plays his endless credits. OVER the initial material (bad mistake) in which we are portrayed to some characters, we do not like each other immediately, and later we will hate. The main two are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are staunch supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally staunch Southerner who values ​​Jake's shares. (I had to read this sentence again to make sure that at some point I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake"). They both set out to become "bushy" - the southern militia, who so much covets vengeance and violence, which they can not even ask themselves to join the official southern army, which I suppose is for the sissies. I'm afraid Lee lost me there. It's easy to feel people who make moral mistakes: if we have an independent reason to like them or feel like we know them, their moral faults can make us care about them. Not so here. We are not properly presented to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear that it is the hopeless pimple of a man who is not choosing a confederate as much as a habit - a person who speaks and does what everyone says and does, whose psychology is purely imitative. People with whom you associate are either the same or positively angry in some uninteresting way. Each time the northern cavalry appeared on the screen, I saw myself cheering. I thought: well - kill the rebels, end this damn war, let me come home. <br /> <br /> Deepening this problem is a horrible, horrible dialogue. Everyone is saying the same groaning southern accent. I have heard accents from the entire English-speaking world and this is the worst of all. I do not care if the Southerners really said so, it's just not fair to ask the audience to listen to her for two hours. And believe me, we listen to him for a full two hours: the image of Lee is very talkative, mainly because the characters say so long what they mean in their ungrammatic, say, triple, folk pull. It would help if they talked faster but not much. Can these people not find a more efficient language in which they could communicate? <br /> <br /> In short: the film is scarce, but it is a gallery of homogeneously unattractive characters without inner life who speak in an offensive ugly manner of speech that does not bathe often enough, for which nothing happens, despite the participation in war. Right comments? The jewel was pleasing to the eye, as was the scenery. But I have complaints here. The cinematography, nicely framed, looked as if someone mistakenly filmed a color film in black and white; and as for Jewel, we were teased with her body, but we could never look at her, which I think is the smallest.
