** SPOILERS ** It was an ugly movie and I'm sorry that I watched it. Like Dobermann Jan Kounen, he suffers mainly from poor editing - or lack of it. It's as if the director was so in love with his work that instead of limiting the movie to the pace that caught your attention, he added all the footage he made together. There are maybe two cool scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and the camera starts spinning around him. It was fun - but good, we have it! Move please! The camera will not stop spinning around this guy! Maybe there are one or two cool scenes that I forgot in this flood of mediocrity, but the last scene of the duel IS NOT ONE OF THEM! Perhaps because, unlike the earlier scenes of handling the sword, Shanao is not masked - but only because the director could not find a stuntman, who to some extent reminded Asano Tadanobu, does not give him the right to go forward% sword fighting with extreme close ups with sword! Or maybe I can add from the same point. The director should learn from the American bullet-train The Hunted produced in 1995. Personally, I saw the scene of a village raid as a tribute to social activists of the previous generation, who were confronted by the police in brutal demonstrations of student years. The situation in which innocence is persecuted by the authoritative and armed branch of the government, which does not want to understand, seems to be a universal message in the Japanese media, due to the strong influence of socialists and communists who are a political minority. GTO and Salary Man Kintaro movie versions are two other recent examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I just do not understand why people who do not know the language of the film praise worthy material. Perhaps the worst was lost in the translation. <br /> <br /> The end of the film - on which a lot of marketing worked, is a different interpretation of the legendary meeting of Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore and is so detached from modern themes that after 138 minutes of playing visual techniques, who cares how the director wants to reinterpret history! Director Sasaki Hirohisa from Crazy Lips said that among the new Japanese directors there was an unpleasant tendency to ignore the Japanese audience and direct their films to foreign film festivals - to achieve faster international fame. It works, although it makes no sense, because the purpose of the international film festival is to show the world what films are made in other countries - what films people watch in these countries. Certainly not Gojoe and the like.
