Where to start? I think I can start with a general complaint about the way this movie is sold. Call me unconsciously that you do not know Schneebaum's book before you watch a documentary based on it and decide that I live under some type of rock, but do not blame me for choosing this film, because the title and description on the box does not pay attention to the fact that this "document" is actually a companion of this book. Yes, I felt quite stupid after seeing this little flutter, seeing how the reason I sat down to see him was to get a good portion of "Modern Cannibal Story". I mean, am I a fool that I expected that this movie would actually cover most of its history on cannibalism in the jungle tribes? I certainly did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes of one old woman to kiss his ass, groaning every detail of his blunt and exhausted life. I certainly did not expect me to be a director, and I did not predict that I would laugh so much in Tobias Schneebaum and all its hideous glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really unacceptable. The old man just wanders around the whole movie, making the whole picture his personal story, even though he is not even an interesting figure to fill the story. Really? He was a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film focuses on nothing else when it comes to the dirty past of Schneebaum. The only time we really see cannibalism is that Tobias finally breaks his silent silence about what's happened to him in Peru and said he has a "little piece". That's all, people. Ninety minutes later, the bull and Tobias Schneebaum is a three-inch cannibal. It's like calling the movie "Life of the real Don Juan" just to see that the only moment in which the hero of the movie did something sexual during college when he used to play "just a tip". Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The director is really extremely weird, because there is no flow or rhythm in the story. All right, I understand that I have not read the volume of Schneebaum before seeing his celluloid story, but I still can recognize some bad stimulation and even worse editing. In an instant Schneebaum talks about cruise ships and tourism, and the next one about how he can not drive, and then jumps to talk about a dead relative or some unsuccessful and unlucky saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, can you at least slam your story to the first part; to follow some things about his homosexuality and then end his hearty look at his visit to Peru? Besides: I do not care especially about Schneebaum's bland little details about life and life, but at least I am begging the old man not to let his hikes go. If I hear a guy talking about how he prefers to live in the jungle, I do not expect him to suddenly start to whimper and moan that he wants to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note about directing is random clips from history to small, small TV appearances in which our hero appeared. While some may think that the clips are to be somewhat detached from the story, the director has abused the tricks and broke the whole movie to pieces, apparently trying to put most of the effort involved in telling stories on old drums. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that Tobias Schneebaum is a scam. Clean and simple. I know I have not read the book, but I am still sticking to the argument that this movie is completely useless, noting that a good movie has to stand alone. This document is too much based on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work and instead comes from this assumption like an additional disk found on a DVD. Schneebaum is both arrogant and strange, striking a sour combination when he mixes with the fact that his story is incredibly riveting. If you're looking for a solid piece about human nature and cannibalism, turn around because "Keep The River To Your Right" is an embarrassingly comically self-sufficient game about a man who has long been waiting for a simple jacket and gag.
