Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had an extensive (separate) film career before finally joining the band. For many of Pre-Stan's films, Ollie was screened as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe." During a tour of the post-war Great Britain with Laurel in the movie of Bernard Delfont Hardy interviewed journalist John McCabe, in which he explained the origin of this pseudonym: at the beginning of his acting career Hardy got a shave from a gay hairdresser who squeezed Hardy's plump cheeks (those on the face) and he said: "Nice child!" Hardy's co-workers began to cry "Babe" and he got stuck. <br /> <br /> Although most of Hardy's work before Laurel is very interesting - especially his comedy roles supporting Larry Semon and the imitator of Chaplin Billy West - his team work with Billy Ruge (who?) in the low-budget series short films for the Vim Comedy Film Company is really tragic. Hardy and Ruge received the screen names Plump and Runt: names that are unpleasant in themselves, but they get worse because Ruge (though shorter than Hardy) is not particularly a runt. You can see here that Hardy looks just like in his early films Hal Roach with Laurel ... but without curls and picky mustache. <br /> <br /> "One Too Many", an absolutely typical Plunt and Epic Runta is terribly indecent ... and its dreamy character is further emphasized by the fact that this movie has exactly the same assumption as "That's My Wife" one of the funniest films of Laurel and Hardy. Plump (Hardy) is a star in a guest room run by a tall, clumsy housekeeper. Runt (Ruge) is a porter. Plump receives a letter from his rich uncle John, whom he literally expects to inherit. His uncle comes to him and meets Plump's wife and child. There is only one problem: chubby has no wife and child. He lied to his uncle to look like a family man. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find a wife and child in a short time. Of course, the results are catastrophic. It would be nice if these catastrophic results were funny, but it is not. Most of this strange humor is just an empty slapstick, and the characters solve their arguments by pushing into the bathtub. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS ARE RECEIVING. Director Vim Will Louis (who?) Does not show the instinct to frame the camera: the actress playing the housekeeper is much taller than Hardy, and Louis consistently sets his shots so that her head is out of the frame. It can be fun if it is done deliberately, but it is only inept. At some point in this bad comedy, a gag appears on the horizon with an unusually taste when Runt approaches the black laundress. "They will not bend so low to laugh," I thought. But they do. Runt steals a black baby and tries to guess it as the offspring of Plump. <br /> <br /> Somehow Plump buys a baby cot but still does not have a child. With Uncle John coming up the stairs, Plump Conscript Runt for the baby. This gag could simply work with a midget, and even with a real actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just a little below average. It is neither credible nor fun to impersonate a child in a ruge, and Uncle John would have to be a complete moron to get into it. Strangely, he does it! <br /> <br /> The most significant aspect of "One Too Many" is the short look - apparently its only movie look - by Madelyn Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. Marriage was not happy, although Hardy's marriage problems never reached the epic proportions of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie made an impression on me. There is a very short flashback sequence in which Hardy mentions her seaside affair with the bathing beauty. In 1916, there was no standard film grammar to convey retrospection: the one shown here is made gracefully and simply. It is a pity that this film has no other advantages. "One Too Many" is definitely one movie too much in Oliver Hardy's CV, and I will rate this film only for one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely much more funny than any of them separately.
