96 minutes of this is cruel .. and I love old Munster. Yes, the plot is the thing; Yes, lines are trivial; but whoever was at the controls of this was not a fan. There are so many "intrigues" (and I use this word with a great pause) that I wonder if this is an old episode of Starsky & Hutch. I lost count of how many times I noticed that makeup lost a place near the collar. Refusing to recognize that every time has elapsed since the mid-1960s (ridiculous), the producers simply replace Marilyn and Eddie with younger actors. Why not let them grow and age? Adding a family connection in the Addam style does not increase the Halloween Party taste. <br /> <br /> Grandpa and Herman fly to Transylvania and back in a few hours (ridiculous.) Sid Ceaser is the most, the most incredible character (including evil robots), because he mumbled the wrong combination of gibberish and Yiddish, but he claims that he is an ancient Arab ruler. And yes, it looks like there is no laughter. There are actually several places where dead air is found, as if the path of laughter was to be inserted later. The actors seem to wait for the artificial audience. This is not funny; it is sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that simply shows how soulless writers and producers were. Marilyn says something like: "Where could uncle Herman and grandfather be? They could have been in an accident. They could have been hit by a car ... or a train! "Lily says she answers:" You're Uncle Herman, if he has to get away from the railroad track. " It is amazing that the husband of Yvonne DeCarlo was a stuntman in the early 60's and lost his leg and was nearly killed during the train's feat. He never recovered, and it ruined her family financially. (check out the fantastic Biography review on her life and career) This line could easily be changed to be more sensitive to her. <br /> <br /> If you're a real Munster fan, you have to RENT this mess. It shows how some things are better left alone. Even with (almost) the original cast, it's almost as bad as trying to remake a series from a few years ago.
