To make it clear, "The Bagman" is very, very, very bad. He suffers in almost every aspect, with the exception of one: a finished product is such a horrible movie that watching it is hysterically funny. This is a very low quality movie. The budget constraints for the movie should be obvious to anyone who even watches the opening sequence. I'm not sure if most of the humor in the movie was intentional or not. For example, the movie takes place in "Doomsville". Note to all potential home buyers: if the city you are visiting is called "Doomsville", keep going. Stephanie Beaton quickly pulls the top because of a very enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I could not resist laughing because she has intentional humor (turns on the gas stove ... do you understand? Sex is so hot? Get it?) And unintentional humor. Unintentional in this case is music. This is how the guiding music for "Chariots of Fire" Electronica goes. Break the computer and synthesizers! I realize that inventing music for such a small production is expensive. I really feel for them because the work here is so good. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I did not laugh so much with the sex on the screen from "Alone in the Dark" with the song "Seven Seconds" (I think they suggested that the poor old Mr. Slater was a bit ... quick on the draw?). Even the end credits are fun. Intentional or not? You will be the judge: the dog and the cat are part of the manned cast - and for them was an animal wrangler! - Boom is attributed to "Mr. B. Stick", and the wardrobe of the third unit (yes, they had a third unit) is credited to K-Mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think it's more fun than saving a movie. The movie is very, very bad, but Stephanie Beaton's goals, her friends and family are so good at "The Bagman" that you can not help but like the movie they've produced. "Bagman" is bad, but not terrible. In his own sweet way, he even manages to be a little charming. He bears his faults so honestly that you can not help them, but forgive them. "Better" films that try to hide defects are in some sense worse. I think it's just a movie that knew who his audience was and was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of movies, and most of them probably will be much better. Some of them may seem cheaper or have a lower value or lower production value. They may not suffer terribly, like "The Bagman" with horrible editing, sound and foley effects. Mr. B. Stick did not do a good job. Special effects look like most money. They tend to be more amusing than gruesome ones, although when the Bagman is finally exposed at the end, the make-up task is surprisingly well done. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a bit high but humor helped a lot. This is the perfect movie to track down a night with a few friends and a few beers in hand. Everyone who is seriously considered to be B movie or low-budget lovers has great entertainment. Everyone else should probably avoid it with great anticipation.
