"Bubble" is an attempt to create a gay story of the type Romeo and Juliet with an Israeli and a Palestinian, although it seems that it comes with "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are shallow and banal, just like the line of dialogue and story. The film seems to be torn between the down and the depth. On the one hand, there is a lot of effort to be shallow because (in one example many) some smaller characters even ask questions that encourage you to develop insight into conflicts at hand, and get answers like, "Hey, we're here to make a poster for rave against the occupation. Apart from the obvious absurdity of such a line, this is just one of many inhibitory signals that the film is just as empty and unimportant as its title suggests. On the other hand, the main pretenses of the film follow the lovers of the presentation of the play "Bent" about gays in the Nazi labor camp. The scene on the stage is clumsily thrown, undermining its erotic power (understandable given the limitations of film time, but it could still be improved with better effect.) And it comes out as gently as the rest of the movie. Detriment. This game deserves a lot better. <br /> <br /> Characters are so unipolar that some even have names that telegraphe whole (although the word seems inappropriate here). The aggressive soldier of the Golani brigade is called "Golan". A militant Palestinian is called "Jihad." The faghag who is looking for a stylish roommate is "Lulu". Anyone who knows control points and lives in Palestine, whether from real life or from documentaries, will find the scenes from the control point absurdly unreal? Well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman takes the fastest job, Israeli soldiers are caring and helpful, an ambulance appears in a few minutes. (The result of the birth is to show the Palestinians that they do not appreciate Israeli charity, or even paranoia.) In total, the checkpoint is shown as an ordinary nuisance, not a series of numb, crushing souls, humiliating obstacles regardless of medical care or necessity in the event of birth, death or severe illness. Ashraf, a Palestinian lover, seems to be moving from Nablus to Tel Aviv without any problems, without any documents, no hassles. It just appears when he likes it. When the Israelis want to go through this, it is more of a challenge related to the plan worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> Against the background of nice, supportive Israelis and surly homophobic Palestinians, are we moving to a resolution that is completely lacking in motivation or purpose? except that it is a painfully obvious, dramatic tool for sympathy for forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> The gay Israeli-Palestinian romance was treated on the stage with much more skill and depth, as in Saleam's Salaam / Shalom, so this movie is not even as breakthrough as some people would like to think. <br /> <br /> Great bad movies? similar to Ed Wood's works - at least they are distinguished by striking features. This one does not even affect it. Most soundtracks sound similar to Simon and Garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with bizarre edgy touches to gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that permeates this movie is played out like an average TV movie of the week.
