in Valentine, no effort was made to prevent him becoming another teenage slasher movie, a subgenre of horror movies that we see too much over the last decade. I've heard that many people complain that the movie breaks up a few previous horror movies, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and though I hate being redundant, the scuffing is so blatant that it is impossible to say anything. The bowl of punch above poor Jeremy's head at the beginning of the movie is so clearly taken from Carrie that they could as well say in the film ("Hey everyone, this is the director, and the next is my rip off Carrie scene. Enjoy!"). But that's just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The film is structured piece by piece in exactly the same way that any other stupid teen thriller is constructed. At the beginning, we meet a girl, she is killed, people wonder in the old tone oh-but-it-only-happens-other-people, and then they start to die. The problem is that the director and writers clearly and honestly want to preserve the mystery and tension of the film, but have no idea how to do it. Take, for example, Jason. Here is the hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of himself and angry with women that he divides a check for a date according to what everyone had, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after a short history lesson about how badly poor Jeremy was treated, assumed to have some meaning. Besides, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy, whom all girls terrorized in the sixth grade, and the same initials, which are signed at the bottom of all these cruel valentine cards. <br /> <br /> It is not unusual that the audience is deliberately and sometimes misleadly misled by the behavior of one or more characters who seem to be suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of effort, but not a good example of a successful effort . Sure, I thought for a moment that he might as well be a killer, but that's not the point. From the very beginning we know that he is terrible towards women, which connects him with a little boy at the beginning of the film, but in the middle of the movie he appears at the party, smiling flirtatiously to the two main girls, then gives them a hateful look and walks away, disappearing from the party and from the film without any explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly thought-out that they just took him when they finished with him. <br /> <br /> The positive side is the fact that the identity killer was in fact hard to predict in at least one subtle way, which was unfortunately another rip off. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, he does not make a sound, suggesting that the killer can be a silent woman to prevent herself from appearing as a woman rather than a man suspecting. But by the end of the movie, we only have this tireless, relentless, unstoppable killer with an emotionless mask and this gigantic butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who looks respectful at the fact that he has had problems with sixth-grade girls alone) recalls that he was under the influence of Halloween. This is of course totally unnecessary because it is so obvious as to plagiarize the movie. The only difference between the Valentine killer and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was much more effective and had no problem with nosebleeds. These things are shameless. <br /> <br /> At the end there is a short attempt to mislead us once again as to who the killer is (along with the slow and drawn out `and-the-killer 'is' mask removal'), but then we see that Adam's nose begins to bleed as he holds Kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know he was a killer all the time. Nothing in the film indicated that he could be a killer until the last act, and these unexplained nosebleeds were not the best way to identify the real killer at the end of the movie. Valentine is not terrifying (I watched him in the empty house alone after midnight and I'm afraid of the dark as long as I can remember, and even I was not afraid), and the characters can care if it was not so obvious that they would just die. I remember that I was impressed by theatrical announcements (although the movie was and is beyond the cinema faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
