What a painful BORING Sci-Fi movie! This is especially sad because the first 15 minutes were so full of action and potential! During the introduction, we follow a group of nervous security officers and hired people who are pursuing a doctor who escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a briefcase full of secret files. When he is to reveal the terrible and inhuman events that take place in the laboratory, he is executed. Figures ?? From now on, the "action" moves back and forth between the two locations, the lab and the rural residence of the corrupt senator (or something), and it quickly becomes clear that the experiments are in fact the complete opposite of the disturbance. More boring, aimless and unclear. The researchers chose four random people without living relatives and it is really important that they tell the truth, even though the giant machine reads the content of their minds. They all hide dark secrets from their past, and people suffer when they are revealed; I do not see, however, how these tests could lead to the creation of a device threatening humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. The interactions between patients and physicians are even less interesting, because none of them actually has any personality. Basically, "The Brain Machine" deals only with a group of lame people living in a terribly decorated room. The film could also be half an hour shorter if it were not for a thousand buildings! Transfers from the laboratory to the villa and vice versa are marked EVERY SINGLE TIMES for a five-second shot of places. Either the producers really needed the padding, or they just assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers are morons who are unable to see the change of location themselves. I assure you that staring into the abandoned pool with the residence in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite annoying. The performance of James Best as a venerable person with mental problems is quite decent, but one man definitely can not save it from a total waste of time. Avoid!
