Wow. Watching this movie today, you can not help but you are terrified of writing this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young are playing a couple who nowadays may be in "The Jerry Springer Show" - because they have a sick and offensive relationship ... and inexplicably, screenwriters seem to support! <br /> <br /> The film begins with the hungry and homeless Loretta being shown to the ropes by the poor but very ingenious Spencer Tracy. It shows her how you can do very well with small money by conniving and take her home to her hut to stay. It is never clear whether they will get married - and given that it is a movie before the code, you can assume they are not, even if they live together. Their relationship is very strange ... and rather sick. While you see that Tracy cares about her with her actions, he is verbally offensive and a total moron - and Young runs back like a dog. He calls her "thin" or "ugly", and this is, in a sick way, his way of using love words! Later, when she starts fooling around with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if she wants it, she's okay with her !!! It certainly smacks of a sado-masochistic relationship and you can not help but feel a bit scared. Sure, it does not hit her, but the relationship is very offensive. To show how sick she is when Young gets pregnant, she tells him: "... it's your child and this is mine, but you do not have to worry, I will take all the blame for it" !! Yikes! Does not everything look a bit like looking through a viewfinder for a sick and dysfunctional home ?! Later, in the case of art imitating life, Tracy proves what kind of man he is and disappears. In the end, he can not be charged with a child - even if it is his. But he changes his mind and decides to go home. Wow ... it's a bit of it! And when he comes back, he's nasty and behaves as if he's left, he's under no obligation to look after the baby !! And she tells him that he is a "free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears in that tender moment ... NO! Soon this crazy couple got married ... and, of course, Young is depressed because he seems to be staying as long as he fits - not because of any love or sense of responsibility. So how can you save anything with sick people? What would you do? When it comes to writers, Tracy will soon commit the theft to help pay for the brat! The romantic aspects of the film are at least disappointing! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a chump - he does almost nothing to take precautions not to be caught - as if he secretly hoped he would be sent to prison. And to show how nice he is, the guy he tries to steal is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there is more to the film, the most important is that Tracy is a jerk and Young is an idiot in the movie. Despite the fact that they are both very good actors, there is absolutely no way they can do something about this shit created by the writers. Nice music, nice sets, good game ... and 100% poo script. As the film is currently rated at 7.4, it is beyond me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the pure horror of the character. A terrible misfortune that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you wonder if Loretta EVER will get the spine in this movie or play the person who is the least strong, the answer is NO! At the end, she did not learn anything and did not change a bit for the better. <br /> <br /> They certainly do not make movies like they used to ... and in this case ... thank God!
