may contain spoilers !!!! I watched this movie yesterday in the LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is NOT known for showing high-quality movies. This movie is horrible! I'm still amazed that I looked at the whole thing because it was awful. can this movie contain more stereotypes? (holding a Jewish mother who wants her son to be a doctor, a Catholic family with sons of priests, big large crucifixes in every room shown in a Catholic family home, Mexican whores, a "bad" guy who is really a gentle heart, incredibly bad accents of the country) GAG !!!! At first I was intrigued by the fact that I had never heard about this film and after watching this cheryl-survey and corin nemec in it, I decided not to fall asleep until 4 am to watch it. Anyway, the only advantage of this movie is the beauty of madchen amick. I suppose the interviewer and the nemeca are okay, but they have a frightening script to work with. unlike another reviewer who commented on the lack of texan accents (the film is to be held in austin, and few people have twang) I think the accents were there (in supporting characters such as the date Mary and John) and were unnecessary. they were also very bad. I am very tired of the Hollywood "southern" accents that do not sound like the area from which the accent is supposed to come from. and because it was going to take place in austin, and filming there in 1991 would not be expensive, I expected that there will be known pictures of the city: a beautiful capitol building, UT tower lit a winning football match, etc. none of these things existed. In addition, the journey from Austin to Mexico takes about 5-6 hours. at some point in the movie, Michael and his group set out for Mexico to lose their virginity and are able to leave when it's dark (in summer and early autumn it's not dark in Austin until 9pm) to spend time in Mexico getting drunk and having sex with the Mexicans (is there any other kind?) sluts, then go back to austin at dawn. although it is theoretically possible, it is NOT very likely. and if someone started school in a mountain country (usually in the third week of August, but could be in September 1960), they know that if they do not want to pass out of heat stroke, they do NOT wear jackets with letters !!!! ! in August and September in austin and the surrounding area is over 90 degrees. only people without body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or jackets with letters on the first day of school. all in all, very badly made for a television movie.
