There are so many puns to play for the title of spectacularly bad Valentine, that I do not know where to start. However, let me say it; this is a movie that makes me miss the complexity of the Valentine's cards we gave away at primary school. You know, you and Batman cry out: "You are a fighting Valentine in the fight against crime!" <br /> <br /> Valentine is a film without a trace of irony, one of the few horrors of recent years ignores the impact of Shout. The villain is omniscient and almost indestructible. The characters are easily scared when people run around the corners and catch them by the arms shouting "Hey, Justuj soon!". The result is more overbearing than Norman Bates' mothers. <br /> <br /> Weak thread follows a few friends from childhood, now adults and extremely rounded. Because the film does not give them anything else to do, they stand and wait for the masked persecutor to kill them one by one. This persecutor seems to be the former sucker Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. Valentine's Day is approaching and women are beginning to receive terrible cards that predict their fate. Melton seems obvious to the suspect. The only problem is that, as many people warn, in thirteen years Melton could change his appearance to look handsome and handsome. So (put in a terrified breath) everyone is suspicious! <br /> <br /> Here is the problem one. To have a sense of uncertainty while watching Valentine, you have to accept the reality in which a nerd from high school is able to become David Boreanaz. When they grow up, suckers do not turn into an Angel, they change into older, balding suckers. He is not a terrible actor, but the script, written by no fewer than four writers, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do, but to shout and look around. Denise Richards (the hottest Hollywood actress who never played Baywatch) is especially used; the most shamefully in the blatant excuse to take her in a bathing suit just before the decisive scene of tension. Note for yourself: always bring a bathing suit for a Valentine's party. Just because it is February does not mean that you do not feel like taking a small bath. <br /> <br /> Slasher in Valentine dresses from head to toe with a black Cherub mask. Here's the problem number two. The creators of the film clearly thought that it would be a disturbing picture on the head of someone who hits people in the face with hot irons. Simple and simple, it is not. Instead, I was wondering how a guy with a mask that covered his entire face, including his eyes and ears, could move so stealthily without hitting his legs with chairs or tables. On the other hand, considering what Cupid is doing, maybe he can teleport out and his eyes rest on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the film bad, he is not even sure who the killer is; the last "turn" is more "Huh?" than "Hah!" When you do not scratch your head, yawn, then moan, and then look for the closest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, find something, EVERYTHING, anything else to do. You'll be glad you did it.
