I am now in Iraq doing a job that gives me plenty of time to watch movies. We also have access to many pirated films, this gem has appeared along with 11 other films and this is the worst I have seen in a long time. I've seen a few other reviews that claim this movie does not take too seriously, but I really think it's a cover for the fact that it's terrible. This is not vulgar, the writers really thought they were improving Blade. This movie is just one step above Vampire Assassin, which, if you have not seen it, I recommend it. At least this movie is so unbelievably bad that you'll laugh more than you thought. It is at this point without the redemptive qualities of what ever. from bad acting, to stereotypical visual (ie opening credits), to the adobe premier special effects. they could not even get empty weapon spaces, which may be related to where the movie was filmed, but if you intend to use effects, make them accurate. As for the cast, it looks like they just went to class tae because they chose the first and not the ugly cane that came out. Once again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, do not let the stunts act, they can not. Also, a comment about the "return of old vampire movies" ... no, it is not. That's exactly what all new vampire movies tell you about. Buffy, Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, everyone talks about superstars fighting vampires. This is the latest genre of vampires, with bad blood, false screams and shoddy acting. of course, anyone who has written a good review on this topic is somehow connected to a movie or cast friends. But what I care about, I paid 33 cents for it. In any case, to end this, someone in the first semester of film school decided to make a film, I grant them a loan because it is better than me. Of course, I also know that I can not make movies, so I do not try. However, I know how to watch movies. I work 12 hours a night, 6 days a week, I saw several thousand a year in which I was here and it was so bad that halfway I was hoping for a mortar attack.
