Karen (Bobbie Phillips) remembers that after one of her children gets out of control his bad annoying jokes that he will never survive this trip ... boy, is she at the box office? Karen is a teacher who takes her group of children from the Shepley College of Historical Studies to the ugly location of a dilapidated mansion in a large pile of dung in Ireland ... are there any more places in this country that reassure the senses from this ?! Guardian of the court, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students that they will stay on the path and not fall into the forest. There is a myth about the Sawney Bean clan, a Druidic, cannibalistic, cannibalistic, inbred family that celebrates Samhain (late summer, October 31) "The Feast of the Dead," where sacrifices are needed to calm the spirits. Gary is supposedly a clairvoyant, says his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen), because he was born in Samhain. Funny, because it certainly does not see the results well, and even can not do it. Almost everyone dies (... even those who never deviate from the path) and does not even see their own macabre fate. What this monster we hear breathes is the victim of too much inbreeding ... the face resembles the shape of a distorted mushroom and looks like a hideous refusal from the photo of Mad Max. It does not take long before the "bad breeder" kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is the love interest of Karen, who made the wrong decision coming to Ireland without her girl's prior knowledge. <br /> <br /> A terrible scrupulous formula does not deviate from the norm. This tiny budget shows loud, and the heroes are stereotypes on the assembly line, which once again have been torn out to be killed in the usual bloody ways. Most violence quickly flashes on the screen, let alone the death of the breeder towards his victims. Many cuts are removed during quick editing cuts when one scene moves to another. Watching Gillian Leigh's wonderful naked body for a moment is not motivating enough to recommend it. Phil Price has a really annoying trickster character, Steve, often dropping bad jokes .. as he is able to get Leigh Barbara naked in the shower for some action, probably no one knows, because I have no reason to have a chance with such a hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the happy role of Shae, a quiet, virgin, intelligent girl (who is also very hot), which we know will be chosen by the scenario for survival. Jenna Jameson gets long enough to cut her heart out of her chest (at least we see her breasts just before the chest opens) with a few small lines about the two lost friends she's looking for. The main problem in the film is that story and character development are interrupted because they realize that none of them is interesting at all, so director Christian Viel simply releases the monster to start running, causing a massacre, destroying the entire cast almost in one failure within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a small episode of opening as a victim who strayed from his staff to a tent camp.
