In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began taking pictures. They were created for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally thrown away at a very fast pace. The short comedies had a very small structure and were completely admired. As a result, movies, although popular in their time, were simply awful by today's standards. Many of them have a strong resemblance to home movies with disgusting relatives attacking the camera. Many others show that the characters wander in front of the camera and do nothing. And regardless of the result, Keystone sent them directly to the cinemas. I suppose all the movies at the time had to be pretty bad, because Keystone and Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and love, began to develop later in the career of Chaplin Zwornik. By 1915, he had signed a new lucrative deal with Essenay Studios, and the films had dramatically improved, and Chaplin became director. Sometimes, however, these films were still very rough and not very unforgettable. No, Chaplin as the charming Little Tramp still evolved. In 1916, when he moved to Mutual Studios, his films once again improved and became a more recognizable nice guy - in many previous films he was just a jerk (or getting drunk, beating women, provoking fights with innocent people, etc.) . The final evolution of his Little Tramp to classical status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films. <br /> <br /> It is interesting that this movie is entitled TWENTY-MINUTES OF LOVE, because the film lasts only about 10 minutes! Well. The story, which is small, concerns the Small Tramp in the park. The couple want to spin, but inexplicably Charlie insists on practically sitting on the lap of a couple and really upset them. I do not understand why, and the short part consists of Charlie's wandering through the park, annoying these people and some other people later in the movie. Maybe he was looking for a triple, I do not know. But the film is not consistent and it is simply not fun - even when people start to pat each other and push themselves in the lake. A typical weak effort before Chaplin began to give his character a storyline and personality.
