first it deserves about 5 stars due to the action (some that would give me a better subjective opinion, NOT objective, as it should, giving it, WELL BEHAVIOR, star), but then I know that these facts are used by the actor (S ) NAMES to increase the rating of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; another attempt (like "undetectable") of a systematic propaganda function that promotes the government's intrusion into your rights (as is interesting at the time IPS providers try to "favor" = CENSOR's information, and Americans and Canadians are fighting AGAIN now). this time it does not mean labeling file transfers with a torrent as bad (which was supposed to remind about such feelings when transferring data in the network), but literally trying to create a frustrated population as a whole. BECAUSE THE FEAR PROMOTION IS A HOLLYWOOD NAME AT THIS DAYS, especially when it comes to thrillers, which are the most "on demand" film genre over the last 2 decades, or the most watched, best way to influence society as a whole. such levels of violence are depicted in these two features of moral and "ethical" people that give new, much-needed meanings to the characters of "anti-heroes". do not make a mistake, it's NOT a "DEXTER" that was supposed to be a high quality entertainment. PLEASE SELL "FEAR" please, the world would be a better place without it and dollars made of it. <br /> <br /> the opening scene and the first 10 minutes in general really give a frightening picture of Erroll Babbage who IS YOU suffering from sexual frustration. the way he deals with a black man is very disturbing, if not downright racist (certainly at least a "cliché") (in real life someone will probably beat him, you will see what I mean). the second scene (with the presence of Claire Danes) is even more extreme. at the moment I understood, in my opinion, that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous person for people around him. Like many people who have seen or seen this movie, they have never been "held back" (in relation to both sexes) from each other, JOINT gratification !. Usually, the movie gives an extreme CRIMINAL case (which unfortunately happened, and probably sometime will happen somewhere) BUT affects all others indirectly, as well as "you can become it" etc., Anyone who is familiar With Sigmund Freud and Jung will be very good to know that sexuality is not something to be judged, let alone 'donkeys', by such a fanatical 'hero' here. SAFE sex in its many forms is healthy, and not some evil that Richard Gere is obsessed with on his way to some sexual "crusade". have we learned anything from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young boys !? or how long an American teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13", but can not even see a woman's breasts until "R-18"!?!? the "American Pie" series, for example). Make a tester for kids - one level, but frustrate them and lead them underground, developing fetish to UNHalthy EXTREMES !? all sexual activities (after accepting the MUTUAL) better integrate individuals than any "right" cases, which blame his misfortunes and shortcomings of "other lives" (a new German film that would be great in comparison to this 2 separate world) functions on the same topic ). where, like in this movie, you'll probably appreciate the actors for showing the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the last "hunting party", a function in which he really shines and a more realistic "hero" (also after real facts). But it only reminds me that all these people are just actors who earn money to play somebody's political and social agenda. "Herd" and "undetectable" 2 heads of the same hidden animal))) reminds you if you know someone with similar views on this subject as a WHOLE, as Erroll Babbage has those here to stay away from them THEM they would kill my family faster than any 0.00001 chances for Paul Jerroda in someone's life ... <br /> <br /> I finally recommend it to anyone who thinks negatively about MY evaluation here. a movie (or rather "unrecognizable"), so you'll probably have similar thoughts like me. nothing sweeter than a propaganda film shooting at "foot".)))), once I agree with the assessment, this is not a function for teenagers or children; simply because, at best, they would make a mistake more than the "common" belief of "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. The series "scream" and films as LEAST have a defined entertainment value (even if in my opinion they are stupid). but this one is just another "trust me, I know what's good for you" deeply (not as good as I could add) subliminal messages.
