It's just ... you put the DVD and the most professional-looking thing you see for the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distribution company. At this point, you know that you have just been kidnapped. <br /> <br /> People generally trust enough to assume that if something has been put on a DVD, it will be at a certain level - at least financially, if not creatively. But unfortunately it is not. Distribution companies are happy to throw DVDs with amateur movies and send them to stores to wait for unsuspecting buyers who are attracted by a well-designed DVD cover. The basis of this particular project is probably the independent pioneer of horror Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name can be known among fans of the genre, because he is responsible for various other low-budget werewolf movies - "Rage of the Werewolf", "Werewolf Tales" and so on. <br /> <br /> "Blood of the Werewolf" consists of three short, independent stories about werewolves, with no real relationship except for the fact that they are dealing with hereditary shapeshifters. The first segment, "Blood Reunion", sets the tone of the whole ... a man returns to his hometown to find a girl in which he has crush, but it turned out that her dominant grandmother does not let her have relationships with men and for reasons that are in some way a way related to the mystery of the dark family. This part is poorly directed, poorly directed, and is basically no better than what could be dumped with some friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and directed by Lindenmuth himself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a shapeshifter and the other wants to receive this power. Her wish is fulfilled, but she does not become a creature she imagined. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers who have worked on this project, but still not enough to raise it above the level of amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally we have a "Manbeast" in which a soldier runs through the forest, hunted by two other peasants. They want to kill him because he has been bitten by a beast and is believed to be dangerous, but everything may not be as it seems. This one has an interesting concept, but it is too long, and if you do not guess what "turn" in the first ten minutes, you probably are not very bright. This largely sums up the problem with the entire DVD ... some good ideas are not enough to justify spending money on something like that. In the end, you would pay for a picture that you could paint yourself?
