First of all, I would like to say that I love the "Ladies" sketch of the SNL. I always laugh loudly at the portrait of Tim Meadows Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a full-length movie. Watching Leon during his performance and making obscene comments to his listeners and coming up with various segments for his series, such as "The Ladies Man Presents ..." reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ...", is absolutely fun. There is a great episode in which Cameron Diaz plays the role of Monika Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and they call him "The Oral Office". It's funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the film, we do not see Leon in the show too often. In fact, he is thrown out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his search for true love, including a mysterious letter that was sent to his home boat, signed by "Sweet Thing". Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary in "Fresh Prince of Bel Air", works with him on the show and has a secret love with Leon. The film overlaps one boring thread after another. And the gags are boring too. For the first time, we see that Leon mentions the word "wang", it is quite fun. When he uses it over and over, allegedly trying to laugh, the joke has dried up. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are the jokes we've heard before and which were made better on the SNL sketch and were tedious for an hour and twenty five minutes. They even try to put in a musical number by Will Ferrell and his gang of women's hatred, who all want to destroy him, because their wives have had an affair with him to bring some life to this senseless comedy. Ferrell has some fun moments and tries to get the most out of the obscene role. Ferrell simply has this unique comic talent and is funny with almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets an episodic scene. Looking at her, you can not help but wonder, "What the hell is the Oscar winner in this film? !!!! "Her name was not mentioned in the opening credits - probably with her consent. Of course, the subject of this theme must be the Master of Love, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as usual, but even he can not breathe enough life into it. I must also add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B hits, which further impairs the film, giving it a terribly poor tone - as if the script was not boring enough. I mean, it's supposed to be a comedy. The soundtrack would be suitable for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" has only sporadic laughter. There are exceptions in which SNL can create a great movie from a short sketch. Watch both Wayne's World videos and you'll see how it's done. But this movie, as well as bringing the character of Mary Catherine Gallagher to the screen in "Superstar", shows the other side. Some sketches are to be remembered on SNL, not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My result: 3 (out of 10)
