I was watching movies from the legendary We Are The Weird newsletter by Joe Bob Briggs. I've seen a lot of stinks, but it was definitely the worst, and the years were not nice - it remains the most obscene crime against cinema I've ever witnessed. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than let's say MONSTER-A-GO-GO or GUY FROM HARL or something like that. What confirms that it is the worst film of all time for me is a unique combination of naked proficiency with a paralyzing pretext. Is this a comment in Vietnam? Ecological protest? Incitement in racial riots? A study of human inhumanity for man? A new exercise consisting of filling the footage to the length of the (almost) function? In short: a young professional from a city stud (probably the most repulsive character on the screen) somehow seduces a young Asian-American colleague to camp with him in the woods. After defeating her by the quasi-philosophical class for most of the hour, they will come across two traveling veterans, unforgettable Jarvis (right brother) and Troubadour (who rejects the Family Mans guitar). Hey, the turn of the action! Tension! Share! Uncertainty! Well, no, it's just a climactic scene with a closure on wire and chicken. The victim in question looks thoughtlessly at the kidnappers and murmurs: "No ... no ... please ... no ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis turns to the troubadour "Trouby" once every two minutes, bringing to mind nothing more than the strange star UNDER THE PEOPLE of Juan Picquera . It is all about what is happening at CAGED TERROR, and such a summary can make it seem almost tolerated. But trust me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has been the worst thing I've seen in the last eight years since I saw her. (I put it on an old VCR pretty much once every two years to calm down and calm down, that's for sure.) I think the element that makes TERROR CAGED so hateful is that very little is happening, and though not much happens quite weakly and quite slowly, which really makes it compulsively unseen to watch the suffocating sense that filmmakers REALLY want to throw a message into the throat. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was intended as a citizen lesson becomes a disastrous course of intense discomfort while watching. This film lasts 75 minutes and looks like three and a half hours. It's horrible, really terrible. People, believe me, I've seen GHOSTS WHO STILL walks, and this one is worse. Go see him! You thank me and curse me. Okay, my favorite line: (At CAGED TERROR, but maybe EVER) "Yes, you probably think that Solomon's Song was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ...!" (ATTENTION: it must be delivered in a tone of consistent interdependence.)
