I see a lot of positive reviews in this forum, trying to revive this movie from its poor status and start worship after. I see the usual ranting - "I think this movie is not simply offensive," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? Or "Road Trip"! And I laughed during this movie! There is a way to make a raw, tasteless comedy and laughter; and there is a way ... just to make it raw and tasteless. "Bita" tries to be "Swingers" without wit and intelligence. It seems that it was written by the child's eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this movie are supposed to be white-collar, righteous citizens - and they say like some idiots I knew in the first year of high school! The dialogue is intertwined - more like a drowned one - with four-letter words. One would think that people with their status will have a SELECTED degree of intelligence - and a more extensive vocabulary. Just watch Whit Stillman's movie and you'll see the difference. Not to mention that the dialogue sounds completely unrealistic and even cartoon. If you know of some successful businessmen who talk like heroes in this movie - let me know and introduce me. Their annoying sexual harp is equivalent to a standard chat room for teenagers who are just arriving to adolescence. There is absolutely no insight into relationships, sex or ... whatever !!! It's just a bad excuse to present the whole range extremely - and do not take the word "extremely" for granted, because I mean it with all my heart - raw gags. They are a gag without substance. Gags that mean more for groans than laughter. The stage at the end between Amanda Peet and her friends was totally unnecessary and totally unconvincing. There are several videos that concern the interaction between women who were written by (simple) men and have a great time. This scene includes a barrage of sexual metaphors and gestures. This requires a dialogue that you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those scenes in which the guy could clearly be seen writing. I did not believe it for a moment. <br /> <br /> "Bita" is a pure male fantasy that is as flat as it is annoying. I got (very) very few laughs from this completely forgotten comedy, and these were probably the result of desperation. When you do not laugh for a long time, you desperately look for humor in the most trivial matters. So I would not mark it as positive.
