Being a music student myself, I thought that watching a movie in the orangery can be fun. I did not know ... (I had no idea that this movie was based on the book Britney Spears). This movie was unbelievable. It is obvious that whoever wrote the script never set foot in the orangery and knows nothing about classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) THERE IS NO NEXT to let no one be admitted to the classical orangery without any classical training! Having a nice pop voice is not enough, besides it's a completely different matter - different genre, different technique. It's like playing the violin while applying for the viola class. 2) How was your music theory teacher in the singing jury? If she had not been a professor of singing herself, she would have nothing to say in such a situation, and if she were a professor of singing, why were not we told this? 3) The ability to read music is a must when it comes to music studies. 4) How did Angela master this video tape? It would be confidential only for the eyes of the jury. Now she either got a tape from one of the professors or the screenwriters simply had no idea. I wonder what ... 5) The singing teacher gave Holly the song Carmen, saying that she "has a range", which apparently is NOT. Yes, she could sing the notes, but Carmen is mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed much lighter in color, not at all consistent with this song. 6) The worst of all: the film not only shows shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but does not even try to hide it. Aria, whom Angela sings, is mutilated unrecognizable, which is painfully glaring in the recital, in which he is shortened in a shameful way - Mozart will fall over in the grave. Habanera from Carmen sometimes sounded a little strange, and the way it was arranged at the end shows how few producers really think about classical music - it's stiff and boring, but hey, add some drums and electric guitars and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know that these are all minor details, but it would be easy to avoid them with little research. In any case, I could decide to suspend my disbelief if the characters and story were well-developed. But without it, I really can not find any advantages in this movie except one: it's good for laughter.
