I was excited when I heard that they are finally making this horrifying event in the movie. The whole era (Southern California in the 1980s) and the subject (drug and pornographic industry) are intriguing to me. I thought it would be a sure blow of fire. I was not impressed with Kilmer's choice as Holmes, they do not look like physical or manners. I think it sells tickets? I was, however, inclined to overlook it and give him a fair shot. I was a bit shocked that on the first day of the show there were only four other people in the whole theater with me. Now the whole crime and history in the film is difficult to do, I will admit. There were no witnesses to this very brutal and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he talked to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never really testified what happened and the crime was not resolved. So it was still one big secret, the secret that this movie does nothing to shed light. The person writing the script had a lot of discretion, and most of the main characters are dead. However, there is no real story, there is a fragmented smack. The scenario is light, and the actors try to harden thin lines of paper, interrupting. The film does not give an insight into Holmes or other people involved. Kilmer's figure disappears for long episodes, his girlfriend is boring, the police are jokes. Even Kudrow tries hard to make the thin role significant. It's a very shallow piece and I dare say it's boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. Which is nice, unless you know anything about what John Holmes really was. Perhaps a few reviews of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" helped here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in every respect. This film was flat and devoid of real charm and style. Even the music is out of place, and Duran Duran is played in a scene that was to take place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? Based on this macabre event, it could have been a great movie, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen a decent one yet (unless you are considering the Rahad Jackson scene with Boogie Nights).
