Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity to remake his original Ju-On The Grudge movie. Although I did not see this movie, I would have to assume that there is more imagination and originality (or some sort of originality, in other words, skills with the well-known clues of the Japanese ghost movie) than in his own remake. Perhaps the script was written to somehow have a distorted appeal, or I would guess the accessibility of the American audience. What begins with some potential - a hint of something very sudden with Bill Pullman's sudden move - just goes into total chaos. And as a horror movie? Give me a break. <br /> <br /> Tension could have been built on this situation - a nurse will look after an anxious woman in a home who is haunted - but undercuts everything she wants to make her audience feel. Older? What do you say for a bit of music so that you know when exactly to expect something. Black cat? Yeah, why not just make the ghost boy sound like a cat for creep, which is really scary if you want cats. Thread? Why not just shuffle between the past and the present without appearances of the actual flow of the story (which means that while flashbacks are inserted and are to be ecological with the whole story, they are not), whether for this matter matter cares about EVERYONE in the cast. <br /> <br /> Until the characters or the ones that are there to exhibit, they can cope with telling us what's going on, or whatever, there's no point in worrying about it. Filming is tacky (ie, the 180 degree rule is broken many times and not forgiving or intriguing), and the performances are wooden, even when they look frightened or shocked (especially Gellar is disappointed, but Pullman, who appears later after his first the scene is very badly advertised, even when Shimizu tries the average old fears of "Boo" like when a woman is in an office building and chased by the spirit of Grudge, she's still stupid, just watch when she goes to this elevator and the spirit is on I'll go with it, and if you have more power for you, or you'll laugh hysterically at the results, count me in the other one. <br /> <br /> I'm not entirely sure where this project went wrong - or Shimizu had to convert him to college or did not give him enough freedom in his vision? Or maybe Raimi had something to say and made things become more confusing and / or boring than someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that does not make sense, or at least give us a bit of a chewing horror. This is cinnabar rubbish of sad order.
