What are the chances! Right at the right time, when some red-skinned amateur scientists discover cave paintings indicating that some type of dinosaur monster could have inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor falls into the lake and spontaneously hatch the monster egg lying there ?? I suppose for over a thousand years! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that should be literally believed, but it's better to do it in the company of many friends and a pile of ganja to make the food a bit easier to digest. Yes, it's a horrible movie with the most delicate scenario you can imagine, and many irrelevant insertions with linings that are embarrassing, but it's also irresistibly charming and so awkwardly juxtaposed that you just have to cultivate a kind of sympathy. Half of the movie? at least ?? it revolves around the crazy adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local jokles own and rent a boat near the lake, but spend most days choosing their noses and quarrels about fascinating things such as writing the word "bait". It is in their prototype situations that Laurel and Hardy discover new puddles of blood or cut heads in the lake. Steve Hanson, a heroic but not entirely sharp Sheriff, is in the case, but only if he is not too busy pursuing thugs from a big city traveling around. In the middle of the film suddenly appears a sudden scene about a bandit who robs a liquor store and kills two people. This "WTF" handbook seems to occupy the entire other side of the country, like in New York or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events at Crater Lake. It's only after twenty minutes that the robber reappears in Hicksville, and there's a "joyful" chase in the woods, ending with a hungry mouth, Dino. Absurd small details in "Monstrous crater lake" are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only feature of the creature in which players discover the mandatory giant trail after they have already noticed the real monster. As far as I know, continuities should be legendary. It's as if everyone forgot to pay attention to it. The night turns into dusk during the day and back to dusk? everything during one and the same day course! The monster is undeniably the best aspect of the film, the more so because it is performed through good old-fashioned and cute frame-by-frame effects. The charming critter is a plesiosaur; This means a water dinosaur looking like a Denver crossword, the last dinosaur and alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable film - an experience that I can only encourage you to track down! A miserable rating of 1 in 10 is simply unacceptable (and because it's basically a very bad movie), it should be put in perspective because I might as well give her 10 out of 10 pure entertainment values.
