Well, maybe just recently I have poor connection with Hindi movies. I asked the guy of the video store about Apharana (Prakash Jha), but being a new release, he was not available yet. So I had to settle for it. It turned out to be the stupid Hindi movie I've seen (and I've seen a lot). No wonder BOllywood is the laughing stock of the whole world! If IMDb had negative ratings, I would give Garam Masala -10. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing a tv show about the jazzy premiere they had for the release in Mumbai. All ordinary stars and their sides appeared. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashana. I did not like Hulchul, Hungamy or his other films. Hulchul, probably named Tamil or Telugu, came upon a very loud, face-to-face tariff that again did not make much sense unless in Bollywood. This latest piece of total CXXP proved that this guy does not have BRAINS. Who made him a director, even a Bollywood director? <br /> <br /> In any case, to the movie. What begins as a romantic escapade turns into a nonsensical hunt for women. Two fashion photographers working for a magazine share a flat (is not that similar to No Entry, where two guys work for a gossip magazine and share an office?) Jezuz Christ, now copy their own stories!) Anyway, there's a chef or chef, who tries to help one of the dodo in his quest for multilateral love (also known as multitasking + multitasking). What happened finally, I have no idea. I turned off halfway. What a funny junk. I can not believe they even fired him. And how sadistic to wallow in your own dirt! For what audience did they do - poor illiterates from India (eventually 700 miles) or well-graded NRI remained in Pharena? Either way, it does not matter. None of these groups have any idea what makes a movie good and probably deserves such horrible things. <br /> <br /> This is a short review, because there is nothing to write about, but an ordinary class F garbage bag. Bollywood should change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the film itself.
