I never understood why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, great dance numbers and increased emotions - what not to like? I did not realize that I only saw the upper shell of Bollywood. Then I looked at Garam Masala. From the first scene I could say that it was not a movie that I was going to like (the film opens the installation of two guides driving around the city and apparently happens unexpectedly in a series of photo settings filled with rotating models), but I hoped that everything would improve. Unfortunately not. The main problem is that the two heroes, Mac and Sam, are completely unfriendly. The whole film lies to women - and they lie brutally - to bring them to bed, and the audience has to find it amusing and enchant. The boys are unscrupulous and inept, not in a nice way. Mac even got to the point that one of the women had been drugged to stop her from discovering a fraud. The scenario is very poor, with repeating scenes, settings that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and statements of the characters. In fact, characters are never really developed. Males are vulgar, greedy, and women are simply interchangeably beautiful. If you go through this movie, you think that "air hostesses" are quite easy to move from person to person. In reality, betrayal is not so much fun. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the film were one dance number, which had brilliant sets, and a few arcane moments related to the French farce, shutting down the door aspects of this story. But Bollywood dances play better in Farah Khan's choreography, and you can just go to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have an impact on the writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also takes false praise for inventing the story: the basic assumption of the plot was stolen from the 1960 game "Boeing Boeing". The original author of this work, Marc Camoletti, is nowhere recognized. At least Priyadarshan changed the title of this remake, instead of brazenly using the original without granting credit, as in its version from 1985. (According to the IMDb loan list.)
