Based on an average story by the writer of the horror film Stephen King about the so-called ancient and immortal felids creatures "Sleepwalkers" that suck life from virgins so that this energy could sustain them. "Which means that they become invisible and can create subliminal mirages to fool people. They have been fleeing people for centuries that we were told about, and were picked up one after the other, until there were only two left. The film begins when a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a sleepy city, are the last sleepwalkers and prowl the virgins to feed themselves. The mother sends her son to enroll in a local high school so he can find a virgin, he does (Madchen Amick) and tries to take her, so he can suck it dry. It is not clear why the mother can not search for virgins alone - it would make it easier to imagine that teenage boys are much more likely to follow an older beautiful woman to a secluded place than a teenager following a teenage boy. However, his plans are thwarted when the girl fights back, stuck a pencil in his ear. The police are summoned and the hunt continues! The son is sick because of injuries, so the mother goes mad, killing the cops left and right in the hunt for a girl who hurt her son and gushed painfully with the harsh liners among the blood. Finally, the girl kills her mother at the end of the movie. This movie is rubbish! Acting is variable, from the average Brian Krause to the perfect Alice Krige. The special effects are medium and show some early computer effects that are a bit interesting because they show how far these things have progressed in such a short time. The direction is mixed up and the movie is camping in places. The director seems uncertain whether we should be afraid of lunatics or sympathize with them, and when we have doubts, the film becomes hysterical. Stephen King creates a somewhat funny episode as an annoying gardener, like Mark Hamill, as a surprised policeman. Alice Krige seems to be absorbing this film, her character has depth and shows what the movie could have with a better script and better direction.
