So in the network Chills on the cable have "Vampire Month", I'm so dork, but I love vampires. After a few unsuccessful shows, I was disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to check it out and to my surprise this movie was really bad. Most of Stephen King's films are fun, and some are very scary. Although the sleepwalkers were angry, it was a beautiful kind of evil. I had a good time laughing at the movie and taking it for what it was. I've never read Sleepwalkers, from what I understand, this is the only true story of King's vampire, so I can not really compare a book to a movie. I do not know if it was just my TV set, but the sleepwalkers looked like it was created for television. The special effects were trivial, and the story was a bit stretched, even if it was a fantasy, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed on the life force of virgin women. They are much more resistant than humans and have the powers of both telekinesis and illusions. Their only weakness are cats, who are not only able to see their illusions, but whose claws are able to inflict heavy mortal wounds on them. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary lived in a small town in Indiana. Charles attends a local high school and there he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya does not suspect the real reason why Charles wants her so much; take her life force for her mother who is starving. Initially, it seems that Charles fell in love with Tanya. However, on their first date, at a picnic at a nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain the life force from Tanya by kissing her. As it happens, deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who previously tried to pull Charles for driving, goes past the cemetery and notices Charles's car. When Tanya rushes to him for help, Charles follows Andy and kills him. When Charles turns around to resume the session with an exhausting life force with Tanya, the deputy cat, Clovis, rises to the occasion and almost kills Karol, scratching his face and chest. Charles mortally wounded by Clovis staggers back home, to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on the Tanya family. <br /> <br /> So to sum up this movie, you should expect the cheese to be overflowing. The scene in which Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is very banal and you almost vote for Charles to win, because Tanya is one of the stupidest female heroes in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots at the police car and somehow it explodes, God bless the Hollywood explosions and exaggerations. I take a movie for what it is, it's just wonderfully bad, it turns into a dark comedy that I could just enjoy. I'm not sure if it was Stephen King who wanted to see in his story, but he has a typical scene in his film. So my suggestion, if you watch this movie, take it for what it is, and do not think about it, it's mindless entertainment with sharp effects, bad casting, stupid story and enough cats to make this crazy kitty from Simpson's novel "Wow" , that's a lot of cats. " <br /> <br /> 4/10
