I have to agree with some of the other comments, and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar, our main character, makes the decision to become a substitute mother, to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but on the way I will fall for a wise former prisoner. At the same time, her friend Hortense tries to persuade her lawyer to finally marry her. It also happens that he sleeps with Marlon, who is desperately in love with her. Then there is Delmar's brother, Jethro, who is involved in the former coke addict, Missy, who reveals that she was sexually abused by her adopted father. By the way, we also have an eccentric mother who has an assortment of equally weird friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the movie. So far, so good, but after introducing these characters and plots about life, death, sadness and love in the first half, the movie simply loses its direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer chose only one or two characters and let us follow their stories, maybe everything would be fine, but the equal time on the screen is given to everyone, which means that no story or character is fully developed. For example, why does Delmar think that he will be able to donate his child in exchange for money, especially when potential parents are a terrifying bigoted lawyer and his half-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is a jerk and clearly does not love her? How is it that Missy manages to kick her coke habit overnight? Does Jethro regularly attract women with overwhelming problems, or is Missy the exception? Was Delmar and mother Jethro always on the eccentric side, is this a newer development? Why does Jethro like the Cadillac so much that she has him in the middle of the living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for theft of a car, a relatively small crime? How does Delmar end up giving birth to Moses when there is no suggestion that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are asked in the scenario, but unfortunately they have never been answered. I can only assume that in the original novel they responded to them and that is why the writer felt the need to include all of this in the script. A big mistake. Losing a few threads, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the whole movie, would significantly exacerbate the matter and allow more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moses, who are clearly more central in the plot and basic themes than anyone. <br /> <br /> Add to this the most pedestrian director style seen beyond the average soap opera, and the result is a huge lost opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who does everything to rise above the material. I am not surprised that it seems to be the director's last film, because this effort shows no proof of a visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
