This film does not go round, as others have said. I found it really boring and stupid. The story is about a metal high school student who loves this really evil heavy metal vocalist. The singer dies, but not before making the last album to be played on the radio, of course, at midnight Halloween (which will certainly make it November 1, which is a much weaker date). The kid receives a copy of the record and contains secret hidden messages. It is also the key that opens the door so that a really bad metal singer can come back to bring havoc and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror film at all, but rather a specialty after school. We see a metal kid (an outsider) tormented over and over by popular children. And he fails to learn the most important lessons from high school movies: When cool kids who bully, suddenly invite you to a party, DO NOT GO BACK! It's a trap. Especially if it's a pool party. Someone surprised when it ended in water? It was such a special school that awaited the arrival of Melissa Sue Anderson and teaching Joda Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> Let's go back to the horror story. So this metal kid gets some powers and instead of using them to kill boys-tyrants (which would make a lot more sense), he goes crazy and tries to protect all boys and girls from injury. What? A sensitive hero? What's so funny in horror? Fortunately, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. In fact, he's trying to FORGET that music played on Halloween Dance is music that could free the power to kill all kids who were bad for him. If it was me, I would put this music and immediately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie tells about a metal kid walking around the city trying to kill a terrible metal star he loved. Why you do not cooperate with him and you REALLY do not deal damage. Why do you ask? He seems to be in love with one of the popular girls and does not want him to hurt her ... more suitable for Molly Ringwald. Is this a horror or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The film just lasts and continues at this moment, without fear, horror and anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late 1980s, like me, this movie is cool when I have a little flashback fashion and big hair, but this is the movie. Skip him and stay at home and just listen to KISS.
