Antonioni, in creating this film, took the role of Papa Smurf to all small, long-haired, American, radical student smurfs. He took them under the guiding protection of his European communist wings, showing recognition and support for their mixed American ways. (These Smurfs are red and blue, not the other way around.) Radical Smurfs were happy to receive the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair who regularly hunts God for all long-haired Smurfs, communists of Lenin - another wise old man whose beard made him The Smurfs took him even more seriously, for he symbolized something wise, though they did not quite know why they considered beard such a profound influence on them. Castro, another wise bearded man, often drew profits from this confusion and emanated magical power with a beard over his naive devotees from across the ocean. (Not to mention Che Guevara: this beard has something like je-ne-sais-pas-quoi, makes you want to immediately embrace Marx and his beautiful, pacifist teachings?) The film begins with a vague meeting of radically stupid radical students who engage in dialogues that really redefine the word 'lost'. Just as confused as a dog with a blind collapse, falling from a tall building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly the "hero" of the film (well, Antonioni's protagonist) gets up and says something to his pitiful leftist peers, and then leaves, hoping that the show of "mega-chill" will improve his image of James Dean and significantly increase his chances of gaining the best "chicks" in the next mass hippie orgy. In the end, he gets in trouble with policemen (eg pigs) at a rally and spends the film under the blue American capitalist sky, seeking freedom? Or something like that. Antonioni's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually empty, but he has nothing (or had) to offer; it's just the same policemen who are happy because of the trigger, businessmen are discussing business (and what's wrong with this, are not Antonioni's films made up?) and endless shots of TV commercials and billboards advertising morally decadent products for repulsive, selfish and greedy a right-wing mob population that does not think about anyone else but about themselves, their families, their work and their children. <br /> <br /> Papa Smurf Antonioni, like his long Smurfs and Smurfs from the late 1960s, did not see the most obvious and important aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to freely meet and freely express their anti-establishment opinions in in the same establishment, while students in those countries who are admired by leftist systems do not (and still do not). By far the biggest irony about the hippies - and Antonioni, of course, they did not realize it (his judgment is obscured by cocaine snorting and excessive consumption of LSD) - whether hippies were (are) the remains of garbage of capitalism. It's amazing irony. Only in an effective functioning capitalist system can one find this species called "hippie"; spoiled, ungrateful and selfish group of middle and upper class losers. <br /> <br /> The movie itself seems to last forever. Antonioni devotes her sweet time to doing this, including too long scenes of futility, with a high rate of dementia. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and banal. His statements are doubtful at best. This film is the way Antonioni says that a violent revolution is the solution. And that's what we get from an old, saturated, disgustingly rich, fat filmmaker who lives in villas and food in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I do not remember seeing any major Western film about the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. But when one Western student is shot for waving Che Guevara's face on all of our faces, we get ten main films about it at once. I suppose it means that Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than Western life? at least for leftist hypocrites who attack movies. <br /> <br /> If you're a Marxist neo-hippie and you do not like this horrible review, click "NO" below.
