This film is certainly a product of its time and can be seen in any other context, it is an extremely stupid movie. Heck, even seen in the right context, is pretty bad !! Mainly thanks to stupid story and complacency from the famous Italian director Michał Anioł Antonioni. In this case, he tried to combine a very elaborate film in the style of an anti-establishment hippie movie and he managed to produce a bomb with huge proportions. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rap session, in which many "With this" students sit and say such phrases as "power for people" and complain about the "man". Given that most of these hippies have parents sending them to college, it seemed a bit silly when these privileged kids complained so loudly and shouted revolutionary jargon. A little later, violence erupted between students and "guinea pigs" and a policeman was killed. Our "hero", Mark, may, but he does not have to do it, but he is forced to flee to avoid accusations. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what only a moron would do - he steals an airplane and flies into the Mojave desert! There he meets a chick and then philosophizes for hours. Then they have sex in one of the strangest sex scenes in cinema history. When they spin in the dust, suddenly other pairs appear out of place and there is a huge scene of orgy. While you see a bit of skin (guaranteeing the grade R), it is not as clear as it could be. In fact, it lasts so long and seems so choreographic that it simply amazes the mind. And of course, when they are finished, many, many other pairs disappear in the air. Oddly, later the couple paints the plane with some help and looks like the creation of Peter Max. Despite the improved appearance of the aircraft, bad cops react to his return by plane, firing at a pretty revolutionary. When the girl learns, she turns into a semi-catatonic state, and the film ends with an apparent image of the destruction of her fascist parents of pigs and all the evil that they are behind (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of one simple explosion, you see the same huge house that explodes about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see TVs, refrigerators and other things exploding in slow motion. Although stupid, it's cool to watch - something like David Letterman blows up or smashes things in his program. <br /> <br /> Apart from the stupid plot, the film suffers from a strong need for a single sympathetic character and an extensive edition. At least 15 minutes could be easily removed to speed up a bit - especially since there really is not so much story or dialog. The bottom line is that it's an incredibly stupid movie and I was not surprised when I saw it in Harry Medved's book The Fifty Worst Films. It is a well-deserved addition to this pantheon of nonsense. For such a famous director, spending so much money on the production of such a casting film is a crime! <br /> <br /> The last two observations. If you like to laugh at stupid hippie movies, try also to watch the movie "TRIAL OF BILLY JACK". Also in the case of art imitating life, the leader, Mark Frechette, played his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 in prison a few years after taking part in the "revolution" act, in which he and some friends robbed the bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies !!
