The untimely sequel extends credibility to a large extent, because the devil sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time infiltrating the film production of the novel he wrote for drowning in the garden, assuming the identity of the second murdered director. <br /> <br /> The film ridicules Hollywood's joy, with a nasty magazine taking pictures of tyranny directors who sleep with their actresses (they are looking for a way to the ladder) and do not like anyone who challenges them to a full headlight. Brian Krause, who I thought was horrible, abusing to the point where satire felt incredibly compelled, introduces a loud, temperamental director who does not like the fact that his second director and screenwriter Alison (played by Dahlia Salem) seems to take over production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, who is the brother of the first movie victim. The dark humor of the film is based on the idea of ​​a serial killer who acts as a film director and uses it for everything that is worth it. Nelson goes back to his psychological role again, and Stanley is as clever as ever, using his brain to direct film production, killing anyone to maintain full control of his work, not letting anyone stand in his way ... until Alison understands, who Stanley really is. Alison is a type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of his subject ... what motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do something like that, and what led such a man to this dark path? Humor Alison, who actually works with the same man, is also part of the satire in the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you have an unavoidable game between Alison and Stanley, with a really preposterous, unbelievable conclusion about the fate of the killer (... a hard pill to swallow). In contrast to the first film, which was photographed with sophisticated Polish language, the director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not needed (eg. Shooting all kinds of strange angles, slow motion in sepia color and a few cases that are taken on video ) and rather tease instead of impressing. This continuation, for me, simply was not a goal so original, with a lot of humor less effective and more obvious.
