Do you need a lesson of pure, miserable failure? Look no further than "The wizards of the lost kingdom", fatal, poor in dirt, shame disgrace. As we all know, decent moovies have a tendency to germinate terrible, horrible offspring: "Halloween" spawned many, many bad slashers from the 80's; "Mad Max" spawned many, many bad 80s "futuristic wastelands"; and "Conan the Barbarian" has fathered a whole lot of terrible, terrible, incredibly evil 80-fold movies of the sword and spells. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scratches the bottom of the 80's barrel in a way that really offends barrels. A young runt named Simon regained his "good kingdom" from an evil wizard with the help of a dirty carpet, a garden dwarf, a mermaid topless and a tired, plump Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a longtime b-moovie muscleman, looks like he can not wave a sword of aluminum foil. However, he manages to overcome evil forces, which consist of the evil wizard "Szurki" and his army of ill-disguised monsters, giants and dwarves. At some point, the paper bat attacks the string, but is eaten by 1/2 of the hidden puppet sock, pitifully presented as a dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what you can politely describe only as fragments of scenes collected from the floor of the cutter in the bad udder of udder, stitched together in vain hope of setting the scene for the film and overly told by a guy who will never appear. Words can not properly convey the staggering cheapness of the film; producers have probably spent moore moore feeding the increasingly esophageal esophagus of Svenson than on the bad video of the movie. And we are talking here with Brie, people ...: = 8P director Hector Oliver ("Queen of barbarians") presents this mishmash in a hopelessly confused, confused and dingy manner, destroying every possible note of a clear, linear story. Acting is horrible, the production level below the shoe string, and the plot is one tired cliché after another parade in front of our tired eyes. The fact that they created a sequel (!!!), makes the brain spin MooCow. James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") cheesy moosic from "Battle Beyond the Stars" was raised, shouted and kicked, and mercilessly implanted in this turkey - bet that this will not appear on his resume. People, you have to see it to believe it. MooCow says cheap renting has nothing else to watch, well, it's fun to watch your friends with dust. Barely. : = 8P
