What we have here is a great piece of incompetence from the early 80's that will make even the greatest connoisseur of cinema-junk! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy adventure / Sword-and-Sorcery, which has no real story, but willingly and shamelessly borrows elements from other movies. Writer Ed Naha and Oliver Hector (who?) They watched enough of the kind of movies to know they needed a handful of necessary characters, but they probably figured that the rest would go automatically. To make the fantasy adventure you need: one super-evil villain (preferably with a black cloak), one young training hero, one lone warrior, one nice type of furry animal, one wise dwarf dwelling in the forest (optional) and a whole colorful collection of hideous demons , enslaved dwarves and winged gargoyles that act as a filler. The story is phenomenal and original, and Simon, the young son of the wizard, must flee from his beloved kingdom after the evil mage Shura takes power and kills the king. Simon wants to come back and save people, but that's why he needs his huge ring, which he lost while running away. Simon befriends the lonely Kor warrior (usually a cool guy, Bo Svenson, who clearly needs a check), who helps Simon in a long and destructive journey full of hardships, dangerous encounters and magical showdowns. It does not sound that bad, but it's only because I've ruled out all the wonderfully inaccurate details. For example, Simon has a best friend named Gulfax. Gulfax is an Albino version of Chewbacca and causes uncontrollable giggles as soon as it opens its poodle-muzzle to shout something unintelligible. Obstacles on the way back home are fun to be irrelevant to the "storyline" and simply serve as a filling material to hide the lack of real content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a suspicious forest nymph, Kor settles an old party with a nemesis about a pig's face, whose sister did not want to get married, and there is a terrible "suicide cave" where one can only sing. But absolutely the most uneven sequence? not only this movie, but in the history of cinema? includes resurrecting four zombie warriors. Szymon wakes up legendary, courageous warriors, hoping that they will help them in battle, but rotting corpses take only a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. This is it! That's all about sub plot zombies! The best sequence ever! I could keep exchanging unintentional funny details for a few more paragraphs, but you have an idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is an incredibly spoiled movie "yes-bad-is-good". Advice: do not watch this joyful piece of rubbish. Invite friends, preferably types at the forefront, with a wicked sense of humor, and watch them in the group. Will it be the night to remember?
