From the very beginning, you know that this is a Sam Sherman movie more than the movie Al Adamson, because, as it was written in the subtitles, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in letters as large as the title. What's more, Mr. Sherman co-wrote the script and his idea was to use Bob Livingstone, a broke, 69-year-old western star from the old Hollywood era, to be his masculine advantage in the picture that Sherman thought he would use about the recent success of "Swinging Stewardesses" ". <br /> <br /> Why would you now want a wrinkled old man as your male leader in what should be a soft-core function? It eludes the explanation, but it's Sam Sherman. His obsession with old Hollywood colored many of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get actors for their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me that the demographic car ride knew who the other was in the 40's; this is ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But again, "Naughty Stewardesses" was a good picture for them, so we can not just write it as Sherman's failure. Nevertheless, according to any aesthetic standard, it is an inconsistent mess. Al Adamson wanted to get out of this picture and it's easy to understand why. First of all, there is no genre focus and drifting from the super soft core (tits and butt / only simulated sex) to the thriller thriller (shades of "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo" Steckler!) In the meantime, we succumb to painfully boring sequences of flight attendants traversing Vegas to well-worn Sparrow or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann at a photo shoot in San Francisco. What's the worst, we get Bob Livingstone as Jack LaLanne, who wants to be in a blue coverall, trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, his great sex scene with Connie Hoffmann has been removed, but you can catch him by slurping her tits on DVD in the Special Features section. Scary.) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible, awful movie, but I'll give him three stars for Gary Graver's photo and sympathy for Connie Hoffmann for having to make it from Livingstone's "Wrinkles". "Naughty Stewardesses" is for Al Adamson a complete complementary and / or scholar of the exploitation film, because the commentary by Sam Sherman contains important inside information. Everyone else, BE CAREFUL.
