This is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of Sam Sherman Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie just hit the city, became a stewardess, slept with an older rich man (which she describes at the age of fifty, but apparently hit fifteen years ago), records the scenes for the photographer she has just met, and then is the central element of the kidnapping / extortion story . Through all this and all this emotional shock and search for the soul, what in the name of heaven will Debbie do? Well, I can not give it up completely, but do not expect any real revelation here. Let's face it. Naughty Stewardesses is what she wants to be (at least two thirds): a soft porn movie with lots of topless women and a fun movie from the '70s. There is no great art here. The film was designed to make money and use the growing trend at the time to put the nymphomaniacal flight attendants in movies so that the audience could survive as a replacement for their voyeuristic flavors. By today's standards, the film is quite tame. What this film does wrong is the attempt to be a movie at the end. Come on, someone here believes in this little diatribe from Debbie on the beach contemplating life. Take more time to choose the halter you will wear that day and then do it. And what about the absurd plot of theft of 50,000? It did not make any sense to me, so how the hell did those characters "dig"? Does anyone buy Cal as a member of PLO (something like that) or even a director of hardcore pornography? He will be lucky to work at Seven Eleven! This is, as another reviewer pointed out, more of Sam Sherman's and Al Adamson's song. You can say when Al is fully charged. There is virtually no budget, and the movie does not look nearly as good as this one. Adamson is managing a decent job this time and I have to admit Sherman to some extent. Although this movie is bad only because of what it was supposed to be, it has a certain style. I liked the initials with animations and photos. I even liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was a bit of a catchy melody. The film does not look cheap at all. Compare this with the horrors of EVERYONE from Al. As for the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old to lead, but in his character he is looking for some analysis and explored the obvious motive that young women are attracted to men with money. I had serious problems with Robert Smedley, who was just awful in his role. The girls have great sets, so what else was required of them? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively harmless operating film from the 1970s and will serve as a living time capsule for some aspects of life over this decade. By the way, did I mention that this is a pretty bad picture?
