It seems that the people behind Envy realized that the latest comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - were falsifications of situations that were constantly falling in originality and were laughing in general. The total absurdity of Zoolander was very funny to me when it was released, Starsky and Hutch were also very happy, and then Dodgeball kept laughing for many people, although personally I was a bit tired of these over-the-top characters - especially when the script was not so funny (perhaps the comedy of the Dodgeball tournament does not translate too much into Australia, where it rarely plays). Trying to do something more original, Envy leaves the absurd scenario and instead revolves around the absurd creation of the character of Jacek Black (I will not spoil what is for those who intend to watch the film). The problem is that the movie seems to be dragging, I'm not a big fan of the movie to be able to come up with examples, but it seems that this setting was done a thousand times before and very rarely successfully. So instead of a nice, sharp, nice and fresh comedy, you get a movie that just seems to go through your movements. Of course, the moves can be quite fun and focus on the idea, which is quite strange to provide some laughter - especially with Jack Black playing excited and funny, though a bit 2D, the creator. On the other hand, Ben Stiller seems a bit lost, asked to play a fuller role than the absurd characters from his films Zoolander, but he struggles as a family man, whether by his fault or scenarios, does not have enough depth to form, and the result is Ben Stiller's film, which does these typical manners and generally becomes boring. The show does not leave a trace on the viewer (he is simply Ben Stiller, Jack Black manages to really present the character - although it is not a challenge). The last annoying element of the film is the role of Christopher Walken as "The J Man", which is as typical and two-dimensional as characters appear, and naturally becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. <br /> <br /> It really is not as unbearable as some people think they are watchable, especially if you have the right mood (a stupid feeling would be a good condition to watch this movie). Rent it on a movie night with friends and watch it after watching a scary movie and feel like you have something light - hopefully, then you'll also be a little trapped. In this scenario, I can imagine that it would be quite pleasant, but generally it provides too little laughter to carry, and most of the time it just stretches.
