I admit that I like a lot of so-called "frat-pack" movies. No matter how bad they are, I can find something for myself in Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" just left me as cold as a white horse, which Ben got rid of. This time it's Ben and Jack Black as a pair of naughty neighbors, one of whom (Black) discovers an aerosol spray to make animal packs disappear and becomes incredibly rich, while the other (Stiller) writhes with jealousy. It's supposedly a conspiracy, but then it turns into other directions that do not make much sense. <br /> <br /> I think "Vapoorize" is initially fun. The problem is that they try to keep the gag on the whole picture (Black has a license plate that reads "Caca King") and it gets pretty tiring. But even Ben and Jack are poorly exploited; the energy level for both their performance seems to be significantly reduced. The two best performances are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. The neo-hippie guy from Walken is so unconventional and so well modulated that he never suggests other famous characters of Walken. It's totally unique, yet it looks like Walken. And Weisz is the best actress in the industry, which nobody knows. Even with a limited amount of time, the screen still dominates in every scene in which it is located. <br /> <br /> The whole essence of the so-called drama is that Ben in a jealous drunken dementia accidentally shoots a white stallion Jack, and then goes to absurd lengths to hide it, fearing that his best friend will find out and he will kill him. But the turn of the action is not credible, because there is nothing about Jack's character to indicate that he will do something like that. He plays such a sweet guy that he makes all horrible chase become invalid. You completely discount it. It's all a filler. And what is the meaning of this uncontrolled carousel, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know that he saw "Strangers on a Train"? The scenario is painfully bad, and the acting of two poorly targeted. Someone with Levinson's work should know better. Maybe someone will come up with something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they already have.
