Jack Frost, no children, it's not a warm family movie about dad, who comes back from the dead in the form of a snow man. It's a sadistic killer named Jack Frost who is sprayed with sour liquid and transforms into a snow killer. I happened to catch a copy of this movie so that I could sit back and laugh at it. Snow killer? Ha, sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very bad. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost tells the story of a killer who is transported by a truck to jail so he can fry in a chair at midnight. But it's a snowy night and collides with a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to let the acid burn to death and transform into a deadly snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton, where he was caught by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snow man with cooler powers. It can condense in water, shoot ice cycles as spears and grow deadly fangs. The only question is who can stop Frost? This movie is below the typical B-Movie line. The films start cheesy, but as soon as Jack is burned by acid, it quickly falls below the cheese line and goes flat. Operation for one is terrifying! We have here a whole cast of extraordinary actors who can not act, they can act, but they have a senseless character, or they are just for a few extra dollars. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. It looks like young Richard Kiel in combination with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance has been shortened to three minutes, and the only thing we have seen is his new form of the snow man and his wise crack. Plus his jokes are not funny. Weeping, stupid and angry. <br /> <br /> The story is awful! There have been many murderers throughout history. A killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a shaving glove, a moron with a chainsaw, a quick saint. Bernard, but now we're bending down to the tacky killer? Come on! And the way the characters are introduced is terrible. On the one hand, I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, that is, give him the father of oats and Freezer so they would not freeze? All characters are stupid and senseless, and deaths are caricatures. One woman, strangled with Christmas lights, has her head smashed in a decorative box, and the girl is curled up to death in the shower (where is the carrot in this scene?). <br /> <br /> And up this awful movie are special effects. The first big special effect we have is Jack's DNA, which mixes with the snow, and the boy is terrible. I mean, it looks like 60's fashion, PU! Jack also looks like a fake one. It looks like a person covered with rubber, snow skin. All blood and blood are poor, and the film never sticks out with size, but instead it leans at a low level. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher films ever created. I thought it would live, but no! He is not trying to be funny and really tries to be frightening. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least it made me laugh. Do not even bother with this piece of rubbish. Jack Frost = D +
