I did not see "Henry Fool", but after watching "Fay Grim" I'm not sure if I want to. Maybe Hartley wants to become an "anti-thriller" director - he certainly managed to yawn. On the basis of the official description --- the woman discovers that the manuscript of her deceased husband contains material that may pose a threat to national security --- I expected a tense geopolitical drama. Instead, I got a frail structure, stupid dialogue, flaccid patterns, an agile plot and "tone" that changes so often that it suggests that Hartley changed the scenario depending on his mood at the moment. I can hang for a long time with a frustrating, difficult to follow thread (eg "Duplicity"), because I think that the loose ends will eventually meet. Even if they do not do it or do it, but leave constant questions (eg "Duplicate"), sharp writing and acting can have an interest. But in the middle of "Fay Grim" I achieved a deadly realization - I did not know what was happening and I did not care. It is a pity, because I really like Parker Posey, reduced to work with an absurd part, who asked her to change from an indifferent, foreign wife and an indifferent, pale mother into a hard, clever "player" capable of psychological mano with terrorists. There is also a bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he can not overcome his evil reasoning as a CIA agent. It looks almost as uncomfortable in this role as I observed it. His CIA helper is worse; looks like a refugee from the American Idol quarterfinal (are there really young CIA agents with large hair licks with loose hair on their foreheads?). Then the question arises about the age of the heroes. Goldblum was 54 years old when he did "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool", was 44 years old. However, the key issue in this story is that they served as CIA agents in Nicaragua "in the 70s." Goldblum would have been 20 years old; Henry Fool would be a teenager. Was Hartley "bizarre" or lazy? The problems are too numerous to mention them ...
