I say "I thought" in this line because, to be honest, I have not seen Hal Hartley's film so far. It's not that I did not hear about him because he was seen as one of those little filmmakers in New York (when I say I mean even smaller than Jim Jarmusch) who created very personal projects with a limited budget. In an ironic way, like in Salo Pasolini, though in a slightly different context, Fay Grim is interested in me to see some of Hartley's more acclaimed features, because it seems that at least there is some semblance of talent in him, as if Hartley * may be * a very good filmmaker who can be so good that he just made a great experimental mistake. Or, on the other hand, he could simply be someone much impressed with his own idiosyncrasies and supposed Godard-like movie collisions. <br /> <br /> I can not quite explain a story that maybe or maybe I suppose it's not a problem, but it's not really because I did not see the movie before Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think that even if I had this experience, it would not make much difference based on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double story wrapped in another, which fell through the fake pockets of the title character, played off the beaten track by Parker Posey (I'm not sure if it's good or bad, maybe both), and also engaging CIA agent (Jeff Goldblum, as usual, a solid presence among the mania, and even evoking laughter), not to mention the nice orgy of the photo box and the author Henry Fool. It is not the case that the scenario is completely impenetrable, however much of it goes into overly elaborate gaps only because there are some accents of witty or emotionally strange dialogue. <br /> <br /> Just the direction just sucks. Harltey is in love with the Third Man, which is okay, but he puts a consistent headache that makes everything tilted at an angle, and the characters must fall into a frame as strangely as they are. Since Battlefield Earth has in fact not done such an annoying director, trying to make unnecessary selection of titled angles for some bizarre dramatic effect, only this time Hartley is not among the cluster ***, he is mainly responsible for this. This, along with the crazy title titles that appear here and there, a bit funny, and some just completely stupid, and the assembly segments in still shots, and a few moments involving actions that almost resemble Ed Wood, undermines every potential it finds in a script that is already quite difficult to decipher. In a sense, it's fascinating to see how bad it all is, but the kind of fascination that involves perceiving the reverse side of total creative control over the type of small story. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: you probably will not meet this more miserable pretentious example of American independent production this year.
