1975 MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE is an amazing and wonderful movie to watch. Not because the fight is particularly inspired, nor because the movie makes sense. This is because the film is so stupid and so exaggerated that it is a classic camp - bad, but pleasantly bad. The film features a blind guy who has a chain-like frisbee that cuts off the heads of the people when he technically throws them to his enemies! Who cares that physics is impossible or that there are such stupid things in the movie as warriors with 12-foot paper arms or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from the beginning to the end - and one of my favorite "bad" movies and great to see with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this movie I wanted to see FALAL GUILOTINS (1977), although unfortunately it turned out that it is NOT a continuation, but a bit of knockout - taking many ideas from the original, but neglecting to make the film coherent or viewing. Of course, it's silly fun, but it never comes close to the MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE in the entertainment value. Just like in the original movie, there are such strange flying devices that cut off the heads, but they are quite different - with circular saw blades and almost their own mind. There is also no blind man, but it is a group of bad people who really have no depth, and the audience does not understand exactly what is happening in this English version, because the plot is completely incomprehensible. At the same time, however, some martial arts activities are very good. Although it does not meet the high standards of most films by Bruce Lee and Sonny Chiba, the action is worth the trouble despite the absurd and often misleading storyline. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a movie that may like fans of martial arts (despite many, many, many, many shortcomings), but also that others probably turn off or laugh hysterically, instead of enjoying action because the movie is so absurd. BUT, most importantly, it never comes to being as funny or as watching as the SHOOTING CHAMPION MASTER. Detriment.
