This film should be shown to students of film schools as an example of what NOT to do. The original lunged on the huge impact of tires, this terrible catastrophe breaks the cardinal principle of Bruckheimer's films: we all know that they suck, but they have a great action. This movie has no action. This movie is BIRTHDAY. Where are the cars? Where are the chases? Where is the tension? Where is the tension? Where is the rush? Where!!?? It really is not a movie, it's bad advertising. 50 cars in 24 hours? It's bad. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How is it wrong? The driving is rigid, wooden and forced. Black character, cop, others ... who cares. They speak their senseless lines, they serve an illogical plot. They are overwhelmed by what they can do best, says the director of music videos: "do not worry, we'll do a lot of quick cuts and nobody will notice how bad the movie is" or "fix it with lots of loud music" Script "is not a script at all , more like a list of plates with an ending which is a complete rip-off: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The Fugitive. The greatest crime is the trick of Vinnie Jones ... this is the worst, coolest mofo from Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what are they doing !? They make him mute, which is barely in the movie! Make Vinnie the main villain and he could save the movie. How could they be so stupid? How? How? Why? The original movie is very funny with a cool trick at the end that takes the driver. The original has a great 40-minute chase that provides! Find the original. Or if you want a real chase action, RONIN loan. Chasing Ronin has raised the bar, thanks to which all other car chases will now be evaluated. Bruckheimer and Cage had all that money, all these resources, all of this experience, and they can not even get close to matching the movie they made 25 years ago for 250,000 dollars? How is this possible? You feel cheated after watching this movie. Where I used to be excited about seeing Coyote Ugly, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say, God, help us all. <br /> <br />
