If the creators of Atlantis had something to say in this film, its topic was (literally) drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" over the characteristics. Almost as if trying to "keep up" with the other hits of the summer action, Disney abandoned the approach based on characters and film with the message for Star Wars with stereotypical heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> Art is cartoony, and the producers believe they can fill the gap with computer-generated images (CGI) of flying fishing vessels and submarines. They are mistaken, and the days of beautiful, hand-made animation quickly fly out the window in favor of the CGI production line. <br /> <br /> This film is a show without a heart. Sometimes the film is close to being a good, valuable movie, but frustratingly longing for the brand so many times, dealing with talking about something significant and instead of choosing from glitz. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the film is stimulation. It begins to mislead and then begins to sway along with the unpredictable style of editing history. The viewer is thrown out of the door along with Milo Thatchem (well directed by Michael J. Fox) and he remains in his mind: "Gee, there must be something terrible that will happen when we reach Atlantis." Unfortunately, not much happens. The secret of Atlantis remains a mystery, because storytellers do not know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to say where Atlantis is, even in fictional history. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is hypothetical, even from a purely fanciful point of view. The viewer will leave the theater asking the question: "What was it all about? What was the meaning of the movie? Why did not the Atlantis' survivors remember how to read when many of them survived the catastrophe to the "current" day? WHY Atlantis sank? and then they immediately begin to forget what they saw. There is nothing to think about or waste ... except to lose money in wallets. <br /> <br /> Characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable. From an eccentric zillionaire who assumes an expedition with seemingly larger money that existed all over the planet in 1914, to a (spoiler) of collective consciousness that enters Kid and Volunteer, he will leave his people!?! The team is a collection of bizarre two-dimensional people anachronically (on 1914) P.C. race and sex. The demolition expert says he went straight out of the Bugs Bunny of the Warner Brothers. Most of the jokes are vulgarity, which the audience does not see to a large extent for two reasons: they are delivered with the speed of lightning and usually mumble. It's hard to believe in the way those supporting players do the moral move towards the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> While we applaud Disney for trying to create animated films for adults - and this is Disney's first to not have cute, talking animals or objects - he does not make the transition. Younger children will be terrified by some action scenes and will remain in the dark thanks to a large number of subtitles (when characters speak in Atlantis). In the first five minutes of the trip, about 200 people die without a second thought. Of course, Disney thinks that if you did not know who these people were, why would you care? Again, the movie has no feelings at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the last animated films produced by Disney that were performed very well. Unfortunately, Atlantis refers to failed attempts in the past, such as the Black Cauldron and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney has to go back to his roots. Soon Peter Pan's sequel will appear, but you never know what the results will be until you see him. Now that Disney has discovered Science Fiction, he hopes they will realize that this genre must have more than a show. We also hope that the upcoming Treasure Planet, Robert L. Stevenson's science-fiction adaptation of Treasure Island, will have more heart than the fathomless "Atlantis: The Lost Empire."
