I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was quite bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I did not like it) because Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and it took a drastic step from the old series. When I heard that the work was "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue", I thought it could be better. But when I saw a picture in which Scooby and Shaggy appeared, I knew that this program would be bad, if not worse. I've watched some episodes and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" - wannabe. Scooby and Shaggy no longer fight people wearing masks of cool, terrifying monsters that rob banks. Now they are chasing a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become more courageous. Also, because Shaggy will NOT be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is ALREADY VEGAN), Shaggy's original voice, he will NOT preach Shaggy. Only Shaggy will speak if he does not eat meat, and it was just a stupid corporate change to update the franchise, as if internet jokes were not enough. So Scott Menville (who previously spoke Red Herring on "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo" voices) Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is REALLY BAD! This makes Shaggy sound like a high-pitched 10-year-old and I have to agree that the voice definitely suits his new, ugly look. However, KAS MAKES the voice of Uncle Shaggy Albert, which is a good thing. On the other hand, Scooby-Doo does not look so good. It looks like it was designed to look more like CGI Scooby-Doo from action movies. In addition, the voice of Frank Welker Scooby (I need to mention Brain the Dog again?) It still has not improved. Rob, a robotic butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and makes a "comic" impression and gives safety tips ("Remember the children, do not stand under the trees during a storm!"), But it just does not match the Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, Hanna-Barber's sound effects are rarely used here. However, in one episode "Lightning Strikes Twice" they use thunderbolts "Castle Thunder" almost entirely! (Although they still use the newly recorded sound effects of thunder.) Scooby-Doo does not use sound effects "Castle Thunder" since 1991. But my question is: why use "Castle Thunder" for "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue," while you DO NOT use it in movies directly to the video, or even in "What's New Scooby-Doo! "(He used two episodes of WNSD and unfortunately it was not enough.) If he used WNSD and DTV films, they can be better than this ugly cartoon. On the day of the premiere of this show, I watched the first episode and it was so bad that I turned it off after just five minutes! To get away from this bad program, I hired "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" Which appeared more or less at the same time. And you know what? The film "Pirates Ahoy" was actually BETTER than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get Hints" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like new designs that have characters are not permanent to the franchise. The "direct-to-video" films coming out of this series fortunately use ordinary character patterns. But regardless of whether you loved or hated "What's new Scooby-Doo," I do not recommend it. But if you hate the old series, you will love it! (Oh God, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoon will stay better than the new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, a really bad addition to the Scooby canon.
