Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, successful and beloved cartoon heroes in the world. What happens when you were everywhere and did everything using the formula? Do you exchange it well? Wrong. You stop production and let it rest for about ten years and then start it again, keeping the core of success intact. I mean, stick to the formula for the most part, but add a special flavor to it. For me, that's why "What's new Scooby Doo" worked, want to return to the classic formula of Scooby Doo, which successfully appeared only ten years earlier in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo", but mostly not overheard since the original "Scooby Doo, Where are you? " <br /> <br /> The first sign (for me) of a weak offer is to include foreign characters; There may be some nice memories from previous iterations, but in general if you think "Scooby Doo" you do not think about Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Worse, the exclusion of other major members of "Mystery Inc." generally indicates a group of people who do not understand how the program works from a children's point of view. The basic assumption has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed to meeting each other and thanks to their individual stereotypical traits manage to overcome tasks at hand. <br /> <br /> This next paragraph is just my theorizing, so skip it if you want: I hope I can explain why I think that wandering with the basic elements of the program is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang represents and how contribute to the whole; Fred represents the driver, I think generally that Fred's goal is to give the group direction, organization and partial tasks. Fred is not a happy teenager, he's your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (the problem always equals Fred's solution). In many ways, Fred is Shaggy's antithesis. Shaggy is your best friend, this guy who is a little more afraid of things than you, lets you be brave, do not be behind the backpack. Shaggy represents emotions and often shows emotional extremes from exaltation to fear. Velma represents rational thinking, applies logic, but as we see again and again on the show, I need clues that are mostly collected in pieces by other members of the series. Left alone, Velma will solve the mystery? The group is often in situations where truths are not obvious and only through random encounters get the information necessary to complete the task, Daphne represents a chance. At some point (I think it is the first Scooby Doo series) she was known as "vulnerable". Writers used Daphne to connect unrelated events by accident. Often it is the one who finds a secret door, a collection of items or other details that can help in connecting gangs. Finally, Scooby himself represents us, the participant. He is always at the center of events, capable of everything the rest of the gang is capable of, and at the same time handicapped, because he is not human and just like us, the television viewer can not really participate. Scooby Doo works because all of these personalized troubleshooting elements are immediately identifiable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Maybe I think about it, but in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo (being a 30-year-old self-proclaimed sucker, it's a kind of rolls from the territory). For me, there is magic with the classic formula of "Scooby Doo", which should never be confused with. <br /> <br /> How many people have noticed; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art, nor is it absolutely trivial, belongs to the programming category that young people can watch with a hearty bowl of cereal. Using raw simplicity, he transforms into something else, something smaller.
