Darcy and her young daughter Pamela go to a country where her mother's boyfriend, Peter, left the doctor's office in the city to become a writer and settle for bed and breakfast. Although this inn has a terrible past, and Pamela learns from one girl who lives in the city, that a deformed witch once lived in this house. They called her "Fairy" because she would kill children after receiving the last tooth. This work at the inn has awakened the "Tooth Fairy". Now he is looking at Pamela and her last child's tooth, but if something stands in their way, they will face the same fate that Pamela has to face. <br /> <br /> The old folk myth of "Fairy" does not paint it in a very generous way, how would you believe when you were a child. Do they just do not like to exchange happy childhood memories into nightmares! Another, which belonged to the same category, was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare how similar they are in the place, because I did not see the other one, but I mainly read that they basically share the same idea. A bit straight to a DVD movie, this DTV job looks good and has some promising images surrounding a senseless and traditionally book creation device. Low expectations are needed, because I would not include this to success, but it turned out that it is not very entertaining. <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown's story for this character "Tooth Fairy" is completely naked, leaning more towards the vehicle than anything really supernatural. Stupid is a good way to describe what is happening in this badly written story, but it never seems like a fairy tale horror movie. Dialogues may seem rather unnecessary and morally overwhelmed. While acting is simply incompatible with the nondescript characters they have to work with, director Chuck Bowman offers an ingenious blood splatter and terribly unpleasant shocks. This type compensates for the lack of tension, zero fear and general tone. Its direction is quite serious and visually in a state where it gets a bit of mood lighting contrasting with its slippery photography. The promising opening scene is extremely effective. His pace may slow down in parts, and there is a strange and unnecessary slow motion scene, but it never gets too stiff with something that's going on, which makes me not bored. <br /> <br /> The special effects of makeup have provided the goods because there is enough repulsive gruel and the appearance of Tooth Fairy is particularly sticky. Fairy fairy character may look scary in black robe, bubbling make-up and quick movements. Being on site helps create a more natural feel and can enrich the atmosphere with a sense of awe. Children's actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are fairly solid, but they can be a bit too causal in their performances like Peter and Darcey. Radiant beauty Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their tenants. PJ Soles appears in a small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them against the evil that lurks in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good time that has a sound concept that is not developed enough, and the execution is a nice textbook. Observable nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgotten.
