The Tooth Fairy takes place in a small town somewhere in northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) brought a farm that he renovates and plans to turn into an inn, which is joined by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her young 12-year-old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz), who comes to help during the weekend. While visiting the estate, Pamela meets another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard), who warns her that an evil lurking in her new home, tells the story of a bad old witch known as the fairy who takes children's teeth from the children and then kills them. Pamela is worried and becomes even more when she falls off her bike and the last tooth of her child falls out, soon afterwards the evil spirit of the Tooth Fairy has her eyes on Pamela's tooth and only for kicks decides to kill whoever she meets ... <br /> < br /> directed by Chuck Bowman I thought that The Tooth Fairy is just another bad low budget movie with a low budget, which does not differ from countless other store shelves and fill late night cable TV schemes, in principle, it is not very good. Producer's scenario Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode and Cookie Rae Brown is a complete slumber fest for the first 40 strange minutes, nothing of great interest does not happen during this period at all and is basically a boring exposition, as if it were to surprise everyone. He introduces the character, sets the legend of Tooth Fairy and that's all. The second half of the film improves slightly, but even then it is not too spectacular, there are a few decent gore scenes, but otherwise everything is very predictable and unforgettable. The character is not great and most of them are simply killed, the story has inconsistencies, such as the story of the fairy herself, she says she kills the children after they give her their little teeth, so why go to the massive killing madness that has nothing together with teeth? What happened to her after the 1949 prologue? Why did she come back as a ghost? Although she is a ghost, she seems to be very human, she has to open the door herself and use a weapon to kill people, there is no attempt to use supernatural elements, except for ghostly children who are played for maximum sentiment. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman is doing well, he is quite well made and there are a few half decent scenes, but nothing excites. There is nothing here that I can describe as scary or atmospheric and do not pay attention to the comparison between this and Darkness Falls (2003), because apart from the fact that the teeth are quite different. The blood is fine, someone is slipped into the wood crush machine, the head is cut off, someone has a severed penis and the best scene when someone is nailed to the door and then sliced ​​through the stomach with an ax and viscera. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of about $ 1,500,000, Tooth Fairy is generally well done, but nothing special. Acting is not a big deal, but it's not that bad and I have not found actors who are irritating, so that's what I suppose. <br /> <br /> Tooth Fairy is an ordinary, below average, low budget modern horror tariff straight to the video, which seems to be present everywhere, if you manage to find a cheap copy, it can pass 90 odd minutes, if you will not be too demanding otherwise it will be pretty bad and forgotten.
