I should have known when I looked at the box in the movie shop and saw Lisa Raye - for me this is a woman Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANY *. Almost * guarantees * that the movie will be bad (eg. Congo), if Hudson is in it (except for the films Ghostbusters, which were deliberately camp and bad). Despite my instincts and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, another cinematic "tour de force" with Lisa Raye, I borrowed it anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" in OZ and finished watching a very qualitative series, so I thought I would give this film a chance. <br /> <br /> If you're a lover of bad movies, then you definitely must see! It must be the most involuntarily funny movie I've seen in a long time. The plot is quite simple: Racheala's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a bunch of bandits (commanded by Bobby Brown!) And, like many earlier action movies, he fastens his guns ONE LAST TIME and vows to avenge his deaths. To do this, re-submit the title Gang of Roses (apparently based on the true story of a female gang), and they go out and make revenge, and along the way is a thread or something like gold that can be buried in the city. One nice thing I will say about this movie is that from what I could say, the stars played their own tour and looked BIG galloping. <br /> <br /> The funniest (unintentionally funny) scene? Look when they introduce the figure of Stacy Dash or when the character Calhoun cancels her oath not to pin the weapon (filled with fist to the sky) or the character Lil 'Kim joking with the figure of Lisa Raye or the killed figure Stacy Dash or Lil "Kim figure convinces Lisa Raye's character to rejoin the gang or Asian character of Macy Gray's staff or hero who says "Debt is repaid", etc. With the exception of Racheal Calhoun and Bobby Brown's left eye, I do not even remember the names of other characters, because I laughed when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director went to parody and comedy, it would be a great movie. Unfortunately, he tries to take this seriously, without taking exposure, sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is very difficult to work in a piece from the era), scenography, scriptwriting or historical research (whether it is me or whether are the cleanest people with the whitest teeth in the old west?) seriously. Usually, when I see a film that is not very good, I ask myself: "Could you do something better?" This is the first time in a long time the answer is unambiguous "YES!"
