Why would anyone want to see this ?! If it was a video published on YouTube by a teenager, I could applaud a teenager by doing so much with his mom's video camera. I could also congratulate my family and friends for a good job. Unfortunately, it was created by a very experienced filmmaker and they were clearly professional actors - making this very, very sad movie. Sad ... and very pathetic. As I mentioned, it has a specific look directly on the video. It also has a narrative and acting, which just shout "non-professionals" - how is that possible ?! The film is filled with many corpses and blood. Usually it discourages me altogether because I hate extremely brutal movies and I do not like to see it all. However, considering that none of this is so realistic, it is bearable. However, I should warn you that there are several scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, a scene with a kid throwing a radio into the bathtub of a woman and watching her naked and fried is very bad. There are also scenes in which one can hear psychic thought when they fantasize about killing women. With a level of misogyny that is quite awful. the people who wrote this are quite sick - how killing women is meant for our entertainment. <br /> <br /> After a few senseless murders, the film goes to the table in the dining room - around which there are a bunch of balls in black hoods WITHOUT eye openings! They talk with pride about all the murders that they committed and chant. It's very funny, although I'm not sure if it was the purpose of this scene. <br /> <br /> Then the movie is about various sexual crimes and killings, and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because people have made it happen to this kind of nonsense. And once again you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a terrifying man with a German appearance who follows people and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering the movie that I need to set up professional actors, I was wondering why so many people were chosen who were clearly Germans. While they tried to act like Americans, and the movie was supposed to be in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German audience watched this and wondered how "realistic" it was, but it is obvious to every American that these people are not their countrymen! Given that he really was the killer of the zodiac (who has never been captured), I wonder why anyone would like to do something like a "fan movie" for a sick man ?! I mean ... was this movie supposed to be snuff movie for perverts? I just do not see anyone else who would like to see it or enjoy it. Actually, I wonder what would motivate someone to do such a stupid and offensive movie ?! Worthless and deserving of the IMDb's Bottom 100 list.
