Well, as Goethe once said, it makes no sense to make a negative judgment that is supposed to be objective in "something that had a great effect." "La Maman et La Putain" has certainly gone down in history as an influence on many activities undertaken in France and elsewhere in the last thirty years and certainly no one interested in the story of the film should be discouraged from watching it. To express a purely subjective judgment, however, I feel compelled to disagree with almost every review posted here and tell people: "Do not watch this, it's a waste of hours of your time that just makes you feel sick and angry." I do not mean "sick and angry" about "human condition" or anything so general and deep, because this is exactly the line that most critics took in their full praise for the film - "try to look at his ruthless partition of our emotional "cowardice and cruelty," and so on - and if he was really able to convey a message that is universally or even broadly relevant, then the director would have reasons to be content with himself, however pessimistic his conclusions might be. My relationship with this movie is rather that I do not see that hourly record of empty vanity and petty betrayal justified or justified by any GENERAL essential message. All three main heroes are deeply morally unattractive individuals: Alexandre to the greatest degree, of course, because most we see him and because he rarely closes for more than thirty seconds; Marie may be the least because we see the smallest of them. Alexandre's alarmed and pretentious monologues have, of course, something like entertainment, but amusement fades when we realize that Jean-Pierre Léaud probably does not even work, with absurd remarks such as "un homme beau comme un film" de Nicholas Ray ", he really just reproduced the word-for-word reviews that were accepted as authentic and deep by the environment in which he, along with director Eustache, had lived for about ten years making the movie. I suppose if a tone of constant superficiality and triviality was supported by 100% of the film, it could act as a long sardonic comedy with a particularly shallow, worthless and despicable post-68 environment, which however made the viewer dissatisfied with the director at least, admitting to Alexandre and Veronica at least one long a scene in which we are clearly expected to sympathize with them and feel it e if they would share a moral world with us If a man can escape from a flat in an apartment and confess that he loves one woman, sleep (mainly in this very flat) with another, and run around Paris proposing a marriage with another third, well, I suppose I can wish him good luck in the world of dogs he chose for himself. However, I can not listen in my conscience for a moment to fool the monologues from him in which he talks about his "anxiety" and "despair". The same is doubled for even more vile Veronica, who we show how drunken drunks into the apartment, and even the bed shared by Marie and Alexandre and behaving there with infantile inconsistency synonymous with the most cruel and soulless cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" is nothing more than a portrait of Alexandre, Veronica and Marie, three people whom even a decent person would never admit to his company, let alone home, I suppose that there is some legitimacy in praising the director for being "unwavering" (though why someone should even feel "shuddering" when someone deliberately decided to create such deterrent characters to watch the film, I can not imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and it seems that he managed to convince the generation of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are somehow representative of people in general and for the limits of the emotional possibilities of human beings. This last idea is nonsense and offensive. Indeed, there can be inborn fallibility and a tendency towards tragedy in interpersonal relations in general, and sexual relations in particular. But the nature and degree of this fallibility and inclination to tragedy can only be determined by people who sincerely and seriously try to make such relationships work. Certainly he does not need a film or author's genius to tell us that a man who behaves like Alexandre will end up being hated, unhappy and lonely, or that women who insist on waiting for love from a man like Alexandre will end disappointed and disappointed bitter. Watch "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in culture and interpersonal interaction in a Parisian environment after 1968, which probably was not limited to a few particularly anti-social types like these. But please do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has a general meaning for humanity in the way that Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese can be ordered.
