First of all, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie to 1 star in 10 is that there is no option to NOT give any stars! it's really so bad! I never wanted to see this movie after I saw the commercials of this movie. I ended up seeing him only by accident, because some of my friends had tickets and they had one spare, so I marked him. Before I saw him, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be brilliant - the assumption seemed too stupid and stupid to get anything good out of it, but deep down I thought "but there must be something good that UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson are doing with this movie ... "not that I think that some of them are particularly great, but they are stars with big names that normally only make films that will improve their reputation. However, after about 10-20 minutes I realized that the movie was probably worse than I initially assumed. I was shocked at how horrible the script was. It really gave the NIC actors something to work, so much so that they really did not look like they knew what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw an ad, you almost saw the movie! And there was nothing original about it - it borrows quite a lot from every "superhero" story that has ever been, which would be acceptable if the film was set as a satire of this genre, but unfortunately it was not. The direction seemed real. I had the impression that the director wanted the film to be completely realistic and not satirical at all, but in the film there were moments so unbelievable that it would work if it was a satire. At some point in the movie, two characters seem to die, and one of the surviving heroes has a line "Well, she's dead ... it's time to go on," and he says it in such a loud voice that it does not make sense. I checked my watch after about 40 minutes to see how long I would have to sit through it. And then it struck me ... I started to think, "I'm wondering if the studio has made this picture a test to see if they can do the worst possible movie ever made, and still get a big audience ..." Think of any other reason, for which this movie would be made. In the case of films to be made nowadays, the script goes into a mass show process and very few scripts actually go to the production stage ... I can not understand how it went through the first working stage ... By the end, and extremely stupid, stupid climax Ly, I was laughing heartily - just not what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh, but instead, how absurd and stupid this movie was. Thank God that I did not have to pay to see it ... because it would really irritate me !!! Oh, can I add that two Wilson brothers always preferred Luke, because I think he is a better, more versatile actor ... but if he wants to go even further into the shadow of OWENA, this is exactly the way to do it ... I doubt if he will get much more job offers after those poor 2-hour wastes !!! and remember that he only got a generous 1/10, because I could not choose 0!
