It's easy to see how the average scenario below survived early sales meetings at Regency Films (and later with Fox): cross the superhero genre with a comedy image of "Fatal Attraction" ... voilà! I do not know how a talented director like Ivan Reitman got involved on Earth, unless the reward was too tempting. An employee without data in an architectural design company at N.Y.C. meets a girl in the subway and asks her; despite being dispersed and unpleasant, he finally takes her to bed - only to find out later that he is a superhero from Big Apple, G-Girl. This Superman superman, with the powers given him by a fallen meteorite, is not a heroine of fantasy, but ... writer Don Payne conceived it as a needy, possessive, vengeful bitch (although telegraphing to us from a distant distance Uma Thurman still plays the role of sassy laughter) . This is such a worthless movie that can not allow an insult. Our introduction to the main character, Luke Wilson, talking with Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by acid digging in gays (he encourages us to be sure that these two buddies are exclusively women). After approaching the nemesis G-Girl, who wants to break off his powers, Wilson was told that this would make her an ordinary woman despised ... and is not it better? Thurman's early performances in films such as "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" showed an intelligent woman with angular grace and hypnotic temperament; her films with Quentin Tarantino helped reveal her brief hardness and intensity, but that had its price (the actress apparently lost her grateful touch). The picture is exceptionally well produced and filmed, with expensive special effects, but no one took the trouble to find humor in this scenario. It is intrusive, defiant, ugly and poorly manned. Wilson, with a distended, frozen face, can not tell his colleagues that he is dating a G-Girl because she told him to swear that he would rather have the chainsaw stuck in his rectum. I wonder if the writer Payne really thought it was hilarious ... or even if somebody got involved? * with ****
