Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who seems to be a quiet but pretty woman, though she soon finds out she is needy and possessive, oh, and also a superhero G -Girl, though you would not recognize it after the things he's doing to Matt after he's gone crazy and breaks up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by a mediocre execution. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a nice comedy, but is too much based on cheap sexual jokes and ends with an unforgettable experience. What went wrong? The cast and the director were not able to overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like the way they played. I was expecting this guy to be a jerk, and it could have been a revenge movie for women. However, they made the guy nice and made the superhero become a psycho. It just was not fresh and after about forty minutes the movie disappeared. Sure, there were some funny lines, but the weak middle and terrible ending kept him from exploding. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost contact. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties, he began to make nonsense, such as Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say that my Super Ex-Girlfriend is a complete bust, but I do not appreciate it for any quality of the film that is not too big. Don Payne did a terrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were poor, and most of the support characters were just one note. He used many of the same jokes again, which made it very boring. <br /> <br /> Several actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was great as a G-Girl and had many fun lines. Luke Wilson was a bit pale and not very interesting. I do not think he is an attractive top man and he plays secondary roles better than in The Family Stone. Anna Faris just routinely did "The Scary Movie" and gets a bit old. I need a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is a hit or miss for me. She was great at Monster-In-Law and she was angry at Clerks 2. Here she is just annoying and brings nothing to the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not terrible, but it had so much potential, and the end result was so average. Rating 5/10
