SIEDEM PUNKTÓW: EMOCJONALNIE PŁASKI, ILOGOGICZNY, MORALNIE ROZRYWKI <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I was curious about the original title and after some research I learned that it refers to the Shakespeare Shakespeare Merchant, where Shylock moneylender makes a terrible bond with the merchant Antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his body in case he is unable to repay your debt. While the Italian translation makes the Ben's plan something deeply human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, though cultivated enough that no one would notice it, makes something cold, rational, deep in relation to the body rooted in the physical side of man. Unfortunately, I think that the true quality of Ben's plan is revealed in the original title: it is a cold machination whose purpose is to "pass" part of his body, but without authentic human empathy, at least the audience is not given the chance to see or perceive any pure soul relationship in the entire film. The only exception is a love story with a girl who seems to be a kind of unprogrammed incident that Ben comes to, but unable to convey a real emotional commitment. I really did not like the idea behind the film: the idea that a man, however absorbed in the pain caused by the death of his beloved and other people he caused himself, makes a decisive decision to compensate for the sense of guilt through suicide: except that it is unlikely, it does not make sense. I would like and think that it would be more positive if, in the end, Ben decided to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and live on, thus helping the same people, and maybe even others, standing next to them and helping them through his presence. Of course, he would not save their lives: it would probably cause more suffering, but I think it could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to God's creation in seven days (which, incidentally, according to the Bible, it's six!): What does this mean? And what about a woman suffering from a heart disease that prevents her from running, and even singing without a bad mood, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling how he should be, destroyed by the death of his wife and donation organs and pieces of his body, seems that he does not feel so much tested both emotionally and physically because of his weakened condition? The film is saved by good acting, but the rest is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from human and emotional.
