Contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson made great films, in particular "Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear", but "Country Dance" is one of his more interesting proposals. The story takes place in the upper classes of rural Scotland and describes the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, the eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister Hilary, and the distant husband of Hilary Douglas, who hopes to reconcile with her. We learn that Charles was considered a "low moral fiber" during his career as an army officer. It seems that it was an accurate diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film, he shows a grim disappointment with the world, and his main sources of emotional support seem to be Hilary and his bottle of whiskey. The film ends with a commitment to a hospital for crazy people in a higher class. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was when he was in the best shape, as in "Lawrence of Arabia", one of the leading British actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and "Country Dance" is not one with his better movies. He abuses feverishly, making Charles a caricature of a useless inbred aristocrat, as if he were listening to a sketch in Monty Python's sketch "Upper Class of the Year." Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are rather better, but the film does not have a really great acting performance. There is also a coherent plot that goes beyond the story of Charles's inexorable slide down. <br /> <br /> The main problem in the film is not acting or plot, but rather a Theme that does not dare to speak its name. There are half-suggestions about the incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least of his incestuous appeal to him, and his dislike of Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the sixties and seventies (the film's date is variously reported as 1969 or 1970) there was a limit to what the British Film Censors' Council was willing to allow, and the film with a clearly incestuous motive was definitely inaccessible. (The American movie title was "Brotherly Love," but it was not used in Great Britain, was it too suggestive for BBFC's preference?) That's why these tips have never been developed and we will never see what motivates Charles or what caused his moral downfall, the result of which was an empty movie with a hole in the middle. 4/10
