If you're renting a movie called "Exterminators of the year 3000", the chances are good, you know what you're getting into. I myself have been sold by promising descriptions of "nuclear mutants", "motor-psychos" and, of course, the "exterminators" themselves, who, as shown in the back of the movie shop, are devastated around a post-apocalyptic barren wasteland sowing chaos. Let the crazy hijinky and low budget buffoon - at least that was my hopes for this "movie". <br /> <br /> Now I like a scary movie sometimes, and if you're reading comments about the Exterminators of the Year 3000, you probably do. Having said that, I rated this movie as a solid "1 (horrible)" - not because I completely hated the movie, but because it is one of the most justified horrible film making efforts I've ever seen. Dialogue, acting, cinematography, sound editing, editing in general, story, etc. Etc. - all are worth what certainly has to be low viewers' expectations, taking into account this great title. > <br /> So what's really "good" in this bad movie? He has several of what my circle affectionately describes as "killing quality." High-quality murder, for those few who do not know the phrase, is not a hard and fast term, but generally refers to someone killed in a particularly macabre, creative or funny way. <br /> <br /> The exterminators of the Year 3000 also have a good supply of "dialogue-so-bad-it's funny", assured largely by Crazy Bull, the aptly-named leader of the unhappy motor-psycho gang - which incidentally provides also the most about quality killings (if you're hoping for big things from nuclear mutants, think again, they play essentially zero parts in the movie ... shucks!). Crazy Bull is anything you can ask for in the motor-psycho b-movie. The Shakespeare paraphrase and the bizarre PG style insults are all they can say ... and that's great. <br /> <br /> Despite the high quality of murders and bad dialogue, if you're looking for a truly entertaining bad movie, Exterminators of the Year 3000 is disappointed that his draw is limited to such things as stupid and obsolete special effects, killing quality and bad dialogue, it's just not enough to justify the full length of the function, mainly due to forty minutes or so, in which the audience is forced to follow the heroes in long and boring car chases and long desert sequences of wanderings ... In total, quite a good movie, but hey, this is not Death Race 2000.
