Jeffrey Combs is a crazy scientist whose research on stem cells has evolved into a diabolical plan to create a hybrid lifeform of a humanoid shark with a hammer, hoping to grow a completely new species using the tail of Hunter Tylo. It will not be easy for Tylo, and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, will not give her back without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see that Tylo and Forsythe are two business directors of Arthur. Roberts employees, brilliant minds who meet Combs (... a scientist who once worked for Roberts, and whose vacant post went to Tylo) in his fortress on the island, where he conducts his research and experiments. This island gives him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and "son." They believe that this is a professional matter with regard to the breakthrough in stem cell research, which can lead to the cure of various diseases. The son of Combs was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to do his crazy learning on him, creating this thirsty blood, a carnivorous being who can swim and walk on dry land (though initially the hammer could only stay outside for short periods). Tylo was dating the son of Combs, hence the connection, except for those who worked for Roberts, who took his wife's trophy, Maria Ignatowa. Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova are accompanied by their colleagues Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs catches them in the conference room, but they are able to escape to the island when he sends his well-paid mercenary and son a hammer shark after them. <br /> <br /> Like similar features of a sci-fi channel of this type, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has rather unattractive computer-generated effects, and attacks (... where the shark tears the limbs) are shot in fast editing, crazy camera format in which it is difficult for you to see any of the bloody slaughters. You have such a vague idea that someone is eaten (... torn to pieces), but the attacks themselves are shot in a very irregular way, which, telling the truth, is rather annoying. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, only temporary flashes of the eye or parts of the body are bitten when the victim screams in terror. One thing is for sure, you see teeth. We take photos of a cgi hammer shark flowing towards the screen, all dangerous, ready to feast on the body. It is constant when the victims (... and after) are attacked, we see a large amount of blood and pieces of meat gurgling on the surface of the water (... this is the main tip of the director Michael Oblowitz to inform the viewer that torn apart from the goners). <br /> <br /> Combs do not crash into a new place as a scientist, but he was always able to pass a silent craze under this cold-blooded resolution. It's nice to see Forsythe in the rare role of the hero, very against the type as an electronic wizard (... in his favor, he really pulls him away) who has to take the lead when the group faces an unprecedented threat. Tylo also plays a very different role, a scientist who can defend himself well. Roberts can play the role of a businessman-millionaire in a dream, and it's quite nice when he sees him firing a machine gun at Combs's soldiers (though his fate is not pleasant). Remembering it, it was really fun watching Forythe and Tylo the mercenaries hired by Combs with the help of confiscated automatic machine guns. As expected, the scenario allows those who created the murderous devil to put themselves in unnecessary danger so that they can pay for their sins ... seriously, would these people deliberately leave themselves so vulnerable to the attack after seeing what damage human anatomy did, which she could do? Beautiful exotic surroundings is a pretty background.
