Where the hell are all the unknown islands where prehistoric monsters lurk, bad doctors carry out experiments, madmen keep the highest karate championship, and rich rich people hunt people for sport? I did not know that there are still many unexplored islands, but if you take into account the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands as a location, you would have to assume there are at least 50 of them there. It always looks so damn comfortable and I immediately deduct points from every movie that uses this device. Hammerhead is a story of a mad scientist who conducts experiments on one of these unknown islands, so the film had much to catch up before it even began. <br /> <br /> The island in this movie was once owned by Dr. Moreau, but was recently purchased by Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is researching stem cells, which led him to work with sharks in search of a cancer drug. If it sounds familiar, it's because it's roughly the same basic set as the smart shark device in the Deep Blue Sea, not to mention many other Nu Image movies. Apparently, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer, prompting our crazy doctor to start experimenting on his offspring. He did something like super fancy genetic splicing and so on, turning his son into a shark. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe leads a team of unknown actors to the island to look into the doctor's experiments. If someone gave him a sailor cap, William would be a dead bell for the captain on Gilligan Island. Typically, Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all these intruders would make a nice friend for their son. Not buddies, like buddies ... buddy, like shark eating. So go to the shark-boy who begins to persecute Skipper and his cohorts on the whole island. They, of course, take mindless attempts to escape and are repeatedly thwarted, being chased by a guy in a rubber shark costume. <br /> <br /> The movie did not consist of any points that he lost on one of these deserted islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, which made me think of an old joke. Why do you hit the head with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. It's like this movie. The only reason to watch this is that it feels so good when it's over.
