The "saucy" adventures of four au pairs who arrive in London on the same day in the early 1970s. She is a Swedish girl, Danish, German and Chinese. The story aims to get rid of all the clothes, engaging them in the humor of Carry On and combining them with various differences from the British film and television culture of that time, including the star of Man About the House Richard O'Sullivan, the future of Rogacz from Johnny Korona Street Briggs and the steadfast movie of horror Ferdy Mayne (playing the sheikh). There is quite a risky amount of feminine nudity, for those who like such things (but of course nothing hardcore). <br /> <br /> Most of the film is quite thin and irrelevant; girls are stereotypes, and German Anita especially suffers from some kind of infantilization - she is a moron who is obsessed with color television, who acts as a kind of uninhibited child and dress to deliberately show her private parts; in another major movie, she would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the movie is that the Swede is taken to a club in London, where some suspect types are still trying to swing, seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing her virginity and realizing that the scene is not for her. These sequences have some energy and point to a more intriguing movie than we have finished, in which the debauchery and misery of musical business and higher classes live a soulless and dingy life (there is a great turn of John Stoująca as a powerless roué of a public school). The strangest of these stories is that the Chinese girl (future veteran of Me Me Lay's cannibal movie) goes out with her childhood wonderful piano employer, falling in love with each other and then going out in the middle of the night for no reason, except some oriental view that "Chinese the birds are impenetrable, right? The film is very demeaning to women, and dialogue and homophobia are one of the hallmarks of this film. The end is striking, like Sheikh Mayne with no earthly reason (except that they have to finish the movie somehow), he takes all the girls to his Arab kingdom for what looks like the whole world like a future in white slave trade, which they all are delighted. <br /> <br /> Stuff and nonsense in most cases, but directed with a lot of skill by veteran Val Guest, who puts it as a piece of film making, clipping above most sexploitation cinema from the 70s of the twentieth century.
