I caught this film at the Edinburgh film festival. I did not hear much about it; only that it was a thriller with a tight pace, shot digitally at a very low budget. I was hoping to catch another big Brit-Flick. But I must say that I was very disappointed. "This Is Not A Love Song" follows two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and killing a young farmer's daughter, become entangled in the deadly game of cats and mice when the locals decide to take matters into their own hands and hunt them down. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of the parent style in the British film. Camera angles and editing are completely against history, as are the best results and the frightening use of slow motion, which only serves to make the whole look like expensive home video. There are repeated attempts to give the film a sharp and rough look, which instead becomes funny and unbearable (Cue is a pathetic, obligatory drug scene and innumerable, senseless camera zooms). No phrase like this can hide the fact that it is a pretty bad story. <br /> <br /> We have seen this kind of thing many times and have done it hundreds of times better, especially at John Boorman's masterful "Liberation." But while in this last movie, we really cared about the heroes, in this movie I wanted them to be hunted and killed as soon as possible. Even that would not be so bad if their opponents were terrifying or valuable, but instead are just a collection of stereotypical, inbred peasants. Another offensive, abusive phrase appears again. There are certainly nice people in the country, filmmakers? <br /> <br /> In his defense, "This Is Not A Love Song" contains some good, tense moments, but it's hard to see this movie anything other than going directly to the video, or, interestingly, getting a very limited edition cinema. This is not a patch from last year's Low-Budget movie pursued in the "Dog Soldiers" hills. Maybe the British cinema could start again if the appropriate money would stop reaching the wrong people.
