To understand where this A STAR IS BORN from 1976 comes from, consider this: its final number is sung by Barbra Streisand in a seven-minute and forty-second close-up, followed by another two-and-a-half-year frame by Mrs. Streisand - striking a pose similar to Christ - behind final points. More than ten uninterrupted minutes of Barb's characteristic dead face, filling the big screen with an uncompromising ego. It may be a movie recording. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: The story of this musical revolves around the romance of two musical stars, while Streisand's songs are performed entirely - including the never-ending finale - her costume Kris Kristofferson can not finish even one song, which he does. Does she, however, not allow him to support several of her songs, or indeed sing a duet. <br /> <br /> Or consider this: Streisand's name appears in subtitles at least six times, including recognition for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her wardrobe) - and she allegedly wanted, but also did not get credit for directing. One of her achievements was the role of executive producer, with the producer's loan for her then-boyfriend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. Therefore, Streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why he is obsessed with skewing the film towards her. What he does not explain is how it happened, given every opportunity for The Great Diva to look good, their efforts make Streisand look bad. Even though it was one of the biggest blockbusters of Streisand, it's probably her worst movie and it contains her worst performance. <br /> <br /> Anyway, moving the melodrama from Hollywood to the world of sex-drugs and rock 'n'roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, pop singer on the road to fame, who shares a quick track on time with John Norman Howard Kristofferson, a hard rocker going off the ramp to Has-beenville. In previous incarnations of this story, "Norman Maine" sacrifices his leadership career to help the novice "Vicky Lester" succeed. In the feminist seventies, Streisand & Co. they want to make it clear that their heroine does not owe anything to the man, so the trajectory is distorted; succeed with or without him, and he is almost at the bottom of the first scene; it is a burden that must endure in the name of love. Consequently, there is an obvious effort that a leading lady not only be harder but almost ruthless, while her lover comes out as a cunning twit. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson reviews the film with credible indifference to the material; not trying to give the performance too much, and what's strange, it serves well its aimless, apathetic character. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show a single moment of honesty on its screen all its time. Everything he does seems, if not too rehearsed, at least too controlled. Even her apparent libations seem awkwardly planned, and her moments of alleged hysteria are mechanically cold. They both do not have chemistry, which makes the central affair unbelievable. It can be assumed that his character sees in it the symbol of his disappearing youth and innocence, although at the age of 34 Streisand does not seem particularly young or naive. The only possible attraction that he could offer her is that he can use it as a faster way to fame. And indeed, if the film had the courage to play in such a way that Streisand's character would play the villain openly, the film could have had a spark and perhaps a reason to exist. <br /> <br /> But perhaps the filmmakers see Esther as a nice victim; they do not seem to be aware of how much he is absorbed in cold blood and self. But sensitivity is not one of the strengths of the film: pay attention to a small joke about giving Barbra two African Americans that the film could be devoted to lame racism, calling the trio The Oreos. And the movie shows that Esther retains his ethnic identity, using his name Hoffman, but the filmmakers changed the name of the previous movie hero from "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand would not be burdened with a name that is too Jewish or too unattractive. So much about ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> Behind the scenes and talking about behind the scenes, which followed the premiere of the movie, there is almost a legend, so the fact that the film looked so polished is unusual. Nominal director Frank Pierson seems to have provided the raw material for a good film, with the help of the operator ace Robert Surtees. And the movie served its purpose by creating an album with good pop music (including the Oscar-winning "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Streisand). But in general, the film turned out to be the only thing Streisand allegedly said he did not want it to be a vanity project.
