I think everyone likes Jerry Springer in the darkest, thinnest part of the heart. While his show is undeniably offensive and stupid, it gives us a chance to see that relatively most of us have it really well. When you look at a caravan park where you drink "dollar" whiskey, incest love people at the Springer show, it makes even your worst day look like a walk in the park. Jerry performs public service and we should be grateful. He gave up his political career to organize a show, just for us. <br /> <br /> We should not be grateful for the piece of "Ringmaster" rubbish. "Ringmaster" shows what the life of people who are guests of the series looks like, or at least we think so. The film follows the required story Springer: Love triangles. One triangle concerns Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The second is Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When two unfortunate groups meet in Los Angeles, their lives intertwine and collide head-on, culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer series. It's as if "Short Cuts" would be if Robert Altman had a serious addiction. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is faithful to the show because it is stupid and offensive from beginning to end. I am also very happy that I do not live in the misery that the characters do. But the movie has a problem. This is a comedy, but it is not too funny. What laughs is few. Maybe some people are watching and laughing all the time. If you think that blows and rape are funny, you are probably one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the movie in absolute delight over the painful horrors of life in white rubbish. <br /> <br /> Jerry Springer Show is not intended to jump the TV on a silver screen. What's fun in an hour-long show (less when you count ads) will not necessarily be fun in a ninety-minute movie. Movies must tell a story, and this is something that "Ringmaster" has problems with. History is trivial. There are so many fictional holes and continuity errors that every attempt to tell a coherent narrative quickly separates. And even if there were no problems, how much joy can be drawn from the stereotypical history in stereotypical history? Even the Hollywood formula could not improve it. "Ringmaster: it's so bad that he even screwed up the best part of the Springer: The Final Thought series. In some way, even the wisest and simplest aspect of the show has grown stronger than the weird women on which the movie is built. /> <br /> The worst perpetrator in all of this is Springer himself, who is such a bad actor that he can not even convince himself. Watching Springer in Springer is sad. It's like he wanted to "What if Woody Allen played the vibe of Jerry Springer and he did not make it. Pitifully. He took the trouble to cause this disaster, or at least he could do it better. <br /> <br /> Not that I say that everyone else in this movie made an award-winning performance. On the contrary. Everyone is sucked. It is not so surprising that no one in this film has reached the size. The best of them was if Molly Hagan landed a sitcom with Nickelodeon. Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem with hiring a woman who played the worst 9-0 movie to play in a children's program. This makes you wonder what other adults have done on this channel in the past. <br /> <br /> Here are my last thoughts: Here we have a group of people with no respect for each other and a man with the money to burn who met and gathered their resources to create a film that shows how much they hate and how little they think about the intelligence of the viewers. Should we accept people who make movies that treat us like heavy, brain-damaged clods of goo? I say no. Somewhere in this crazy, confused world is the perfect movie for each of us. We just have to look for him. Until next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never watch "Ringmaster".
