I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would have been better if it was, because at least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II), interested me enough to hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater came when I looked at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. It seemed much more for years. It is an endless repetition of poor people (or what Jerry Springer seems to believe poor people), pushing each other, beating each other, insulting each other, and then repeating this process with the same attention as the rest of us use when we wash shampoo. The conspiracy, which describes how a group of stupid people turn badly to deliver sharps to Jerry Springer's mill, proceeds only because of the idiocy of the heroes. It makes you not care about what will happen to them. It did not matter to me whether they got into the show or whatever they said or who they slept with. Maybe I should not care about them. Maybe I should look at them as a kind of comic - that their scandalous behavior was inherently fun. It is a pity that it is not. Humor is not outrageous. It's harmless. It's predictable. Humor must have something behind it, a kind of painful irony or life experience to function. Scatology is not a joke. Example. Mother catches her daughter and husband in bed. To get revenge, he marches through the park and gives oral sex to his daughter's boyfriend. Ever since I experienced the shock of Jerry Springer's show, I've had the same reaction to obscene nursery rhymes by Andrew Dice Clay; not laughter, just yawning. Finally, I found Springer's posture to be a populist, tiring and unconvincing one. If he were really a supporter of the poor, he would bring a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise her children in New York for $ 12,000 a year. And if it fails, at least give its participants a show of their profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for her concerts, film, book and movies. His guests simply receive a return flight ticket, hotel accommodation and a chance to humiliate themselves. If he liked poor people so much, he would give them at least some of the money he earned. It seems that Springer wanted to make this film to get a justification for himself. Jesus, thanks to all his great work, you could think that he would already deserve our respect. Anyway, the film is weak and boring. It does not even offend. If you want to have a better evening, burn a bugger for the night and watch it.
