The vampiric bat is set in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) Burgermeister organizes a meeting with inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from the local police about all recent murders, six victims discovered, exhausted from blood for weeks and wearing the same two wounds stuck on the neck. Brettschneider does not have a single clue, but the superstitious older villages believe that death is the work of a vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but horrified villagers tell stories of seeing a big bat, while the last victim of Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that the giant vampire bat is responsible, and if so, how to stop him? <br /> <br /> Director: Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was cheaper than Majestic Pictures to earn the success of two Atwill & Wray stars and their success in previous years Doctor X (1932) and is more a mystery of murder than a horror movie because the exploiting and tempting title can lead you believe, and to be honest it's rather boring. Writer Edward T. Lowe Jr. it's taken quite seriously and shows the basic story that something is killing local villagers and that something may be a vampire, most of the time the film focuses on Brettschneider and his incompetent research, which is boring, do not impose it too much. The Vampire Bat also has some identity crisis because he does not quite know what he wants, the title would suggest horror, while most of them could easily be described as a thriller with the last few minutes of going down to silly science fiction. There is no vampire bat, there are pathetic attempts to deceive, all characters are broad stereotypes and you can tell the black character of the song right away, and as a whole there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but it's not an excuse, because the cinema has moved since 1933, and a bland, flat, boring, boring and misleading movie like The Vampire Bat just does not cut it off today, just look at the original King Kong (1933) he issued the same year and how great it holds today. I did not like it and I doubt that many contemporary filmmakers also did it, it is so simple and simple. <br /> <br /> The director Strayer does not do anything special, but this is the case in which I can cut off the movie because of his age, as a whole, it's almost a point, shooting and hope for the best things. There is not much atmosphere and horror, although some of the sets that already existed, taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and the European Universal set on their back, are nice and add a certain atmosphere to things. <br /> <br /> Technically The Vampire Bat can not compare with anything even modern, because it is okay at this age, but I remind you that I pay attention to the original King Kong again. Speaking of King Kong, star Fay Wray plays a role in this, just like the horror of Lionel Atwill, I will be nice and I will say that acting is fine. <br /> <br /> The bat of vampires I imagine a lot of fool people think it's a horror of vampire bats, while in reality it's not like that, personally I thought it was all a bit boring. He is short and says that the story is quite reasonable, but I must admit that I am not a fan.
