In implementing this film, director Mary Harron apparently intended to clearly document the progress of Bettie Page's career, from the early days of modeling to moving away from modeling, to return home after hearing the Senate about juvenile delinquency and its rediscovery in the 1950s and so I really want all of these facts on the screen at a time when it seemed like she did not use the time to explain anything in depth. <br /> <br /> When you think about someone who had a Page's career, I would think that there will be a lot to discuss, its reasons, decisions, life events, personal injuries, but Harron avoids any personal exploration of the character. In the first fifteen minutes of the film there are short tips about violence against children, domestic violence and gang rape, but they are all hurried and then never mentioned again. One gets the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-writer) wanted to make up for anything that was not effective and flattering. You enter the movie, expecting you to find out who the person behind the posters is, but all you've got is a list of things that she did and reproduced some of her most-famous photo sessions. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the movie really frustrates you while watching, desperately waiting for the extra layer to appear. How did she balance her religion with work? What made this young girl from Tennessee change from modeling to slavery photography. The film simply shows her that she goes to another modeling agency and puts in what she said, but it would definitely require shock and consideration, it was after the 50's. <br /> <br /> I think Harron is trying to show how everything is tame by today's standards (Page never made any pictures of explicit sexual activities) and how the reactions of some gave this kind of thing was really over-zealous And although it's true, it never really seems disgusting in the eyes of others. Today, we're looking at a young topless girl and I do not think about anything, but we should have some feelings about how shocking it would be to contemporary audiences. This woman was the central part of hearing the Senate about juvenile delinquency, but no one is ever really shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically, I left this movie, thinking just how tamed it was. Harron and Turner managed to avoid anything that could be unpleasant to the viewer. They meet as two Miss Page fans and are desperate to make sure nothing, absolutely nothing, can shed light on their heroine, and therefore avoid any deep analysis of who she really was. (Before and after her career there are reports of her violent nature and psychological problems). Only a few events remained that were her career, without any substance.
