On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old, short-sighted woman stood trial for attempted murder of Leonie Haddad, a woman whose husband had recently died and agreed to accept a tenant who came through the housing authorities for the elderly. Haddad was not informed that her new tenant came from a psychiatric hospital in Patton, where she was imprisoned for an inexplicable knife attack on her marriage three years earlier. Haddad quickly realized that something was "rotten in Denmark" when the woman began to close herself in the bathroom using a tape recorder reciting prophecies about the "seven gods". Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she woke up, seeing that her tenant was straddling her chest, holding a bread knife, announcing that "God inspired me to kill you." Haddad managed to strike his attacker on the phone, but before she lost her finger and suffered deep cuts on her face and chest. It was a miracle that she survived. The tenant was found innocent because of madness, but sent, kicking and shouting back to the laughter academy. Ten years later, she was released and found she is now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation 25 years earlier, when she was known as "Queen of the Crooked," Tennessee Tease "and" Miss Pin Up Girl of the World "- Notorious Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> The director Mary Harron, known mainly for "American Psycho", takes us to the glory times of the legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played fairly well by Gretchen Mol), who accidentally wrote a blue print of the fetish iconography and whose influence can be detect in everything from comics to catwalks. T.N.B.P is great fun thanks to the suggestive presentation from the 1950s, in which Page, thanks to the family help of good guys and photographers, becomes the number one star in male pocket voices with titles such as Wink, Tab and Parade. Her real dream of film glory eludes her, and contact with the authorities on allegations of obscenity in 1957 is an incendiary incident that leads her to withdraw from modeling and devoting herself to God. The overall style of the film is light and frothy, and for a moment darkens, referring to the incestuous remarks of the father and sexual assault, which inexplicably seems to have no noticeable effect on her. Mol plays Page as she appears in her photos, happy, carefree and funny - even shots from captivity betray little more than good, humble incomprehension. The film ends with optimism when Page joyfully distributes the bibles in the park, not indicating the real life of unhappy marriages, personal tragedy and decency in the murderous madness that lay ahead of her; avoiding what I consider to be the core core of Page history - rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Having emerged from the decade of Page imprisonment, she found that her worship had been dominated since the mid-eighties and that she had become a huge underground icon, during which many asked "what happened to Bettie Page." The mysterious disappearance fueled the fires of many conspiracy theories, adding charm to her legend, when the global media finally caught up with her, gave no traces of her darker past and soon interviewed magazines, TV and was photographed at Playboy events with personalities like Pamela Anderson and equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She found that she is now more familiar than ever in her "years of glory," but in the splendor of this "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before the whole story came to light. <br /> <br / > The only notorious thing about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they skipped the role when it became truly known.
