"The 700 Club" must be one of the most bigoted TV programs in the history of television itself. Worse, it has been in the air since 1966, which means that thousands, if not millions of people, buy into his hatred and lies. In the lead with Pat Robertson, an unscrupulous megalomaniac founder and Christian Coalition leader, The 700 Club moves us from misinformation to misunderstanding, broadcasting news, how to like thinking and trying to convince the public that all blame for the problems of homosexuals, wiccans, spiritualists New Age, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, ecologists, NASA scientists and all who do not share their fanatical religious views. Actually, it's the best false message from "The Daily Show" or the "Weekend Update" segment of "Saturday Night Live" or from "FOX News". Of course, Pat is always the one who makes every decision, saying anything that comes to mind and does not give anyone what offends or hurts. In the meantime, he continues to take part in the fight to transform the United States into a militarized police state, causing religious errors to put his noses in everything they can, and asking for one donation after another - no less than a small dollar to become a member, incidentally - to fund Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies reprimanded by the government in the past for environmental abuse. No, it does not matter that Pat was a good friend of the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him gain such wealth; all this for the greater glory of God, you do not know? Of course, the hosts of "The 700 Club" are always happy to read the letters "written by the viewers", how they like to put it, accidentally each of them was entered in the same format and the same color of paper by "viewers" reportedly cured various ailments from the said hosts (they say they have "words of knowledge"), but NEVER appear in the program to tell what happened to them. Honestly, how can anyone take seriously seriously when using a poor recording of applause? This should make people wonder why there is no audience in the studio. <br /> <br /> A sad thing that Pat's friends and spectators do not realize or just DO NOT WANT to realize that it's the horrible things he did and he said. It's a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks on the United States of 11 September 2001 were the result of God's punishment for accepting homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, given that Pat twice publicly referred to the implementation of nuclear weapons in the State Department; I have no doubt that his wealth prevented him from being arrested for such statements. The interests of his opponents of homosexuals, single mothers and all sexual practices that he considers "sinful" are interesting, given that during the Korean War he was known for many brothels. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - you probably have a number of children born by lonely Korean mothers. Then, of course, the time has come for the assassination of Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez (not that he is holy, but still). Oh, yes, and let us not forget quickly that this "crusader for human life" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" of him, would not you say? <br /> <br /> And in case Pat forgot, I have not forgotten his little speech, which today's evangelical Christians "are treated exactly as Jews in Nazi Germany. "To be honest, comparing his" difficult situation "with the horrors of the Holocaust is almost unforgivable. Speaking of this, I must mention how he lied blatantly that homosexuality is spreading among the Nazi party in a pitiful attempt to discredit homosexuals? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted against homosexuals in the same way that they treated Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars ever. If he was Pinocchio, his nose would surround Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people still believe him every day. It's your phone, people; "The 700 Club" is one of the most, if not the only, worst program in the history of television. Evil is masked as good; this is sheepskin clothing. It's bigotry dirt that tries to look clean, nice and loving. This is a living proof that hateful, dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that this is contrary to everything that Jesus taught, and if Jesus was to reveal himself to this "club," he would not imitate them. Instead, he would punish them as the Pharisees of his time did, and he would tip the containers with the money of his teletones as he did before the synagogue in his time. All I can say is thank God that Pat did not have a chance to become president; if he did, he would be the harbinger of Armageddon - not the good side.
