I do not believe that there has ever been a more evil or bad television show in the United States like The 700 Club. They are now the equivalent of the Ku Klux Klan of the XX century. Their hatred of everything that is good, sweet, human and pure is above all understanding. Their daily, continuous attacks on millions of Americans, as well as billions of people around the world who do not share their bigotry, cruel, monstrous and totally crazy view of humanity, is more than they've ever seen a TV set. The lies that they utter and ridiculous lies that they try to convey as truth, such as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil", are so preposterous that they actually seem mentally ill, so they are lost in your fantasy. Sane people know that religion is a drug and should not become addicted to this kind of fantasy. However, the 700 Club itself is a class. They are really iconic. Although I believe in freedom of speech, they spread hatred, lies, misinformation, and such fantastic ideas go beyond all boundaries. I hope one day the American Psychiatric Association will eventually study people who are deluding themselves in this way, people who have allowed themselves to immerse themselves so deeply in the land of religion's fantasy that they no longer have any real idea of ​​reality. The treatment of such affected people is very necessary in this country, because so many people have completely lost their minds to the fantasy of religion. Club 700, however, is even more frightening when it comes to the legal definition of "worship", but because of the enormous wealth of Club 700 (deceived every day by millions of Americans trapped in their deceptive embrace) they are above the law in this country. For those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix," you know that the film was a metaphor of religion on earth: the evil who are at the top of every religion that sucks off those who have been imprisoned and cruelly abuses their own selfish goals and those millions, which are dormant in death and slowly drained from their life force, represent many people who belong to religion and who have lost all ability to perceive what is really happening around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilized times, good inhabitants of the city would run such monsters as those associated with Club 700 from the city with torches and forks. But in today's world, where people have lost all choice of their television choices, we can not get rid of the plague of the 700 Club. <br /> <br /> The TV rating system and the "V" chip on TV should also have an "R" rating for religion, so that rational people and interested parents can easily x-ray such vile intellectual and violent emotional rape as presented by Club 700 every day throughout the country, from themselves and their children.
