It's been years since Don Wilson used his knowledge of martial arts to destroy a robot that has been programmed to destroy it. He is also married to a blonde reporter (Stacie Foster), who led the rebellion in the first film, now there is a new conspiracy work that includes similar droids that frame our two heroes, and a corporation that wants to rule the world (there is no conspiracy to to accomplish everything), and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. I admit that I bought a DVD from the bargain basket that was produced by the prime minister, PM was a company specializing in jack-jack action movies (such as this one) that had lots of explosions, a small story and nothing else but a fierce action. Some of these titles were (softly) enjoyable (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 got stuck with the charismatic Don Wilson throwing. Comparing heroes of similar efforts, Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are nominated for an Oscar compared to Don Wilson. Another telling sign is that Richard Pepin directed him, who has no talent, which Joseph Merhi seems to have in creating sequences of actions that seem much more expensive than their budgets. On the other hand, both C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to obtain. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a rip off with the capital of R, there are so many thefts of better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier for even Halloween III!) That almost as Richard Pepin tries to breathe a sense of identity into pedestrian material, but without intelligent ideas, or at least a thoughtless slider of great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally no good idea that would not be borrowed from a better movie, and the supporting cast is paramount. The only exception is Tony Burton, who is a mile better than the material. It seems that Stacie Foster can be better thanks to much better material. However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 appears mainly as noisy, bland and unremarkable, like his leading man, but without real martial arts sequences you can rely on, everything is there, there are a lot of cars falling over and the same can not be replaced by bankruptcy ambition expressed here . <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of 4 (Poor)
