When they killed the character of John Amos, they killed the show. It was an important part of the information structure. You had a family history with the city center that tries to make it the best way they knew. They were poor, they were black and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too difficult. Sure James would lose his job and JJ would fail at school, but the family always managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was a strong man who earned and chastised children. Florida was a strong woman in which everyone, including James, needed an arm to cry or hug to do it. Children had personality and contribution, which made them important as a family unit. Their neighbor, Willona, ​​was also a key element because she represented not only a friend, but also a fairly close family. Things were clear, rough, funny and honest until they changed the program. James dies and JJ took over the program. <br /> <br /> Flo was still a mother, Thelma flourished, and Michael was still a warlike dwarf, but JJ was a show. It was expected that we would believe that a family without a father or an outstanding bread winner would be able to stay in the apartment. It seems to me that the payment of James did not do much for the family. They were only threatened with eviction because they said they were moving, not because nobody worked at home. I know JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael finally got a job, but come here seriously. James worked so much that you could feel him, but the others were not realists at all and a pity. <br /> <br /> JJ was a comical relief, but I felt that the show needed substance. To be funny is OK, but they had the opportunity to show the real family and what they need to survive in the real world and throw it all over a few laughter. Michael's figure almost disappeared, while the rest of the cast slipped into the shadow of JJ Evan's performance. I mean, really, here was a guy who failed in school, he was constantly slowing down and painting with money in about two episodes. James was always there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not care. <br /> <br /> Why did it take so long before he realized that the picture was what he was supposed to do? He could sell paintings on the street or work for people printing billboards and cards. (He did, but something went wrong.) Why did not he do it and why did others give up their dreams? I'll tell you why it was because they did not have a father in their lives to look after them and cheer them on and their mothers stopped supporting them. The show ceased to teach us about development, building and learning and began to teach us tricks and phrases. They should have stopped James. If a program required a father, it was this one.
