We have a classic case here. TOO MUCH patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with a very small (next to none) cinema history. Anyone ever come up with a slightly more ambitious movie project? other than ordinary dramas about agriculture-related families or long films of local comedians? everybody feels obliged to love him or even be responsible for disseminating positive reviews at the borders of countries. This is especially the case when the screenwriter / director of this particular film is already a beloved nation, because he is also the founder and vocalist of the popular rock band. "Any Way The Wind Blows" is by no means a bad movie, but it is definitely overrated (if it is possible even within a small country) and there is absolutely nothing new or even original to offer. This is essentially a Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia", and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose everyday life initially seems to be unrelated, but eventually meet in the end. The only thing that seems to combine eight heroes at first is the city of Antwerp, where everyone lives and works, but gradually the deeper relations between them become transparent and near the climax everyone gathers for the party. The main problem with "Any Way The Wind Blows", at least according to your rights, lies on the side of the character. They are really random, uninteresting and honestly do not experience anything that could be considered unusual. Probably the intention of the writer and director Tom Barman was to present the average and regular resident of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what's going on? One of the characters is fired from film projection work, another unsuccessful novelist fighting the marital crisis, two siblings recently lost their father and the most "mysterious" of them all follow the wind, wherever he goes. Several figures circulate regularly, but memories are even less. These people just revolve around very random topics (such as life in the 80s, dates and bowel movements of others) and philosophy about matters that nobody cares about. Some dialogues cause gentle chuckles, especially the interactions between two twenty-something guys from Gent, but still nothing extraordinary or even unforgettable. The film works best as a tourist film promoting Antwerp and as an extensive and versatile music document. There are several stylish and cool photos from Antwerp, where you always play beautifully, very loudly or subtly in the background. Generally speaking, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a competently made and stylish effort, but too mundane and a bit boring, and I sincerely wonder that most of its fans would even bother if it was not Flemish production.
