This film was restless, inconsistent and invented. It was also an extremely mean portrait of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (this is episode), and because the cover says that Andie McDowell played a storm in it. Was not. I'm a girl, I watched this movie with two guys and we spent an hour later shouting how bad it is. <br /> <br /> WARNING: SUMMARY OF THE PLOTS BELOW! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rather crafted story about an older woman who deals with a younger man, with a severe disapproval of her two jealous individual girls. They want her to marry a boring guy of their age who is in love with her. But she is so happy with her exaggerated puppy that you support him to show him, and he definitely decides to marry this guy. But her harpy girl, assisted by longing, prepares a conspiracy to deceive our heroine, to think that the guy is cheating on her. It works. He fights with him, runs out of the house and gets crushed by a truck (remember the movie title?) So he's dead now, two-thirds of the way through the movie. And although our heroine is the headmistress of a school that spends her time caring for girls, she apparently forgot about birth control and is pregnant. <br /> <br /> She has already broken off relations with her friends because they were so bad. Alone and pitifully decides to marry a boring guy. Did I mention that a boring guy who loves her is a pastor? She asked him to marry her to the young guy (nice, eh?), But now he tells him he's going to marry him and apparently he does not mind being mad. But her friends save her at the altar and take her home, where they will not admit that they are mostly responsible for the fact that her life's love has been broken. Has a child. In the last scene, they leave her in the cot at her home when they go out to the porch to drink, smoke and be satisfied. I'm not kidding, it's so bad. I omitted the part regarding the red herring of the cancer and the absurd moment of lesbian harpies.
