I almost left, but I paid my money, and my almost disgusted friend wanted to stop. After captivating, wide open innocence "A New Hope" and the exciting sophistication of "The Empire Strikes Back", I remember waiting for "Return of the Jedi" with almost painful anticipation. But from the initial scene of this offensive commercial sewage I was bitterly disappointed and angry at Lucas. He should have been ashamed, but this abomination undeniably proves that there is no subatomic particle of shame in his cold, greedy heart. Episode I would continue to strengthen this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please, first give the barf bags to the jury members). <br /> <br /> From the first lift of the Jabba Lair gate, this "movie" was nothing more than a two-month commercial for so many licensed, profitable action figures, as Lucas could get involved - with a pig guard, a Hokeyian braid, wicked muppet-pet from Jabba, new and recycled cabaret characters, monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum. Then they were disgustingly cute and commercial Ewoks. Arrange on top of all foreign rebel allies. Fifteen seconds each on the screen (or less) and kids just GOTTA have one to their collection. Glaring, exploiting financial lures children are bland. <br /> <br /> Lucas did not even bother to come up with a new story - he just exhumed the Death Star from "New Hope" and took part in a load of cheap sentiments. What a frightening blow to the face of your fans. I can not get rid of the conviction that Lucas took the perverse pleasure of asking this fancy to his fans: "I have these lemmings hooked so badly that I can throw away the worst piece of stinky, rotten garbage that I could dream about and gather in theaters, to pull them up, and all kids will whimper and torture their parents until they buy the brats a complete set of figures from every accidental, undeveloped caricature I've packed, and I get a clipping from each of them. It will make me even more obscenely rich. <br /> <br /> It can be a miserable, partial handful of redemption moments in this unfortunate rip-off. It seems to me that I remember that Harrison Ford barely managed to keep his nose above the surface of the cesspool. But any small bright point can be destroyed by the offensive commercialism that Lucas so enthusiastically accepted in this total, absolute sale of profit.
