Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare begins as a sleepy demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the edge of Springwood without remembering who she is and why she is there. The local police pick him up and take him to a youth center where he is interviewed by a childhood psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane), and finds a newspaper in his pocket that leads two at Elm Street in Springwood, where they discover that they do not live there, and that's why no Freddy's victims kill anyone. Everything turns out to be Freddy's complicated plan to find her daughter and use her to escape from Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy cares about, and some children decide that they have to kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Director: Rachel Talalay was made with the intention of being the ultimate nightmare The movie Elm Street, which by then reached five years, of course, as horror fans know, if you can still earn money from a franchise or character, there is no way Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is in hell. one that was obviously not. The "A Nightmare on Elm Street" series was a series of diminishing profits, because the films fell in quality as the series progressed, until we arrived here, and Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, which for my money is probably the worst of many them. The film moves at a reasonable pace and is rarely boring, but it is so stupid, childish and resembles a cartoon scene with some horrible horror scenes that seem to be millions of miles from Wes Craven's cheerful and effective original. The sequence in which Stoner Spencer is imprisoned in the video game played by Freddy is terrible in itself, but then we are treated like the arrows of his body back in reality reflecting back home from wall to wall and from floor to ceiling, which is the most absurd thing I've seen in a while, and maybe early scenes when kid John Doe falls off the plane, like the Coyote cartoon in Road Runner cartoons or the absurd sight of Freddy threatening deaf Carlos who is about to drop on the floor to make a loud noise or when he finally kills it, scratching the board with knives. You can not take it seriously and just sat there, not really believing what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero receives a secret, powerful special weapon, yes, it's true, two cardboard 3D glasses! The characters are weak, the dialogue is bad, the story is misleading, it does not adhere to the continuity of Elm Street and generally it's a bit of a mess, the best thing I can say about it is that it has quite a bit of unintentional humor and you can definitely laugh about it. <br /> <br /> The film has serious tonal problems because it tries to be dark, frightening and sinister, but it is so stupid and it just looks funny, sometimes any attempt seriously falls completely flat. There is not much blood in it, there are some cut off fingers, a few stabs with a knife, someone falls on a bed with nails and that's it. The number of torso here is extremely low, and only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare was actually shot in the 3-D, although the version I saw presented this part as normal, so I can not comment on how it works or does not work, but you can definitely see the shots, that are to be seen in 3-D, which use this process. Special effects are different, some are pretty good, while others are terrible, and Freddy's burned make-up looks pretty bad this time. <br /> <br /> It obviously had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it had a box for the weekend), the office is $ 12,000,000), and the movie has some cool visual touches and gags, making it feel even more cardboard than it is already. Acting is very weak from the main characters, although there are some strange scenes, including Tom Arnold and Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of the whole series, and apart from the unintentional value of laughter, there is not much to command or joy. Fans of the series will probably like it and defend it, but for me it is so far from the original classic shocking Wes Craven. Then New Nightmare (1994), who tried to take Freddy Krueger and the show in a new and different way.
