Actually, no, but they certainly did it, trying to come up with a single line that adequately summarizes how awful this entry is in the show. There were moments that could be good, but they mostly prevail due to their own conversion to lost opportunities and do not let me start with evil. <br /> <br /> The wasted possibilities are quite obvious, but I will summarize them here in case someone cares. Anyone who has not seen the film and is genuinely throwing it is recommended to stop reading at this moment. The first and potentially the biggest wasted opportunity was the conspiracy with Freddy's long-lost child. Extreme mental illness, which Freddy suffers (and I can accelerate to add that less than one percent of psychiatric patients pose a threat to other people, leave in this area alone) is a HERITAGE, so why there is no mysterious slass in which Lisa Zane dreams about Freddym killing teens, only later we discover that she actually kills? Sounds like a good story idea? Of course, it was over the heads of Talalay and De Luc. <br /> <br /> Then there is a trip to Springfield, where all the youth have been erased, and the rest of the adults experience some kind of mass psychosis. What's funny, the aforementioned mass psychosis was actually presented in a realistic and convincing way, although it has a lot to do with the fact that we're never shown too much. We only get short visual clues about a huge loss of connection with the reality that would result from the sadness of every young child in a dying city for reasons that are incomprehensible and unrelated to control. The basic problem with this element of the story, however, is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without real answers. This collection of scenes would be much more unpleasant thanks to ten minutes of saying ... one sensible citizen explaining to these guests why the Springfield fair looks like a horror movie. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror movies are never recorded when it comes to their character development, unless they are the horrors that John Carpenter directed, but how should we really care about it when characters that we know almost nothing, they die? At least Wes Craven took the time to set his characters in the original and used some cheap tricks to attract the audience. This, in short, is probably the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead: it just does not try anything, leave it alone enough. <br /> <br /> In a similar vein, I am a bit sorry about Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inseparably connected to Freddy's character. He played much better characters in much better productions (eg Miniseries science fiction "V") and forever remembered as "the man who played Freddy" sells it for a short time. It looks like he will never break the form of horror movies again. As for the rest of the cast, I think their performances speak for themselves here. They deserve to remain permanently as little more than props of class B horror. Even Yaphet Kotto will not escape this unscathed, because his character is one of the most childishly written in the history of films. <br /> <br /> In total, Freddy's Dead he gets 1 from me. I would vote lower, but IMDb does not allow it. FD is really testimony to how the writer's inability to use the concept to the full extent can ruin not only the film, but the entire franchise.
