* May contain Spoilers * A few weeks after I wrote the review for Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that I could have been a bit too harsh in this movie. That's why I decided to do something I had never done before. Review the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's a thrill, and I still think that the zombies do not look like zombies. The story in the film is still in my opinion weak and rather poor. The story of a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (it just happens to work on a serum that heals ill cells in animals) and his brother Germaine, these two are not exactly on the best terms (my, my original thread role-playing) and argue a lot. One day, Germaine is shot in a shooting, and Rick calls his fellow scientist to bring a serum to try to resuscitate Germaine (while most people would call 911, but whatever), the serum naturally fails "(if it did not happen, there would be no film ), after the police and coroner (until the end of time I still think that maybe paramedics should show up), leave the stage and show the van (which, I believe, was just someone's van with a coroner's sticker thrown to the side) and Germaine came back to life to attack and kill the paramedics. I would talk more about the story, but I feel that if I reveal more about this story, you would not want to see it (and we would not like it now, right?) But suffice to say that this story (in my opinion at least) meanders and is rather slow on the move (no pun intended). As I said in my review, zombies do not look as much as zombies, I still think they look like they're fighting in the bars. I do not want to say that all should be decaying and not, but there should still be at least traces of the victims' bites. I still do not like the fact that directors are constantly changing the speed at which zombies move. They can not decide if zombies are supposed to run or not (like most zombie movies), do not get me wrong, I'm for zombies, but I'm thinking about people. In one of the scenes, zombies run towards the living, in the second they simply move to them. And sometimes they just do not seem credible (yes, I know their fictional creatures, but still), of course I'm talking about a zombie who runs his hand on the wall as if he is walking through a dark living room, and I still do not like a zombie who lies on the ground shot, and then jerks as if he was shot. The sound in the film also disturbed me, mainly music, which, although it could have been my copy of the film, seemed almost non-existent. Music in the film is important for people. Especially when the sound edition sounds as if the director just took a camera with friends and made a small zombie movement. Acting is still cruel (in my opinion) and is on par with American "actors" from the Japanese movie about the Junk zombie. The film is still bad, almost House of the Dead bad, better, there is no doubt about it, but it does not say much. This is not the worst movie and is better than many direct videos that are there, but at the end of the day it was not good. I also think that the film really moves very slowly, even though it is only an hour and twenty minutes (and still, I do not like the opening song). This is the kind of movie that I think is suitable for launch on the Sci-Fi network. That is why I am obliged to give this film a one in ten movie. But think about it this way, at least it's not negative.
