Directed by Sooraj Barjatya's Vivah, a 20-year-old boy from Delhi, Shahid Kapur, is surprised by the modest, provincial girl that his father chose for him. Called to her innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees to marriage just a few moments after meeting her at her home in Madhupur, and the young lady in question, Amrita Rao, seems equally pleased with her adorable competitor. Marriage is set six months later, and the couple is in the first adventures of a young, budding love, regardless of the geographical distance. But Amrita, brought up by her uncle and aunt after her parents' death, is affected by a terrible misfortune a few hours before the wedding. And then, Shahid must play the honorary lover and embrace her unconditionally. In the same spirit as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatyi Vivah's new film is at one level a family drama with an extremely idealistic premise. Unfortunately, the plot of this new movie looks too old, even more stretched than those of Ekta Kapoor's regressive soaps. And the problem is clear? you simply can not refer to such squeaky pure figures who do not have one bad bone in their bodies. There are many things that work for and against Hindi movies, and time is one of such important factors. Twenty-five years ago, Vivah's thread may not have seemed so continuous, but today it seems to be simply a product of the mind that lies in the curvature of time. Perhaps the only advantage of the film is the fact that from the beginning to the end emanates with sincerity, you can immediately notice that the intention of the creator of the film is not cheating. Judging by both Barjatyi's previous films and watching the new movie carefully, it's safe to say that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, believes in his gold-like characters, believes that large families can live together happily under one roof without the slightest impact. But unfortunately, he is unable to translate his vision to the screen. It is difficult to forget how one-dimensional are its heroes? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and pristine? I mean, think about it, for the first time they hold hands in an hour and twenty minutes. Barjatya may think that he returns to his roots Maine Pyar Kiya with Vivah, but the truth is that the reason we accepted Salman and Bhagyashree in this movie, and even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun, is that they had such fantastic chemistry. Because although they were made of the same form as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these couples had pranks and masti. Shahid and Amrita are simply nauseating and boring. For a film that relies so heavily on music to tell its story, the filmmaker chooses a string of melodies from the '70s that further undermine the murderous pace of the film. But if I had to choose just one reason to explain why Vivah does not work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can refer to any of the characters living in Barjatya's history. Perhaps for some, Vivah can hope that such a perfect world is somewhere. But I think I'm a bit cynical. So give me a coquettish Madhuri from Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me Salman's brother from Maine Pyar Kiya, I'll even take this malicious Karisa Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these dulls. You know, some marriages are not created in heaven. This one is Vivah!
