If this documentary was not made by the famous French director Louis Malle, I would probably turn it off after the first 15 minutes, because it was a very boring look at a very ordinary city in the Midwest of America in 1979. my idea of ​​a funny theme and film material was very similar to a collection of home movies. Given that I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Since it was a rather boring documentary in a lifestyle, I was wondering when watching what message they wanted to convey? Perhaps the idea was that values ​​are not as conservative as it might seem - this was the message underlying many vignettes (such as the Republicans whose son was a soldier, and the man and woman who thought about sex outside of marriage) were fine). Or maybe the sense was that bigotry reigned in this hometown - because a few ugly ideas, such as blaming Jews for financial plots, anti-black bigotry and homophobia, were briefly examined. <br /> <br /> A small town from 1979. It was explored with great depth and the idyllic world was presented, but when the creators returned six years later, the mood of President Reagan depressed. For several reasons it seemed very insincere. First, part of 1979. It accounted for almost 90% of the film, and the last 10% consisted only of several interviews with people who blame the president for almost everything except acne. And what about the rest of the city's inhabitants? Did everyone view Reagan as evil or that their lives became more negative? Only a few updates seemed suspicious. Secondly, although it is true that domestic debt has doubled in recent years, just like the gross national product. And although Malle shows 1979 as very optimistic, it was far from it, because the period 1974-1980 was characterized by many deficiencies (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general malaise. Although I am not a big fan of Reagan, because the growth of the government did NOT slow down his administration, the country was generally much more optimistic than in the years of Ford and Carter. While many in the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy has improved significantly, and the document seems very one-sided and based on the agenda. If the document had a more detailed description from 1985 and did not seem too negative to believe (after all, they did not have a worse life - this contradicts common sense), then I could think differently. /> <br /> In general, this is not a great documentary that some people have announced - from a boring movie in 1979 to an extremely lean look in 1985. By the way, is it just me or maybe the DROP DEAD GORGEOUS movie was inspired, at least partially, by this film? Both are embedded in similar communities, but this last movie was a fun mockumentary without all the serious undertones.
