When I started watching The Muppets Take Manhattan, uncertain presentation and dialogue convinced me that I was watching something new, so you can imagine my surprise when I came to IMDb and read that it was written in 1984. Jim Henson could finish the The Muppet Show when he was at the top, but such spin-offs and Muppet Babies (which apparently rely on a very scary sequence in this movie) are the absolute nadir of all Muppet things. I used to wonder why Muppets attracts such sneers from such film reviewers as Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad The Muppets Take Manhattan (TMTM from now on) has put me straight on it. Of course, in many series there was a huge drop in quality after the appearance of the third episode: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, and even Night Of The Living Dead. Although it is no surprise that TMTM is smaller than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise lies entirely in how much less than an amazing debut or its slightly smaller continuation of TMTM is. Music is not only much less satisfying, but the combining scenes are all completely horrible. <br /> <br /> Of course there are some redemptive and really fun moments, but they are few. The Swedish chef is great in every scene in which he lives, so thank the ghost for small mercies that appears in one sequence in which his eccentricity is fully used. The problem is that there are simply no scenes that work. History, as it is, focuses on Broadway, which Kermit tries to produce. Along the way there are many trials and sufferings, including the suspicion that the viewer has before him. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist who worked this time. Charles Durning was film gold as Doc Hopper, owner of a fast food chain that wants to use Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was dynamite as Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief that Muppets must fight to save Miss Piggy from prison life. It is said that the hero is only as good as his opponent, and these two are at least half-responsible for the size of the previous two films. <br /> <br /> Charles Grodin also underlines what's wrong with TMTM. Namely, music sucks. The opening of the Manhattan Melodies show, which is at the center of TMTM, to put it nicely, makes the crap that now dominates the radio waves seem to be coordinated. I can just let my peculiar sensitivity to the sounds of words and phrases come to me, but songs like The Rainbow Connection have inspired tears of joy, not irritation. Grodin's great solo during The Great Muppet Caper, although it does not have the same resonance, alone raises the tone of the film by eight steps. He is the whole class. And if TMTM can use one thing, in addition to achieving the appearance of the class, eight steps are created. TMTM is also heavily temporarily compressed, and history jumps from stage to stage, without thinking about the meaningfulness or giving the cohesion of history. Maddox himself pointed out that the transition and cohesion make the film more consistent than the mess of connected pieces. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> While TMTM has its guest stars, they are either badly used (Brooke Shields and John Landis) or completely have no element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). Calling it a waste of time for both the puppeteer and the actor is flattery. The lack of routine end credits is particularly painful here, after the Animal 'go home' postscript, especially for the Muppet movie. Which underlines another problem. Characters are poorly written at best, and their individual eccentricities are not visible or heard. Animal sometimes exclaims single words, but they have nothing to do with the plot or the conversation around it. Say what you want about the sets designed to show the characters, but think about the moment Animal after eating the pills for rapid growth or his "Sowwy" after the incident, when he took out the window on the top of his fellow Muppets. Now see if you remember one unforgettable moment with a single Muppet other than through the funny misunderstanding of the Swedish head of three-dimensional film with popcorn. Give up? Then you proved my point. <br /> <br /> Considering that Labyrinth, one of the best and timeless Henson products outside of Muppets, came two years later, it makes TMTM even more puzzling. Perhaps this mistake made Jim Henson rethink his strategy for character development and use. Or maybe this mistake can be attributed to Frank Oz, who just finished working with George Lucas on what many agree, is the most childish episode in the original Star Wars saga. The writers were also involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I'll release them from it, although the script is one of the most important elements of the film. Production here is also significantly improved, and Muppets can move in a way that was previously outside of them. If the story and scenario were better thought out, TMTM could be at least comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. Currently, this is a great answer to the question whether Muppety write under the influence or excretion. <br /> <br /> That's why I gave The Muppets Take Manhattan to three out of ten. Two meaning real quality and a bonus for the moment of the Swedish chef. Without it, this movie would not be watched.
