The premise and subject of making the criminals aware of what survived his victims by catching his hostage from the family sounds promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part that was also discussed 20 years ago with a fairly subtle approach by director Ravi Tandon in his movie "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is the director Ace Rajkumar Santoshi, who found himself in some kind of turmoil, or to make him a fast action thriller (namely Khakee) or an emotionally heavy drama (namely Damini) and this confusion is quite visible in the final result if we ignore two of his-Pukara (2000) and Lajja (2001), this genius director always gave us quite captivating movies with high entertainment value, which is why this film is a surprise, which made this sensitive director decide on the flamboyant characteristics of both heroes - Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman As the film ends, the audience did not know who to hate or sympathize with, and this factor is the main limiting force in the whole narrative. the underground does not end with a note of self-realization and the regret of the Don about what went wrong with his family. The revelation of Don's son as a true evil spirit is not an element of surprise at the culmination, which compared with the similar situation in "Khakee" acted so effectively with the figure of Aishwarya. That's not all, there is something more. from the life of the Underworld Don, operating from abroad looks quite illogical, his opening landing in Mumbai, where he has to run away, as well as running after their enemies and shooting them, does not seem credible. Like Aryeman against Mr. Bachchan, this is not a good idea again, but the film still has some advantages: great job of Ashoka Mehta camera, two good combat sequences (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), light scenes with Akshay Kumar in the first half, fast and Santos' fast cure and of course Mr. Bachchan as always tries to liven up his dead character, but all these elements do not make watching you an exciting experience for you and your family!
