I have not seen this movie for a long time, so I'm afraid I can not be very detailed about the details ... It had some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt of an animated adaptation of J.R. Tolkien's work was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that at some point it went bankrupt during production. Therefore, not only stops suddenly somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a little shadow of continuation that has never been made), but the film itself seems less than finite. It seems that some characters were animated while others were filmed, but it is difficult to say whether it is intended or not. The whole thing seems miserably made and disbanded, especially the Orcs and Nazgul. The next problem is of course huge gaps in the story. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this movie and hoped to put a book and a half in just over two hours (Peter Jackson's new trilogy would do it more or less twice). There are too many important bits out there (and I do not refer only to Tom Bombadil which I think was beautiful in the book, but it would look stupid in the movie.) And of course the ending is completely sudden and out of place. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to end the film there, or even had an idea where it would end. <br /> <br /> Heroes ... well, most of them were fine. Hobbits do not look so bad (except gay Sam. Do you know that the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted to make Sam a woman, so will be the female main character?) If you're Tolkien's fanatic (like me), watch this movie (though I'm not To know in advance what special features does the DVD version have?) But know in advance that you will not see the real "Lord of the Rings" movie, but little more than historical curiosity that probably does not look much better than the version from 1960s, if the Beatles continued their plan (I think that psychedelic LOTR could be pretty cool.) The idea was to throw George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you did not read the book or did not like it you do not like it too much or you do not like animated films or you do not want to see half of the finished movie ... do not come close.
