The opening scene of this movie marks the pace of its ninety minutes. Pictures are general, conventional and the quality of television movies. The snow-soaked scenery is great, but the characters who take care of it have a similar quality to watching photographs of such scenery, and the overwhelming feeling is a distance. Some of the editions are quite high quality and the work of an experienced professional, however, the dialogue is clumsy and artificial, not having a major impact on "real" conversations. Every emotional insight is transferred in favor of swearing, which is of course the way everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and disappointing, the general feeling of being someone leaking cold water over your head, but so slowly that you barely notice, but you finally feel pathetic and slightly regret for being caught in such an incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> A mix of species that Fessenden apparently tried to use; psychological thriller, horror and family drama, although praiseworthy suffers from a serious lack of tension and an interesting dialogue. The way in which husband, wife and children's trio interact is particularly unrealistic. Themes of family relationships taking place in the haunted surroundings were repeatedly discussed by much better films, an example of which is The Shining (1980). The family unit here is torn apart by innocent problems that are difficult to understand or sympathize considering the relative ambiguity of the scenario. <br /> <br /> The family is not persecuted throughout the film, Fessenden limits the thriller's narrative for a slow family drama most of the time. The character of "persecutor" Otis has very few apparent motives for his behavior, and despite the fact that he is probably the most interesting and well-preserved figure, he is still poorly developed. The main heroes are empty scales of people, with whom it was extremely difficult to connect, and their relationships with each other are particularly devoid of feelings and feelings. Although the ignorance of the young hero Erik per Sullivan by his parents is probably part of this story, would surely any reasonable person question their son if he were to speak to someone who apparently does not exist? People can accept this movie as intelligent because of its relative lack of conventional aspects of creature-based horror, but this movie fails for any genre you want to pigeonhole. Deep psychological meanings can be read in every single detail of anything, if you should want it, but I think people would be better off if they analyzed their carpet for deep emotional meaning, not those of empty sub-human creations.
