Just in time to take advantage of the long-awaited movie version of "Dreamgirls", a DVD with this half-forgotten music melodrama from 1976 was released, which also inspires the rise of Supremes. Released five years before the opening of "Dreamgirls" on Broadway and partially embedded in the same period, it has mainly a black cast and a story revolving around the up-and-coming girl group, and that's where the similarity basically ends. Written by Joel Schumacher long before he became the main leader of the mainstream production ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this film seems more rough on the surface. However, according to his formula, Schumacher weakens the story and character development, introducing a lot of clichés and spinning one-way liners. Sam O'Steen, a valued film editor, but a neophyte director, with little resemblance to the staging of musical numbers, directs production as a low-budget television film about a frustrating episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The story is the following three sisters Harlem - sexy sister, hypocritical Delores and sweet Sparkle - singing in a church choir, meet with smoothly speaking, but good boys Stix and Levi, and then find their first taste of success as singing group - first as a sweater wearing a quintet called the Heart, and then as a brilliant trio known as Sister and Sisters. But naturally there are problems going beyond the stupid name of the group - Sister engages in the nasty drug dealer Satin Struthers, who beats her and turns her into a drug addict cocaine; Levi goes to prison for catching drugs for satin; Stix gets upset and goes unreasonably to Jewish gangsters for financial help; Delores simply has enough; and the poor little spark has to decide what future he wants. The big plus is that the great Curtis Mayfield R & B wrote atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, "Look Into Your Heart", a real winner. <br /> <br /> A solid cast does everything in its fancy circumstances. The valiant attempt of Lonette McKee to make Sister a tragic figure is undercut by some of the fictitious phrases on the ham, including the sad phrase in the microphone that resembles Billie Holliday. Before Michael Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood play on the big screen on TV, they portray Stix and Levi with boyish vitality, if not much credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively silent turn as the girl's patient mother and Irena Cara's earlier "Fame", who effortlessly exudes sincerity in the title role (though her costumer and hairdresser should be shot for the hideous look she achieves in the final scene) . The DVD contains the original theater trailer with the unbridled vocal of DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD with five songs from the film, which were not made by the original cast, but by Aretha Franklin from her recording from 1976. This is not a scary movie, just an interesting, if not missing trivia, which coincides with the same thing as "Dreamgirls".
