Do you know the concept of children's graphics? Although it is not the largest Picasso that the three-year-old child has ever made with fingers, they are encouraged to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason why a parent should stop this child. Usually, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the basics of their future style. You will start to see their true form in these very primitive scribbles. Well, this concept of children's graphics is what I felt about the depressingly low-cost and non-creative film of Fuquy. Although it was a horrible movie on all accounts, it was impressive that the Fuquy style began to appear even in the funniest moments. If you have seen either Training Day or King Arthur, you will be impressed by the director's birth in his second film Bait. While Foxx gives terrible, unchanging performance, there are some scenes that define Fuquę and show its glow behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you focus only on these scenes, you'll see why the name Fuquy appears on so many "Best Of ??" movie lists. <br /> <br /> I will never agree with someone Fuquy's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to put the camera in the strangest place to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I am surprised that the greater part of Hollywood has not jumped on this fashion. Even in the stupid Bait function, you are the witness of the size of Fuquy. The two scenes that come to mind are the scene of an explosion near the center of the film and the horse scene near the end. In both of these scenes, I saw director Fuqua at work. Unfortunately, in the rest of this movie, all I've seen is a combination of almost every action movie created. The lucky hero, fortunately, who suddenly discovered that his life had been reversed by some unknown force, is a classic structure that simply has to die in Hollywood. We've seen it often and no matter who you are (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can not recreate the wheel. This is simply impossible in this genre and has been proven with Bait. I was irritated by the fact that Fuqua just sat down and allowed what could explain why it took me three to watch this movie. I was just tired of this structure and though I hoped Fuqua would redefine it, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then there was acting. While Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I wanted to try this controlled vehicle. I wanted to see if he could play another dramatic role similar to security. I had the impression that it may have been a chosen film to show producers that Foxx can cope with the role of security. I was disappointed again. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was the way his hero was supposed to be, but in the sense that he did not feel as if either Fuqua or Foxx had taken the time to fully train Foxx about what should be ad- libed and what should be used for further development of the plot. Instead, we are oppressed by the scene above the Foxx stage, trying only to make the audience laugh. Adding other long jokes and cultural statements just to let his listeners understand that he was first a comedian and the other an actor. Fuqua should stop it immediately. Foxx's jokes destroyed his character, which in turn left me nothing to grasp. Instead of character development, he would break a joke. No style worked, no joke was funny. The rest of the cast was mediocre. I mean, I've seen them all in similar roles. They did not bring anything new to the table, nothing solid in history and nothing important for the general themes of the film. They were pawns filling the space of dead air. Fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only confirms this accusation. <br /> <br /> In general, it was a sad movie. Without creativity in sight and unmanaged actors who try to reach a higher level, what initially began as a decent story, eventually sank faster in cinematic moving sands. Foxx was annoying, without a character line and a complete cheese bag. In each scene I did not see any emotions, and when emotions were needed to convey the message, he decided to take off his shirt instead of solving problems. Are my words sharp? I do not think so. When you watch a movie, you want to see creativity, some edible characters and motifs that seem to hit near the house. The bait did not contain any of them. While I give Fuquie a little recognition for the two scenes in this movie, the other five hundred were disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait on borrowing this movie, but now that I've seen it, I hope to keep others from taking this strange plucking. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** with ***** (for his two scenes that were cool to watch)
