666: The child begins when the plane crashes, the only survivor of flight 666 was a young boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart), who was adopted by reporter Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her husband cameraman Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after the discussed incident for Channel 6 news. At first Donald seems like any normal kid, but death seems to follow him, after warnings Nun and Vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is angry and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> <br /> This horror movie straight to DVD was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson and must be said 666: The child is really rather poor. Whenever I see that the asylum is responsible for the film, I worry, I am very worried because its history is terrible. They seem to specialize in creating and / or spreading low-budget horror films, which are usually a rip off of a recently-successful horror budget, and in case 666: A child does not need a rocket science diploma to understand this complete fraud to earn on the last Omen (2006), which was released in the same year. The script by Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel is horrible and simply can not match the ambitions of the Hollywood counterpart. I mean only what exactly Donald the Antichrist expects from a middle class family in a small town? Is not this a great starting point for the destruction of this world? Each character in 666: The Child is the character of the main character from Omen, adopted parents, a priest who tries to warn them and an evil guardian. There is a real lack of incidents, almost no gore and the plot is poor. It means that Donald kills the dentist because they tried to fix his teeth, he is so random and unnecessary, what were all the disgusting paintings Donald was drawing from, where the babysitter comes from and nothing just connects everything and it's just a chaotic mess that very quickly it becomes very boring. References to the number 6 also become annoying and are very unmatched. <br /> <br /> Director Perez is doing well. There is almost no blood or blood, there are a few splashes of blood, a severed hand and someone gets a round saw stuck in their face, but it sounds much better than it looks on the screen. Certainly it is not terrifying, there is no atmosphere thanks to the completely nondescript contemporary scenery in the suburban home and there is no tension, because we never really know what Donald is trying to do, and therefore there is no danger. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is fine, it's quite well made, but because the actual movie is so poor, it does not matter. Acting is not so great, but at the same time I've seen worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The child is a poor man Omen rip off, I will sooner see the original or convert it every day of the week. Not good and definitely not recommended. Then continuation 666: The Beast (2007), which also switched to DVD.
