THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is in the rehabilitation center with several other wounded. And there he must face a severe new life, limited to a wheelchair. This is an interesting and promising assumption, but unfortunately it can not be implemented. Instead, a Dutch szmaltz is created, with some interesting moments. Certainly the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, et al.) Is brilliant and works well here, as might be expected, but their talents are wasted. Characters are mainly stereotypes of one kind or another, and most of them are completely unacceptable (the exception is Snipes). I suppose it is a kind of attempt to break the idea of ​​people that disabled people are "crippled" or "weak", presenting them mostly as a sting in the face, but it makes it a completely annoying experience. Admittedly, it will show you what people with disabilities are going through in a way that is not softened or romanticized, which is useful and a good idea, but although the presented process can make it difficult to get along and it is worth dealing with it, that it does not have to be part of the fact that these characters must be, to varying degrees, despicable. They would not have to be Disneyfied; there is definitely a middle ground somewhere. After the film, the figure of Eric Stoltz assumed her status as a disabled person, but because it is such a burning narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, we did not care. <br /> <br /> In addition to problems with character, the movie suffers from this strange syndrome, which suffers so many Hollywood movies; the syndrome does not really have an official name, but you can call it "syndrome of inexplicable forgiveness." It looks something like this: characters abuse each other, and then without apology, everything is forgiven (especially unpleasant example of this is The Breakfast Club, in which one character spends most of them verbally making everyone within earshot, as a result they love him in one of the latest examples, Spiderman 3, supervillain The Sandman puts a waste on a piece of Manhattan and then fails on Spiderman for around 15 monotonous minutes before you're waved with what's "bye, now"). The most scandalous example of the IFS in The Waterdance is the sequence in which, after being named n-word by the racist figure of William Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, the character Wesley Snipes calls her the same Forsythe figure in the next scene, as if nothing happened in a short time. Again, without "Oh yes, I apologize for this business where, as you know, I called you a n-word." I wonder if these people actually watch these movies before they release them, or do they just film them with their eyes closed, as if they are hitting them in the editing room according to the scene number and calling it day work?
