Stifler finished his bare mile and is currently attending Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run naked, and losers joke and this series is dead in the water. Naked Mile was a nonsense movie, but it turned out to be much better than Band Camp. It looks like they've come back to what's not working for them, and it shows they do not care. You can tell where the target group of recipients is and perfectly nailed it. Young boys who like to see naked women, primitive humor and drinking beer, will love Beta House, everyone else can turn away. special effects of time. Lord of the Rings created the whole world of mythical creatures and powerful battles that dazzled the eye. Matrix changed the way in which action and sci / fi films were made, especially with the latest special effects. With all technological advances we are looking forward to the next big thing that will make our jaws fall to the floor. Then comes the American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When humans created space ships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create semen. Yes, the thing that creates life, what you see so many times in pornographic films, arises, and time slows down to show us that the white remnant was shooting through the room on the teddy bear. Is it funny? Disgusting? Or? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising considering the title of the previous installment. Does the film need it? Of course not, does it ever speed up the story? Do you ever laugh? Do they ever stimulate young boys? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I am the one who thinks there are too many nudity, you might as well just do porn. <br /> <br /> A woman who catches the feelings of our main character is pretty and does not annoy the viewer, like the previous girls in the show, but I have never believed that this character will ever do what he does. I am sure that every action of the characters in this film is not realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from the world of reality into a fantasy world. None of the events in this movie will ever happen, and if I ever do, I must IMMEDIATELY take part in this school. Is this movie supposed to make people feel they are having fun? Well, there is no, we watch how they are having fun, at the end of the movie we hate them for all the fun. <br /> <br /> In the scene the "Deer Hunter" movie appears, but to be "funny" for today's audience, they decided to replace the bullets with horse semen. Do you laugh already? Instead of shooting with semen in the head or face, put a gun in the mouth. Do you still laugh on the floor? For the first time, we meet Stifler's roommate, having sex with her girlfriend. Do you support nudity? At first glance, the film seems to refer to boys trying to get into the brotherhood, but then they are transferred to them in the fraternity, but they have to perform certain tasks. Then it changes into a competition between gulls and boys. A little on us, "The Revenge of Nerds" seems a bit out of place. Honestly, I do not know what these films are about because it's happening everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy seems to be forced by a shock. Even at the beginning, my father showed his son a list of people with whom he had sex. The joke is somewhere out there, I think it may be because his wife is not the last on the list, or that one of his son's friend's was on the list. Either way, it does not work. <br /> <br /> I think that if you have not guessed it yet, this movie is not funny. It seems that it is not focused, the story is pathetic, and the so-called stern humor, of which the series is known, does not shock. Skip this bad installment and all future ones. I do not know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to hit my eyes.
