... that Jamie Foxx will ever deliver such a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons why I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was that watching his noisy, nasty acting in movies like "Bait" and "Booty Call", I never imagined that ever he will win an Oscar. If five years ago people told me that Jamie Foxx would win an Oscar one day, I would laugh straight at their faces. Who knows? Maybe it's better to stick to the drama, because if you're watching "Bait", it's clear that comedy is not his strong point. I swear, Jamie is so mocking about this movie that I'm surprised that his face has not fallen away. And why does he have to make these stupid voices at every opportunity he gets? Anyone who knows comics like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that comedy does not require loudness and disgust. If the joke is funny, it's fun. If it's not funny, making a crazy accent will not make it more fun. The problem that I have with some of the comics who decide to act is that they are in favor of laughing for being in character. In real life, normal people do not always have witty returns and jokes. Just like Albert Brooks said in an interview about his character in "Taxi Driver", it's important to be as funny as your character, not to be funny like a comedian. The best example of Jamie who violates this principle is a terribly horrible scene in which his photos are taken from a mug, and he begins to pose for pictures like a model. If an ordinary person were thrown into prison, would he really be stupid if he had pictures taken from a cup? And will not the police try to scold him if he is? There are many such scenes in the film. Another horrible sequence is one in which Jamie is unconsciously on the phone with a villain and begins to make a fake Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention that Jamie never realizes the joke. Giving a comedic performance requires patience while he goes straight to the punchline, whether it's the right time or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, it was the first time I felt relieved when it appeared on the screen. Epps has the same drawbacks when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more low key. One of the few bright spots in this comedy cluster is David Morse, a very underrated actor known mainly for his supporting roles as villains. It seems that he is the only actor in the film to which reality relates. However, Doug Hutchison's colleague "Green Mile" is disgustedly exaggerated as a villain. Big surprise, given that he gave a great performance in "Green Mile", also playing hard. Antoine Fuqua proved his advantage in films such as "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even in "Bait" he shows that he can direct the sequence of action to hell. His only problem was disciplining Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half of the scenario with one bad joke after another. If you're not a die-hard Foxx fan, do not take the bait.
