I can not believe we've seen this complete shit, but we did it and I feel obliged to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore him as a typical nonsense computer and try to improve, because it will not happen. If his faggoty boy hanging over him does not make you ill, be grateful to the weirdo who wrote and / or directed this disgusting way, somehow trying some restraint. I mean, be real. One thing is the presence of a gay character in the film as it is, but it is completely different to constantly hit the screen and study it closely when the line notes clearly state that the movie is about to be a mother looking for a "closure" in due to the sudden death of her daughter. What does one thing have to do with the other, would you be tempted to ask a question? Apparently both issues are inextricably linked. And if that's not enough, the lady's bearded lady is in the ice-cream shop. Seriously, has this poor woman never heard of electrolysis? Why does it have to go this way? At least, how to shave ugly things, and when you're on it, also remove these nasty moles. HAVE YOU FOUND ANY ice cream that has just served you? I think not. This must be a New Jersey case. <br /> <br /> You would think Diane Keaton could save this piece of Drek, but think again. Did she really try to put a lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. So what if the body was to be the body of his dead daughter. This grotesque excuse for cinema is a slop from the very beginning and that's all. We want each of these characters to just go on the wave and just continue. None of these flaky people are gaining our sympathy even for a moment. Trust me - give me this piece of shit. It's not about death, a mother who inadvertently strangled her daughter, and even other much more distasteful problems that still appear, no matter how little you want to hear. It is a load of perverted trash from an inept and talentless director.
