The plot of this horrible movie is so intricate that I warn you about this spoiler because I'm not sure I will give anything back. For the first time, the audience sees a man dressed as Jack the Ripper killing an old woman in an alley hundred years ago. Then we are up to today and a young Australian couple looking for a home. We have an incredibly long journey around this house, and her husband sees the figure in the old mirror. A 105-year-old woman lived in it. There are also large iron panels covering the wall in the bottom. An old-fashioned razor falls during renovation and her husband keeps it. I think he is possessed by a razor because he begins to have strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple can not give birth because the husband burns empty spaces. <br /> <br /> It looks like some mold is climbing the wall when the couple removes the iron panels and the form has the shape of a person. At the end of the story is a conspiracy with a large money box, and the husband murders the bodyguard and co-worker and steals money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who knows?? Nothing is explained. Was a 105-year-old woman a child of a serial killer? Little sister? WHY are the iron panels placed on the wall? How will it keep the serial killer in the basement? Was he closed there by his family and starved to death or simply hidden? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why he wants to get iron panels so much? He never saw it again. WHY does a serial killer kill people? We see only one murdered old man. Was there any pattern, theme or something? WHY will my wife suddenly get pregnant? Is this a demonic spawn of a serial killer? Had he managed to get to her husband's sperm? And why, if the husband was able to subdue and kill a huge, robust security guard, is he unable to defeat his wife? And how powerful is the tension system in Australia that would turn it around the room, cutting through a light wire? And why is the wife staying at home? Is she now possessed by a serial killer? Will the child be a reborn killer? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for a refund! The only pleasurable aspect of this story was seeing a husband running in his boxer shorts most of the time, but even that could not compensate for this chaotic, incoherent mess.
