Jörg Buttgereit from the German box with nuts apparently has fans - but I do not know why and I'm definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I've seen before was the Necromancer and I hated every minute of it, but - shockingly - this movie is worse! Der Todesking does not make sense in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse movie because it's boring in the way a few movies have been made (seriously not the Blair Witch Project). Some say that this movie is "sick" and "shocking", but it really is not. The director could be right about death, but only he knows what it is. How anyone could watch this movie and be anything other than bored is completely beyond me. The film revolves around the subject of suicide and tracks the deaths of seven different people during the week. Yes, it means that on Monday we have a senseless and boring episode, a senseless and boring episode on Tuesday, a senseless and boring episode for Wednesday, etc. This movie is even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> Der Todesking is apparently an "artistic" film, although it seems to be a reference to a way that does not make sense rather than a reference to a film that has any resemblance to "art". Each segment of the movie has a story to tell - but it is not! We just get a short sketch of suicide, and that just makes you wonder what's going on. The film has the impression that it should be deep, but there is a great emptiness in which there should be intelligence and nothing that could fill it. Buttgereit uses several suggestive images; but I do not remember any of them for over a week, because this movie just is not that unforgettable. There is a shot involving the decomposing body of a man that occurs quite often, but it is rapidly aging, and you only have the rest of the movie, which is unfortunate. If I had to fight for good things to say about this shit, all I can think about is this; the title sounds good. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other movie that I saw with this amateur director; I have copies of Schramma and Nekromantika 2, and now I'm really in no hurry to watch. Der Todesking is a boring movie with no sense, and anyone who calls it "art" is very wrong. Come on.
