To avoid misunderstandings, let me explain a few points: I am not a red neck. I'm not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical libertarian. I'm not WASP either, I was not even born in the States. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there are people who do not feel poetry, and those sad people usually make a living by teaching poetry. This film was created by and for people who do not feel poetry or performances; and dare to say, both to people who have no sense of decency or respect for the lives or deaths of other people (especially when the victims are thought to be mainly "bloody imperialists" killed in the Yankee land.) I even find an original marketing concept eleven episodes eleven minutes, nine seconds and one cage as particularly hideous and repulsive. Just awful. Why did not they earmark a budget of as many dollars per episode as people were brutally murdered in the attack? The whole idea rests somewhere between ordinary stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone who takes seriously about filming (and seriously thinking about life and death), should angrily refuse to participate in this recollection of innuendów and non-sequiturs. With two exceptions: the Burkina Faso episode - almost funny - and the one from India - which documents the story of a man who was unjustly and wrongly investigated in connection with the attack, on the grounds that he did not do it later. Come back home and be an American Muslim (and, to tell the truth, when the facts were known, he was honored as a hero). All the other nine episodes, essentially and very boring and devoid of emotions, can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First: "I do not care about thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, adolescents, adults, old people. .. "and can be resumed in pure boredom and lack of emotions. Makhmalbaf's (Iran); Lelouch's (France) ?? I am afraid that I will commit heresy since Lelouch, but perhaps his episode can be considered based on an idea that can be considered almost original; Tanovic's (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu's (Mexico); Gitaï's (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: "The bloody Yankees deserve it." And it can be resumed in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) confirms suicide bombers; Loach (UK) thinks that the reckless attacks of September 11 were some kind of punishment for alleged US support for the Chilean dictatorship led by serial killer Augusto Pinochet, in fact someone should inform Mr Loach that the Pinochet victims were unrelated to Al -Kaida and that Chile is a South American country whose only existence Bin Laden should have ignored should also be informed that US government sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship were more difficult than any other; and Imamura (Japan) indicates that World War II is associated with an attack on the WTC. Imamura is at least coherent in this: the supposed connecting effect is completely pointless, which fits well with his episode, including the man who considers himself a snake. He pretends to be unclear. It is rather funny. <br /> <br /> There is some kind of error that many people share, including some Americans, and relies on the belief that this movie was not shown commercially in the US for some reason censorship. Nothing more from the truth: this movie was not shown in the States because it is a complete fiasco. The fiasco of the strangest kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are closest to the hearts of a large number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in fashion, the film was shown in showrooms hastily transformed into theaters and was applauded by a very selected audience: ordinary sad few who routinely give applause other equally peculiar spectacles. Like the view of McDonald's fast-food restaurant, or, old man, an elderly Jew, burnt to ashes.
