Singleton has some serious problems that he has to deal with. I have the impression that he thinks he is quite smart; however, this film is almost comically transparent and fair. In addition, there are several "strong law" messages like when our local Nazi jerks are beaten. I mean, who in his common sense intends to eradicate a handful of Nazi jerks? However, the way Singleton presents the "fight" is actually stupid and seems to be designed to show us more combat qualities of black heroes than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (in fact a drunk brother) who rapes one of the film's heroes. In this case, I think Singleton does a good job of presenting what is probably too common a situation when a committed woman asks a brother to use a condom, or he does not, or does not want to use it. In any case, he disagrees with her demands that he stop, and he nevertheless takes a relationship. I think this kind of rape is too common, and many uniformed people do not accept the fact that it is even rape. Well, no, no, it's a rape that probably occurs at universities around the country. <br /> <br /> After determining the rape, how does Singleton deal with it? When a boyfriend with a brother tries to call a woman, her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, in which moment the nephew calls the roommate a "black bitch". The aggrieved roommate seems to appeal to the advice of Ice Cube, et al. Who then humiliates and abuses his brother in the repetitive and long-term "apologies" of the roommate for his racist remarks; however (apparently in the mind of Singleton) there is no mention of a minor rape crime. Again, no one should really sympathize with a brother; however, it seems that Singleton sends a double message that racist comment is a greater offense than rape, or in any case, violence is justified against jerk. <br /> <br /> What's so disappointing that this movie might have really meant something important, but Singleton, though undoubtedly a talented director, does not seem to have the maturity or depth to get anything out of this size.
