Is there any other period of time that has been comprehensively covered by television (or the media in general) like the 1960s? No. Do we really need another journey through this turbulent time? Not quite. But if we have to have it, does it have to be as shallow as the "60s"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that co-authors, Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield, had more attention on this two-part miniseries than what ultimately resulted, especially considering Couturie's commitment to the great HBO movie "Dear America: Letters Home From Vietnam ", which uses a small original music and no original material, allowing the views and sounds of the time to speak for themselves. This presentation combines footage with dramatic production, but it does not help anyone, trying to do too much in too short a time; like many others, it is seen from the point of view of one family. But the children of this family seem to be involved tangentially in almost every major event in the 1960s (it's amazing that one of them does not go to a Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), which seems less like a drama of the era and more like a decade version Cliff Notes. <br /> <br /> The creators rush through it so much that there is no time or no time to give the characters any form, with the sticks of characters called our heroes from the screen forever - the father of the child is especially trivial - and then when they come back to BLAMMO! this is something else. Garry Trudeau could teach filmmakers something about doing the right thing. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to the old university, but they are wasted (especially the latter two); It is undeniably good to see David Alan Grier in the rare role of activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in an uncredited episode in Part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is how the '60s melt the soundtrack in many period songs, which ultimately reduces its minimal effect (and this may be the only time the American presentation television in the 1960s America never mentions the British invasion - without the Beatles, without Rolling Stones) ... and again, there are only so many songs that you can do in the album with the soundtrack, right?). Applying a skimpy approach to both time and story with an almost absent happy ending, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" did it all much better. Nothing to see here, you can not see anywhere else, people ... except Julia Stiles, who does it.
