The Blob starts with one of the strangest songs in history, sung by unclassified Burt Bacharach from all people! You really have to hear it to believe it, The Blob can be worth watching only for this song, and my summary of the user's commentary is just a bit of the taste of classic lyrics ... After this annoying opening sequence The Blob presents us, the viewer, or Steve ' and Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut), who are parked somewhere and witness what looks like a meteor falling to Earth in a nearby forest. The old man (Olin Howland as Olin Howlin), who lives in the cabin, also sees it and goes to investigate, finds a crater and a strange rock the size of a football that splits when foolishly pokes it with a stick. Arranging in the center of a meteorite is a strange jelly-like substance that sticks to a stick if you know what I mean! Then he slips the stick and attaches himself to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane quietly follow their own business when an old man runs out in front of Steve's car, Steve is a decent man who decides to take the old man to Dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven Chase) at a local clinic. Dr Hallan says he does not know what a substance is in the old man's hand, but he's getting bigger and he asks Steve to come back where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but does not come up with anything and after returning to Dr. Hallan's office, he is witnessing a devouring drop. City police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and teenage hate Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson), do not wonder, do not believe a word and finish suspiciously Steve and his colleagues Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) and someone he called Miller's "Mooch" (James Bonnet) playing a complicated joke at the police department. However, as the blob continues to eat, through the city Steve decides to find proof of his existence and convince the police about the threat that is not only for the city, but for the whole world! <br /> <br /> Director Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. and invaluable Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was very disappointed with this original version of The Blob from 1958. Scenario Kay Linaker as Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson is absolutely boring and extremely boring, not taking advantage of his strongest aspects. The Blob focuses on the tormenting dramas and conflicts between teenagers and the police, in fact most of The Blob is spent on Steve, who is trying to convince the police about the existence of a blob. For most of the film, the drop itself seems almost irrelevant and somewhat forgotten. It has only two or three scenes for the first hour and a little, until the less exciting climax, when adults and teens have to work together to defeat the blob and have a new appreciation for each other, yuck! Why did not the blob just eat a lot of them? No explanation was given about what a droplet or its origin is other than from space, how long did it take them to come up with it? Dialogue is clumsy and stupid, as are people's actions and decision-making. I love the part where a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, did anyone use his real name in this case?) Is confronted with a stain, throws some acid over it and calmly announces "Doctor, nothing will stop her!" How does she know that "nothing" will stop this exactly? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry about it, the special effects on the stain alone are not too bad, but barely have time on the screen and moves very slowly, a bit like the movie at all. Acting is terrible, McQueen is supposed to be a teenager when in reality he was 28 and that shows he looks older enough to be his own dad! The same applies to most other "teenage" cast members and everyone is generally wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically, The Blob is a very simple, dark static photograph, a dull direction and unmemorable production values. Blob is one of those movies that probably sounds good on paper and is known as "classic", but in reality is a huge disappointment when we finally see it. This is one case when The Blob (1988) remake is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring, and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or gore, and the remake does, the original Blob has incredibly poor decisions on action and throwing, and the remake does not work, and the original Blob becomes a very small time for the screen, eating only three or four people in the whole movie, and the remake contains the whole blob and practically eats the whole city. The choice is easy, remake every time because it's a better movie in every respect. I will give a movie to two stars and give this wonderful main theme song one of my own. It is definitely not a classic that seems to be visible.
