It is no wonder that I decided to see STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950, when President Truman ordered the American forces to enter the Korean War. You see, STARLIFT is largely embedded in the Travis Air Force base in California in the years when it was used as a place of parking for soldiers sent to fight in Korea. But to know this, you have to do your own research, because not once in the film was mentioned the name "Korea". We see transport planes flying out of fresh soldiers and returning with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these people will fight or wounded. It's strange when it comes to a movie that is supposed to wave the flag and salute American people in uniform. Released in December 1951. By Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very obvious effort to repeat the success of the studio morale amplifier "Hollywood Canteen." This nice crowd from 1944 told the story of two soldiers spending their last three nights on vacation at the famous night club of the armed forces in Los Angeles, hoping for a date with Joan Leslie. But it really was just an excuse for Warners to make every star under the contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and others. STARLIFT has two Air Force soldiers who hope to meet the fictional star Nell Wayne (similar to Janice's rule mask) and persuade the Warner Bros. group of stars to perform a demonstration for departing soldiers. But instead of Crawford, Garfield and the other best that the Warner brothers could get in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris with James Cagney's passing, Randolph Scott and clearly embarrassed looking at Gary Cooper. This shitty cast, whose combined star power would hardly illuminate a standard lamp, is perfectly suited to poor production values. Probably in order to save money, a few long scenes were shot using a really bad back projection. How bad is it? You can see the connection in which the screen touches the floor of the sound stage! Describing STARLIFT as a sloppy, lazy, and third-degree movie aims to discourage videos that are sloppy, lazy and third. It's just terrible. Avoid this.
