Whoa boy. <br /> <br /> Have you ever wanted to see a documentary about the moron of megalomania that ruins his life and offends everyone around him? Well, they exist in many forms. But have you ever wanted to see a documentary about someone who ultimately did not succeed, despite all praise, how much is an artistic genius? Well, you could probably just grab the camera and find someone like that on the local scene (I know they are everywhere and I do not even follow the local scene), or you can save yourself trouble by spending money watching these tripe. <br /> <br /> The premise is good and, frankly, it's not that the filmmakers knew exactly where it was going, because it is one of the difficulties associated with the documentary film. We are forced to follow two teams, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, run by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, run by Courtney. I heard about The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not like Brian Jamestown Massacre. Why? Well, from the perspective of this document, because the inter-group dysfunction of Brian Jamestown Massacre refused to really enjoy being in the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of two separate teams and how we managed to succeed, we focus more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, you see, Anton is "a genius. "Because he plays rock music. He really "understands the evolution of music" ... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered "postmodern retro, but the future" ... because it is rock music. He wants to bring out a "revolution" ... through rock music. Okay, let's face it ... twenty minutes and this is one of the stupidest kids I'd like to see a documentary about. <br /> <br /> The document itself is not suitable for showing any of Anton's Talent, because in the nature of editing 2000 hours of material in a quarter of less than two hours, we do not have time to focus on it. Instead, we watch Anton, a "genius", a lost social-maniac, struggling for two hours and was simply told to understand that he created really great music. I do not know if he did it or not, because the document does not have enough time to prove it. I only know that we have a story about some selfish, unbearable fool running around the country, who calls himself God of music and does nothing to support him. Why even bother? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, hope and admiration for all these different people, especially pean after the defeat of the lost potential. This movie plays like a two-hour special VH1 for some reason: it still talks about music, but it's about image and attention. Look at the guy, look at how he dresses, look at how he behaves, look at how he's trying to create controversy because he can not afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Honestly, the only interesting character in this movie is Joel, and because of anyone in this document, Joel is the only person who seems to have a good time. Maybe because he is a man with a tambourine. The rest are "rock stars"! They deserve our attention and admiration, interest and commitment! They're there to "save rock and roll." Do you remember when The White Stripes were to "save rock and roll"? Yes, it's because of Anton and it's "selfish of them that I do not mention (Anton) as an inspiration". What a load. People like Anton are best forgotten. This document explains why mainstream music is so boring - because music performers have to deal with people like Anton, and ultimately can only support someone who is safe and dispassionate. Many thanks, Anton. Your antics have ruined music for ALL you have touched, regardless of opinion. And if people "know" about the fact that Anton does not agree, and he really was a genius, he still shows how bad this documentary is because he cuts it off in this way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
