I went to this movie with big hopes. Usually I'm not too picky about my films, and movies about creatures are always * pleasant to watch, or at least I thought so. I will mention good parts of this movie: - The effects of creation. All the creatures were well done, their movements were realistic and fit well with other paintings. To be honest, the effects of creation were the ONLY reason I gave this film 2, not 1. Now the bad stuff: - Acting. Good God, I've seen bad behavior, but this movie takes away the cake. Not one of the characters is even * close * to be credible. It's as if the director sent a casting and chose the worst of it. I tried very hard not to giggle too loud because I did not want to upset anyone in the theater, but the acting was really BAD. - Plot: The whole story is full of holes from beginning to end. You can choose at least 5 holes for the story from every 30 minutes of the movie. The holes in the story are of course free with cheese. This is probably one of the most banal, thoughtless and stupidest stories I've ever seen on the screen, since I had a serious misfortune to sit one night and watch the parasite on the SciFi channel. - Dialogue: This is a world in which everyone talks the funniest and most banal thing they can, at every opportunity. In this world, it seems that every line has already been used in at least 30 other low-budget movies created. It is the world of cheese and banality. -Special effects. While the effects of creation were amazing, the special effects failed miserably. Yes, they are better than in other movies, but many of them are in the presentation. And this movie has no presentation. Honestly, it looks a bit like the special effects used in the Power Rangers TV show. In summary: Dragon Wars is not worth the time or money. The concept is good, but imprisoned in bad direction, acting, dialogue and trashiness of the film. Wait for the next big monster movie to appear. It must be better than this because Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
