THE KING MAKER will undoubtedly be successful in Thailand, where the similar (but better) "The Legend of Suriyothai" set up cash records. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporna after the script by Sean Casey based on historical facts from 1547, Siam has amazingly beautiful visual elements, but is disarmed by one of the worst scenarios for pedestrians and the development of the plot on the film. <br /> <br /> The incident in question is the arrival of the Portuguese soldier of the fortune Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch), whose revenge for the murderer of this father brings him to a survivor, captured and thrown into captivity and placed in a block in Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam, where it is purchased by the beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past that reveals itself as the story progresses. There is a conspiracy to overthrow King and Fernando, and his new Siamese helper Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after an unjustified improved choreography of CGI martial arts, is first rewarded by the king to become his bodyguards and then imprisoned together when Queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals his plot to kill the king and son to allow her lover Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to seize power over Siam. However, of course, Fernando and Tong run away and are doomed to fight each other to save the lives of their families (Tonga's wife and children and the strong romance of Fernando with Maria) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> Acting (with the exception of John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the movie sometimes seems to be meant for a camp. Mostly the Thai cast struggles with the poorly written dialogue, which means we would like them to use their native Thai with subtitles. Ian Livingstone's score sounds like it was exhumed from old TV soap operas. But if it's a visual glow, it's a lot after it, and that makes the movie worth watching. It is a film that has obvious high financial support for all special effects and the masses of cast and set design and shows its good intentions. Only the basics are missing. Grady Harp
