As with most reviewers, I saw it on Starz! On demand. After watching the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to watch it from how bad the preview was. On the other hand, I thought it looked pretty strange to guarantee watching. My point is that the Dr. Meso project itself guaranteed at least a brief review of the title. After watching it, I can say that although there are some interesting aspects (namely, browsing notebooks and trying to understand incomprehensible stories), it is best to discuss this. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After making their first music video for their unfinished album, vocalist Cassidy kills herself, trying to get her boyfriend Neil to notice her. Three months later, the band tries to decide if they will complete the album or not. To see what Cassidy would like, they go to an old psychic friend, Dr. Meso, and try to contact her through him. While reading the card, Dr. Meso shows four simple death cards for the four remaining team members. Bad times are coming. (I just wanted to emphasize that in the further part of the movie they explain that the Death card really represents change. Kudos at least to them.) Even without the consent of the deceased friend, they decide to go further and finish the album. But when she's in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, sees her dead friend. When another teammate enters her, Dora stands in the dark asking for glasses. Then killing begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the movie from the very beginning is that it seems to be heavy, stylized as a mistake. Too many distortion effects, unnecessary zooms and a lot of other low-cost effects determine the film. Inconsistent plot also does not help. As the narration merges into one part, when Cassidy resurrects, everything falls apart. We have cuts between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously was able to get into a closed building), which shows that they are connected in one way or another. However, within a few minutes of this revelation, it turns out that Cassidy really is an independent being from Meso. Then he turns on the guy who helped her in revenge, and he escapes in a way that reminds Jack Nicholson Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From this moment, Cassidy's location is shown, but there are strange breaks, because the character moves from place to place almost out of sequence. In one of the scenes we see Cassidy standing at the desk, when the figure enters the next one, nowhere is her. When she moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of the corridor. Then in another room grabbing the keys (which Neil already has), then back. Not to mention that from some point Cassidy's mood seems to be 180 without a catalyst. In an instant she wants to kill everyone (though she hurt only 90% of the character) - another apologizes to everyone and goes out the door to die again. Sounds misleading? That's because it is. It is a chaotic mess that the writer could not even think about. <br /> <br /> When it comes to performances, most of them are particularly wooden. Some, however, are interesting, but generally it is not a piece that would be known to work. History is the driving force behind this song.
