I hope that the viewer who thinks "Dream Machine" is one of the best and best films of the century, Corey Haima, joked. No sarcasm from my side? I sincerely hope. <br /> <br /> The "Dream Machine" is the first of a long line of mediocre whims that harass the rest of Corey Haim's career (except for the "Prayer of the Rollerboys" which was surprisingly decent). Here Haim plays a nonchalant college boy, Bernie, who thinks that a nice car will attract the attention of his dream girlfriend. The happiness for Bernie, a rich woman who wants to return to her betrayal husband, hastily decides to reward her faithful piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: the slippery Porsche Turbo. However, the woman did not know and unfortunately for Bernie that her late husband was murdered and his body was hidden in the trunk. Now, because in this movie the bodies do not seem to be falling apart or have a rather disgusting funk, Bernie is not aware of that. In fact, the unconscious boy has no idea that something suspicious happens despite some strange circumstances that arise. In particular, a grizzly man follows him, desperate to capture this relatively undetectable body. <br /> <br /> This is a low quality performance, because many such Haim movies (see The Double O Kid). Despite the fact that the film is part of the action, partly a romantic comedy, the film does not offer the viewer anything interesting for at least the first forty-five minutes in which the filmmakers devote enough time to show a direct problem (eg Bernie is in possession of a car and dead body, as well as a man who finds out that Porsche will be difficult to find). After which, and thanks to poor actor Haim (I also loved this kid, but this is not a sacrilege admission to times when he apparently could not work well) and the lack of real immediacy and sudden threat between Bernie and villain makes the majority events is unconvincing, and therefore invaluable. To add an injury to the insults, the soundtrack was unbelievably ridiculous and sounded more like the obvious songs you can hear in Team America (see "date" editing). <br /> <br /> Loyal fans of Corey Haim should, however, not be disappointed when you see their boy in abundance. However, others who understand that Haim's career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered, can expect mediocrity, as do spectators looking for b-comedy in the early 90s to kill time.
