Michael Caine has always claimed that Ashanti was "the only movie (he) he did only for money" as well as "the worst film he ever performed." Hold on, Michael, you were not at The Swarm and Hurry Sundown? And were not both these films much worse than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine remembers too miserably that it is physically punishing to film an action movie at 130 degrees Fahrenheit (director Richard Fleischer was hospitalized as a result of a sunstroke while shooting). What really emerges from Ashanti is not a lower career point of Michael Caine. Instead, it is a very average thriller with talented casts, exotic places, boring sections and a highly formal story. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a physician of W.H.O, who is devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) went missing during an auxiliary trip to an African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife has been kidnapped by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and embarks on a journey to the whole continent, which ultimately leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> Along the way, big stars fall into inefficient and unnecessary roles of guests. William Holden has a weak episode as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows little of his usual charm or favor as a spoiled Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison looks bored in his short role as a helpful contact who helps Caine in his mission. The film is based on a bestseller called Ebano, by a little-known author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the tension that made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as a slave (he seems to be unable to give bad performances in all his films), and Caine generates credible torments as a man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are flashes of action from time to time, but Ashanti is quite slow in general. To sum up, it is a resistance to action that is not as scary as Caine often suggested, but it is not a very inspiring movie, and certainly a profession associated with all talent.
