I'm impressed! Wow, get ready for amazement with the amazing ninja ways. Watch them jumping, crawling on the ground (on their backs or stomachs) like a caterpillar, flying in the sky, climbing buildings, hiding and jumping from trees, throwing ninja stars, playing blue welcome mats, disappearing in smoke bombs, make a sharp noise with your blades and quickly sneak in or poach on your fingers. What a view! I would really be able to continue many traditional activities, but I will be here all day. Oh, let's not forget that from time to time legendary Chuck Connors appears and watch how easily he fired a ninja with his rifle. What class! What a bad thing! In any case, the ultra-cheap "Sakura Killers" is some stupid, but cheesy ninja game that only fanatics of this genre will get something from this class b shonky fiasco. <br /> <br /> The genetic laboratory in America has very much an important movie that was stolen by several ninja. Two Americans are sent to Japan by a colonel (Chuck Connors) to get him back. <br /> <br /> Opening the function sets them up nicely. Prepare for laughter! Then he slows down, but soon after the two main characters learn about the ninja and undergo training, he gets his head when they break into costumes and run away from the stolen beta tape, which contains a very important formula. That's when violently fast action and aerobic marital art really come into play. It is also not too tacky (like a moronic scenario and crazy performances). The final climatic game is very well done. <br /> <br /> At a slow pace, two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) look into the suitcase, sharing their mindless conversations and encountering minor problems. It made me laugh how the ninja was discouraged by how brave and clever they were. It was supposed to be a professional killer? Director Dusty Nelson ("Efekty (1989)") performs sincere work with what he has and plays what he is. He focuses action on the screen around the striking places of Taiwan. The score is a chintzy layout.
