So I hired it from Netflix because someone gave me a book by Roger Ebert, "I hated it, I hated it, I hated the movie" and gave this rare, zero star rating in the book and said at the end of its original review "Mad Dog Time should be cut to provide free ukulele election for the poor. " So I thought from Ebert saying that I would see if it was really as bad as he said. I know most people say they do not listen to critics and do not judge for themselves, but I could not say how much I hate this piece of rubbish like Ebert and never since Ebert Robert Reiner's review "North" in which he said he hates it film ten. Sometimes I heard such a genius movie review about hatred. We've got Richard Dreyfuss here as a gangster who I do not think it would be scary if Dreyfuss was a gangster if the script for the movie was well written. But most of all other things that were awful in connection with this "movie", I can certainly say that the script was not written at all. While the movie begins with Jeff Goldblum saying that he liked watching Dreyfuss, while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the film begins with a decent dialogue after the opening credits. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes the remaining 85 minutes are made up of stupid characters speaking meaningless trash for 30 seconds, and then someone is shot. Then there are lots of jokes about Dreyfuss's mental illness. Ha ha. Not funny. Then comes the unpleasant and unpleasant scene that parodies My Sin by Frank Sinatra, which Gabriel Byrne sang, apparently offending Dreyfuss. Of course, because the script was written at the level of the sixth grader, Dreyfuss shoots more than five times Byrne, and Byrne simply will not die. Should we, as an audience, even care or consider it a bit funny? I can certainly tell you that I did not care or it was not funny. I'm not only disappointed with Dreyfus (who I admire as an actor) for producing and performing in these flaks, but I'm also very disappointed with Jeff Goldblum because it was released the same year that Independence Day was the most profitable film year and eventually one of the most successful movies in history. Did Goldblum think that Independence Day would be a flap, and then take on another role that he was offered to earn some money if the Independence Day was a bomb? What did the Oscar winner and star of the two biggest commercial films in history like in this case? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says that the movie takes place on a different planet. All I want to do now is that I wasted 93 minutes watching this garbage that would have been opened in cinemas on a planet where it would supposedly take place, so that everyone on this planet would never find this absurd waste of my 93 minutes of life I will never come back. Ebert, saying that the film should be cut, is not good enough. I'm afraid. Every copy of "Mad Dog Time" should pour over all gasoline and light it in the fire. I still have the worst movie I've ever seen, because this film won the honor of being the worst film ever.
