What an insult to Olivia D'Abo, who plays the protagonist of the movie, Robin, to make Keanu Reeves so big in the art of the boxed movie (or at least in the recent reissues, just to make Reeves appear on the box), considering she was a star. I realize that his name ultimately sells this forgotten special school, but at least it will give her some recognition. <br /> <br /> Still, it must be one of the worst teenage sports-themed videos I've ever seen, and I'm very trying to add not only stereotypes of teens and sports videos from class war between feisty gymnasts to teenagers' romance. And, trying to somehow provide yourself as an amateur alternative Flashdance (with music in one of the dance scenes in the magazine, is even quite close to the famous "Maniac" Michael Sembello, who became famous by Flashdance, or was it the opposite)?). It includes similar dance sequences and even worse, even the dance of the 80s and sports traditions with dances between the heroine and her antagonists who doubt her successes and skills in the team. We saw it in Trashin '(vertical ramp) and Rad (BMX dance at the ball, although it was not too much for competition, but rather for fun). In fact, this movie is full of unrealistic overgrowths, such as the somewhat homo-erotic scrolling of clothes in the Salvation Army with Robin and her friend from the band. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the movie is about a young girl who comes from a rather bad background. In addition, in the great need to squeeze out the audience as much as possible, she lives with her sick mother, her unbearable sister and her careless (and somewhat offensive) stepfather. Needless to say, homelife is not so appealing. Add to this mix, talent for gymnastics, but a few obstacles to joining the team (including the annoyance of her arrogant, snobbish team and coach, who finally doubts her ability to compete well). And of course, we can not forget that he has eyes on one of the nice guys who meet with one of the unbearable teammates, or that there is no permanent boyfriend (although Keanu as Tommy later enters the picture). Can this child be more pathetic? And it seems that one mess after another appears to embarrass her in a painfully long, unnecessary and clichéd effort to prove to all her worth. <br /> <br /> But even the most important moments of cheesy that cover the majority of the film is not worth mentioning, given that the greatest dispersion of this movie is terrible acting and dialogue. (I like how the gym trainer suddenly appears in the middle of the dance-off bar to cheer his teammates). This makes the episodes of "Amazing Stories" look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that anyone who is able to locate this movie and watch it nowadays, probably attracts it mainly due to the nostalgic factor. You can also be happy about it, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. So, think about emptiness.
