After watching this movie, I have two very annoying things about this movie: why did they make Chen the character of "McGuyver", and the character Lee is such an incompetent idiot? The character of Chen's character is that he grew up in an underground Cambodian orphanage for a bloodthirsty warrior, where he learns to fight to death like wild "dogs". This detail is pushed early during the scene in which he gets into a taxi and when he starts to drive shows how he does not know the seat belt. Soon after this scene has a similar situation in the dim sum restaurant. Not only is he not educated but he is starving. This is not about Chen's thin figure, but about the two early scenes in the film, where food is knocked out, one of which is rice porridge from the floor of the lower deck on the old ship. In the first ten minutes of the movie it was established that Chen is malnourished, not modernized and has only one thing for him, his "doggy" adventurous fighting style. Despite this situation, Chen manages to shoot every policeman (he even manages to bounce off the metal pipe to hit the guy in the head who held Chen's girl hostage) and somehow achieved a great human strength (swinging a 50 lb block of concrete, plastered at the end of the metal pipe, to the head of the AS police chief, who is shot in the chest by the said boss). <br /> <br /> Now the character of Lee ... alright, I understand, he is depressed, he has some luggage, but wow, can he do everything right? In an instant they try to be cool, calm and ready to deal with business matters, and in the next moment he was beaten again. The first scene in which he falls into Chen, he manages to miss him, about 15 feet, many times. At the end of this scene, Lee watches Chen as a close friend and colleague who slowly bends his neck with a long knife for a good 5 seconds, holding the gun on Chen's face within 10 feet. Even at the end of the movie Lee manages to stab him to death and once again fails. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem in this movie is that it is presented in such a way that filmmakers try to get the audience sympathetic to Chen's character and simply "kills to survive". It would be a lot easier if I did not watch Chen dying innocent people all this awful movie. Of the many dead people, only two people were going to kill him, police chief and Lee. Others are just people who eat, boat owners, taxi drivers and policemen trying to arrest him instead of killing him. In general, the character Chen is simply a cold-blooded killer who kills what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention that for the most part of the movie it is a wad of hundred dollar bills?) My 3 stars get to the interesting work of the director / camera, which has cool pictures. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: One created with Chen fans in mind. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
