Because of my "Kool-Aid drinkers" attention, I mean that they are such devoted fans of Pavarotti that they do not try to objectively evaluate this film. Giving this 10 is similar to awarding Wally Cox a prize for Mr. Universe or placing the velvet image of Elvis in the Louvre !!! When this movie debuted, I remember wild reviews with headlines, such as "No, Giorgio", and some have claimed that this is one of the worst films ever. It also definitely exaggerates. Although the film is bad and far from a great work of art, there was much to like in the film, and the biggest deficit of the film was not Pavarotti's action or his bust. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the burden of guilt rests solely on the shoulders of writers (who, I think, were chimpanzees). One rarely sees a movie with such a cliché dialogue or silly scenes as the fight for food, but even these are not the heart of the problem. The problem is that the writers intend to ensure that the audience is concerned about the "romance" of a horny middle-aged husband and a desperate lady. Perhaps the European audience may be more forgiving, but in the United States in 1982. Or today, such a romance seems miserable and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "it's just fun." Wow, talk about a romantic dialogue! Unfortunately, if they just changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti a widower, and maybe his wife was like a wife from several classic Hollywood movies like ALL THROUGH AND HEAVEN, TOO or SUSPENSION (where the wife was so vile and unlikely that you can forgive my husband's affair and even kill her). Instead, she is a loving mother of two children who patiently wait at home while her selfish husbands turn right and left - as Pavarotti admits he had many things before Harrold's meeting. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even Pavarotti's great music could not save this movie. At the end of the movie in New York there are some amazing scenes in which the set is simply amazing, and Pavarotti's singing transcendent. For this reason, I think that the movie deserves at least 3. I really wanted to like this movie more, but it was a really bad movie - though not as rotten as you could hear. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I've read, this movie may be a case of art that mimics life, as Pavarotti's life later had some similarities to this film, although it is not a forum where you can discuss it in detail.
