I did not hear about the movie until I read the article on the Unknown Movies page, which made me curious. As an illustrator and illustrator I am a fan of Richard Williams' work - I rate Ziggy's gift as one of the best Christmas specials of all time, and even if Who Framed Roger Rabbit has ceased to be one of my favorite movies when I passed. At the age of sixteen I still have the highest respect for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that was used to create the visualization - but it seems that the man has his drawbacks, especially the tendency to exceed the budget and exceed the schedule, and this film is a testimony of how far even a very talented person can go like Williams, given the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are weird sweets that try to be weird and experimental and off the wall as part of a cartoon for children. He also tries to be a musical. He's trying to be a thousand other things - is that weird? Is this a mind blower? Is it a pean to the innocence of the child's imagination? - until it eventually collapses under the weight of its own unlimited ambitions and aspirations. For the most part it is beautifully animated, although a colorless background could have used a bit more attention, but even that does not matter when you face the hallucinogenic absurd, which is a big part of the "action" here. br /> <br /> There are many problems with the film, but let's start with Raggedy and Ann and Andy. They are the stars of the series, but they do not have personality. Actually, we get the message that Andy is an inept hard guy ("I'm not a girl's toy," she sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because her owner, a little girl named Marcella, wears her upside down, but that's all what can we learn about these boring mud characters, because the incredible strangeness of this movie begins soon after. I recommend the word "quirk" because some strange movies can be very funny, but it's just weird. Toys and dolls in the playroom should be cute and charming, but in reality they are strange and disturbing. Two marionettes that do and say everything is in sync are the best example. But even they are relatively normal compared to the constantly sneezing pirate captain, whose mustaches become straight and whose groin clearly swells when he sees a charming French doll for the first time. Yes, it's supposed to be a movie for children! Then there is music, none of which is memorable, and all are sung by actors who can not sing. To add insults to injury, there is a lot of singing in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally get out of the playroom, the first thing they do is to sing a long number in the forest about how much they are afraid, about how they will always be each other and ... yes, we receive a message. It seems that it lasts forever, but at least it restores the appearance of normality to the film. But not for long, because a camel with wrinkled knees leads us to a bizarre world in which everything looks as if it was made of worn and faded denim, and - so much so that it is clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - it also begins hallucinations. But this is nothing compared to the following scenes. Greedy, living, breathing. bouncing, farting, constantly eating a taffy pot, is so horrible, frightening and ultimately disturbing that it's hard to believe what you see - it's so close to the drug psychedelic experience I've ever seen in a movie. Then, after the l-o-n-g time spent with the Greedy, the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo come, whose throne resembles a urinal. I can not believe I am writing here a description of a real film in a capsule - I just had to rub my eyes and remember that I do not write blogs about the overwhelming nightmare I had. Part of the sequence in Looney Land resembles one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons, for no reason, unless someone wanted to do it. All this would be fine if there was a rhyme or reason, but it is not. These scenes are just strange and very, very long. Surrealism works only when there is a strong idea behind it, or it happens despite the appearances of reality. But NOTHING in these scenes shows no reality. Take away this element and stay with pure indulgence. <br /> <br /> When the final scenes unfold, even the animation begins to look less impressive (the pirate ship, funny detail, jerks on the water in a way that suggests that some of the targets were lost during production) and there is no end event, which simply suggests that the money is over. Even with modest 86 minutes, the film seems to be an endless attempt and it is understandable why the film went to the original version. Animation enthusiasts will probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to flush this one so perfectly, but he did it and there is nothing he can do about it.
