Once again, one of the most incomprehensible goddesses of my country has been perverted by "Westerners" who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in its dark forms. The mother accepts the terrifying form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and to scare our ego. And although the sacrifice of blood is offered to Kali and Durga, the events presented in this film are simply absurd. Mother takes an angry form to be angry with our inner demons, limitations and ego when no other form will be enough. It also in her angry form burns all of your karma in the fire of "Smashan" that you cultivate in your heart so that she can dance if you love her and she will lead you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side as well as light that serves the purpose. The mother is also the embodiment of the physical Universe, it is Nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the power of destruction for new growth and for both world and spiritual life in the universe. It is very outrageous for me that people who do not know anything about India or their divinity can just take one of our beloved Goddesses and use her like a cheap prostitute to create a low-budget, horror-free talent. How dare you take our beloved Mother and present her as a horror that makes people take their eyelids! It is terrifying only for those who are attached to their ego and live in illusion, greed, anger and other internal demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote the film must have very serious self-deceitful and serious internal demons, so that Kali would be so terrible and terrible. When the ego falls, it becomes a charming, beautiful and young form, a beauty that is so captivating that it enchants the entire universe. Kali Maa is an ancient Mother, who should not be underestimated because of entertainment, let us hope that in her infinite compassion and mercy she will not get angry with the people involved in this film. <br /> <br /> The audacity that Westerners have in using a religion like mine or the religion of the Caribbean Islands, such as Santeria and Vodou, which are very positive indeed, and other religions that distort and exaggerate misunderstood elements that the Western mind can not understand completely ridiculous. It is obvious that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to this kind of cinema. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is in fact a caring and compassionate mother whom we used to tear her beautiful feet in devotion and love. And I am glad that my Mother sometimes takes an angry form to protect her devotees from myself and from outside forces. <br /> <br /> Many Praise of the REAL Kali Maa, who showed MANY path of God and realization.
