I watched it immediately after watching HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, so everything would be an improvement. In addition, it stops me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its continuation. Unfortunately, the more I watched him, the more I realized how good the original Danny Boyle was and how much this movie affected 28 WEEKS LATER <br /> <br /> It's impossible not to notice how a very 28 franchise from this type of Italian horror movie. I was absolutely convinced that ZOMBI 3 had to be created in 1980 or 1981 at the latest. - In that case, I would call my summary 28 YEARS LATER (Geddit?) - but only when I found myself on this site to find it released in 1988. All production values ​​scream that it is a low price splatter from the beginning of this decade. Perhaps I liked the film as a fifteen-year-old student in 1982, just like my peers, but not now. <br /> <br /> A significant part of the problem is related to the lack of internal continuity. For example, some zombies are shuffling with the snail's pace, while others can run very fast and have self-awareness, which leads to a funny final scene with the participation of a DJ. Similarly, some may be killed by kicking in the face, while others will stay alive, even if they chop off their heads, wait until you see the scene of the fridge, you can simply die of laughter. Even serious heroes suffer from this kind of imagined sloppy scripts, in which the character suddenly reveals that he is a helicopter pilot, which leads me to ask why the army employs him to drive jeeps for a career. <br /> <br /> Of course you. " I remembered the earlier movie THE CRAZIES, which also reminded me of later 28 films. The group of terrorists breaks into a scientific base leading to various types of disasters, and the army is a bad man trying to kill both infected and survivors, and long before the end you will discover that basically everyone is dying. The problem with this is that you will immediately remember how the British franchise did so much better with a larger budget. Not only this, but the 28 series will go to a thinking audience that may not be interested in the average horror. ZOMBI 3 will not appeal to anyone but the hardcore spray audience
