In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. However, due to Dawn of the Dead's early import of George Romero, who passed this name to the Italian edition, he was changed to Zombi 2. (Which also had a bonus, allowing the public to think that this is the continuation of Romero's second film). Continuing this topic, the second Zombi movie, which would be called Zombi 2, was then titled Zombie. In the UK, the original Zombi movie (Zombie 2) was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this topic, the second Zombi movie (Zombi 3) ​​was then titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for the British edition. (Do you follow all of this?) So if the zombie meat eaters were Dawn Fulci, is your 2nd Day of the Dead? Although this is only an incorrect observation, this tale of military relationships, helicopters and sombre narrative certainly has a vague subject resemblance. <br /> <br /> Some of Fulci's European commands force us to make such a movie, but acting, dubbing and a heavy exposure scenario are absolutely terrifying. His ecological message is so forced and inflated that it can no longer be considered as an undertone, while there is (involuntarily) a comical tribute to the Birds. Combining this last element with the MOR 80 rock is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking about Monkey Time (q.v.) the entire time I watched it. Of course, this is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing to compete with topless diving, zombie with sharks and eyeballs on the splinter, the Fulci misogynistic tendencies have a training session with the mouth of the cleaner in the hotel ground in the mirror until the blood spurts. His fanatical tendencies to gore also see the tear of the hand. Both topics are combined when the woman's face is torn off, first by one zombie, and then by a fetal zombie that breaks out of the stomach of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> From the point of view of production, this is obviously a step forward from Zombie, coming five years later. (Nine years around the world). But without the niche charm of the original, he fights, while Stefano Mainetti's music is inadequate and boring. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things in the movie '79. Here, zombie attacks take place on something that sounds disturbing, like "Holding on to the hero" Bonnie Tyler. In the midst of this massacre, we get annoying interest in love, and Roger and Kenny, two bland Macho types that do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly state the obvious. ("We do not have ammunition" for a delay pistol is a special distinction). But where it also falls, it's in the zombies themselves. A low key or not, the original Fulci had really great, rotting zombies. Skull faces, worms in eye sockets ... they were really something to see. In contrast, this boring continuation decides for a more traditional option "men with a bit of paint on their faces". <br /> <br /> The climax breaks too many Romero movies to be even fun, while the use of a DJ is a poor and cheap narrative device. Without the same elements of indignation and unjustified nakedness, it is unlikely that he would have the same cult charm. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci actually left the project after apparently he directed only fifteen minutes, the rest was shot by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure that even Fulci would deny the absurd scene of the "flying zombie head", and therefore the director's recognition that he had a good sense to leave. Unfortunately, his name exceeds the title of the film on publishing houses, so most people will have the impression that it is a Fulci movie. On this scale, it is a serious failure for him, because this movie commits what you imagine that Fulci considers the worst crime of all: being boring.
