Zombie 3 begins when a group of armed men steals an experimental chemical substance designed to revive the dead, while trying to escape a man is shot and a metal container with a chemical substance is broken. The man gets some green chemical substance for the wound on the hand, which soon transforms it into a body that cannibalizes zombies. In a few hours the area crawls with the undead body, searching for new victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his army buddies are in great trouble when they stop to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lia (Deborah Bergammi) who was pecked by zombie birds (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and must stop the plague of zombies from around the world! But will he and his people succeed? <br /> <br /> This Italian film was to be directed by Lucio Fulci, an Italian producer of zombie movies, but the story succeeded, so he suffered a stroke and therefore could not finish the movie, so the producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of the second band Bruno Mattei and writer Claudio Fragasso about entering and completing the film. Apparently, Mattei and Fragasso did more than just end up, in fact they disregarded many shots of Fulci shot and added a lot of their own, and Zombi 3 ended up as an almost simple 50/50 split. The Fragasso script is an absolute mess, none of them is well thought out and as stupid as they can be. Scenes of zombie birds attacking people are not only technically inept, but the whole idea is simply absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge, and the zombies are slow when they are shuffling along, but then look at the scene earlier, where he was attacked by a machete zombie, because it runs like on steroids, and then without a reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the end of the movie, the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak, which also looks stupid. With Zbibi 3 there are so many things wrong, a scene on the stage of a terribly thought-out and inept action, a horrible figure and a really boring broken English dialogue that does not make sense halfway through time. Then there is an embarrassing scene in which the zombie's head inside the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly in the air and bite some neck, a scene in which the white-suited man in the end is going to kill Kenny and Roger, but instead of using their automatic rifles, which they decide to try and kill by hand, even when Kenny raises the gun, they still refuse to use their rifles and when Kenny starts shooting at them, they still refuse to use their rifles and this is one of the most ineptly handled scene rifles ever filmed, and then it's over, which Kenny takes off in the helicopter, but can not rest on the ground, just a few seconds to choose his buddy, and then underneath suddenly a zombie load of grass pops up, eh? Since the zombies were still hiding under the piles of grass? All this may sound "fun", but believe it is not, it's a really bad movie that's just boring, repetitive and just does not work at any level as an entertainment element, with the exception of a few unintentional laughter. <br /> <br /> It's difficult to say who was responsible for what exactly, but no movie is particularly well done. It has a nauseous feeling without life and for some reason the creators tried to bathe every scene in the fog, the problem is that they had only one fog machine and you can see that in one corner of the screen the fog is noticeably thicker than it goes straight out of the machine and thins, when it is distracting on the stage. Because many of them are set up during the day, it does not add any atmosphere, and when they do it well and the fog is evenly distributed on the screen, it looks like they shot the scene on a foggy day! The direction is weak, without consistency and looks and feels at the bottom of the barrel. Even blood and gore do not match, at the beginning of a torn bloody hand, a scene in which something tears from the belly of a pregnant woman, a legless woman (which really took her legs off in the pool why did not take off the guy who jumped in to save her?) and some zombie-looking ones are as bloody as they can be. For anyone who is hoping to see the fest gore, which regularly takes place in Fulci in the late 70's and early 80's, will be very disappointed, there are no decent feeding scenes, no intestines, no "shots" in the head "and very little gore at all. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the film is weak, the special effects are cheap, the pictures are boring, the music is terrible, the locations are bland and have production values ​​on the bottom. This was shot in the Philippines to reduce costs to a minimum. The whole film is of course dubbed, the acting still looks terrible, and the English version was written by someone who does not understand the language so well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a continuation of the classic Fulci gore zombie fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with the title cash-in. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is an amateurish mess in the movie, it's boring, it does not make sense, it's not funny enough to be fun and it lacks a decent gore. One to avoid.
