Where should I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie and I did it. Still, I wanted to be able to enjoy being the next zombie movie that was worth my loot and was not. It was a different kind of pleasure. It was an unhealthy, perverse joy that I participated in watching one of the most absurd movies I saw. And I do not care what Fulci's excuses were, there was no excuse for this movie as it went. The whole movie was bad, but I still can not give it below 4 out of 10, which I gave him, because well ... at least I was able to laugh at this film mismatch. br /> <br /> I had to imagine that those zombies that were everywhere on the ceilings of these buildings around the world ... had to imagine that they were either bored as hell, so they crawled on the beemes and settled on high stone erections or they could see the fleshy vivid motley jerk-offs, so they took on a lot of ambush scenes. What the hell can you do when you're dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some of the zombies doing something that looked like swings, kicks and jumps in martial arts, and some were rolling like traditional meat lovers. I have tasted the eyes of a floating head that has never been explained. I was purely terrifying to see how the land they were in, the Phillipens, was completely absorbed in fog, heavy doses of fog, and ponds, like a boiling moat. I even had to be ashamed when I saw that the design of the remedy for this plague was outlined on the board as an octagon with lines extending from every angle, with the "Dead" written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... is learning how to treat zombies be so easy, I wonder if I could come up with something that could trigger a zombie epidemic here! <br /> <br /> All in all the effects were overdone, dubbing was awful, I'm sure that the original works as poor, absurd history, zombies inconsistent, even in a bad way that all could be similar and women ugly, but me I was happy about it. It was a funny watch. It turned out to be a very bad movie and I would not recommend it unless you're in a bad director's movie, but I'm still talking ... it was worth a laugh. Regardless of everything, I want movies about zombies, but when it's called Fulci, it should be a lot better. Let me dare say that Zombie Holocaust was better.
