I am an avid fan of Lucio Fulci, but I must say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") from 1988, which he made with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudia Fragasso, was quite a disappointment. Especially compared to his great predecessor, the classic Gore 'Zombi 2' Fulci (also called 'Zombie Felsh Eaters' / 'Zombie') from 1979, this is very disappointing. A clear, low score of 4.5 already suggests that this is not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not in Italian Zombie movies, and as enthusiastic lovers of Italian horror movies and low-budget operating cinema, I love many movies that they only received lower grades. In addition, many of my colleagues from the Italian horror film seem to consider this film an underestimated one, which I unfortunately can not agree with. Not that the movie was a complete catastrophe. It has some advantages, first of all the sickening Fulci effects, which are always a pleasure for fans of Italian horror / gore. The basic idea of ​​the film is also not bad (though far from the original) and I liked the ruthless image of the army. Unfortunately, it's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely bloody, but otherwise really frightening, it is neither frightening nor scary for a minute, and nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to watch "Zombi 3". The movie is sometimes funny to watch, but only for gore and as an unintentional comedy. I think it's mainly up at Fulci and a disappointing rest from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in some nasty cult movies (such as D'Amato's Porn Porno Holocaust), and the other one is responsible for one of the worst movies, ever created, terrible "Troll 2". In general, it's definitely possible to see for gore, but of all the Fulci movies I've seen so far, this is by far the worst and I've seen most of the repertoire of this amazing filmmaker. I am a fan of Fulci and I will always be, but it is definitely not his magical moment. It can be fun for gore, but I recommend watching every other Fulci movie before!
