I can not remain indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I consider Breaking the Waves a masterpiece. I loved "Dancer in the Night". I admired the idea in Dogville, but the general exercise seemed too dry and too theatrical, less cinematic. "Europa", which I see only now, was at that time a famous film, in the USA she achieved the relative success of the European film and received an Oscar for the best foreign language film, but in my opinion it did not survive well. It is also an overly clear and extroverted exercise in cinema art according to my taste. <br /> <br /> The story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the viewer. The treatment of the period immediately after the Second World War, not in the black and white colors of winners and defeated, executioners and victims, but rather ambiguous times when people from both sides fought for survival as a result of a catastrophic event that changed the lives of nations and individuals it is always a source of disputes to this day, more such were fictional and bold two decades ago. However, these are the means of expression that really do not seem to fit the task. <br /> <br /> The film seems to contain many quotes coming directly from Hitchcock movies, especially his early films embedded in pre-war Europe, with brave British spies fighting evil German spies on trains passing at high speed on the continent in the dark . Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and drama. Here, the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparks of Germany's renaissance after the war, their power, obsession with order and regulation, punctuality and kindness. Characters that populate the train are far from the classic spy stories. The main character, a young American of German descent, coming to post-war Europe, wanting to participate in the process of help and reconciliation, is in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators who look more like oppressive occupiers, defeated, not resigned to their fate, but rather willing to continue self-destruction, with love doubtfully mixed up with treachery. <br /> <br /> In this case it is a classic treatment of the film. The actions of the protagonists, especially Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confusing and devoid of credibility. General cinematography does not seem similar to Hitchcock, but rather to the wrong imitation of Hitchcock in the late 1930s. The use of color for the black and white film used most of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. It is not that Van Trier has not mastered his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to be trying too hard to show who a great filmmaker is. It really is great, as I will show in some of my later films, but the viewer will decide.
