... but I was expecting better from Caroline Munro. She made some good movies and I hoped it would be just as good. in fact, she and this other blonde (a girl who was electrocuted, I think) were the only of the 8-11 actors who could act. this movie has the worst acting I've ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). She was really stupid when the woman was in the shower and Marty prepared her to put the battery acid there. she starts screaming, and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the world. he tries to get out, but "accidentally" falls back. I admit that violence and history are good, as is the music of Harry Manfredini, but acting could have been MUCH better. there were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they are strangely similar to dan akyroyd. also, when they find the fried corpse of this woman in the tub, one would think that they would scream and throw themselves into the vortex. Caroline Munro and blonde are the only ones who react. Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw the fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would vomit. also, when Joe starts saying things like "what happened to marty was an accident, it was not our fault." He talks like his nervous or scared, but he barely shows facial expressions. then the blonde starts to cry and says "I'm scared!" and she catches Joe. I think the actress really did not know who the guy is who. ending the movie is the most confusing thing I have ever seen. more confusing than the culmination of "jaws: revenge." all eight friends are dead, marty kills them all, but then you see something that looks like being chased by a rotten corpse, and then just cuts dead still in the hospital after the accident, and then, when the movie ends, the marty disguises as a nurse, trying to calm him down, but then we see that marty slipped into her clothes or something like that kills the doctor, and the movie ends up dead from the skin of his face. which leads me to the next question. WHAT WERE A WRITTEN ON WHEN ARRIVED FROM THIS?!?!?!?! Did he really expect people to understand what the hell happened? the ending left me so confused. were the characters still alive? Does Marty still have grudges? have events that we just saw have not happened yet? I do not know. In general, this movie was quite stupid. the game sucked, the music was fine, the story was quite decent (except for the ending). basically it's just one of your average movies from the 80's. see it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the film was released from intentional drug abuse. I think he was the only one who knew the movie really. PILA SH **
