The film begins a retrospective for Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students play a joke in the nerd class of Marta. When they are punished for playing this joke, they follow him with a greater joke, which (as for a course in mischief-pranked gulls) goes ridiculously uncomfortable, leaving Marty burnt by fire and acid-stained for accuracy. Five years later, when we find members of a gathering of students in an abandoned high school for their five-year meeting. We learn that it is no coincidence that everyone at the congress belonged to a joke of flashbacks, because all participants are persecuted and killed by a mysterious, fooled murderer in a more and more complicated and demented funny fashion. You do not need Sherlock Holmes to solve the murderer's identity, because it turns out that he is none other than Marty's scar, who apparently used his rage and high intellect to bend the laws of physics and engineering in order to get school for the revenge scenario. The film turns in a bizarre direction when Marty ends her revenge on her former tormentors to be haunted by their ghosts. Marty finally gets completely marginalized and takes her life. Finally, the movie explodes the crescendo of chaotic strangeness, because the whole scenario of revenge turns out to be a dream above all when Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, breaks away from ties, stabs a nurse and finally fools her own face. <br /> <br /> The scenario is tired and suffers from the terminal logic of horror. The only originality comes from the intricate minds of sending victims. The absurd ending of all this was drowsy. It's almost as if someone pointed to the chaotic nature of the film and the writer decided then and there that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the movie is terrible. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I had to pause the movie and play with the color on my TV. Acting is below the norm, even for slasher films. I can not stop thinking that casting was part of the problem, because all the actors look at least five years older than the characters they represent, which makes the flashback scene even more involuntarily ridiculous. Their lack of involvement in the film is obvious, because half of them can not bother with the accents in the film. <br /> <br /> All this has been said, if you like bad horror movies, you can like this one. This is not the worst movie of this genre, but it is far from the best.
