What did Domino hate about everything and I mean everything? Perhaps it was the general glory of being a bounty hunter; maybe it's sexism that impersonates an interesting and interesting science about a feminine hero with a hard figure; maybe it was the usual look of the movie with its weird yellow glow and distorted blue shades or the way it takes an actress like Lucy Lui; who deserves a lot more than this garbage; and it has to sit in one place in the room, the light can not hit directly with the same stupid expression on the face. Maybe this edition; this awful fast fire edition and the way lines of dialogue echo when spoken by people like Kiera Knightly who, if you buy as a bounty hunter, then you'll probably be able to cheat in the belief that the world will end in 2012 year. <br /> <br /> Nobody leaves Domino with any credibility, absolutely nobody. It is a painful and erroneous experience, drawing inspiration from things like Natural Born Killers and letting loose ideas from the audience, not even for them. The main question is: "Was Domino supposed to be a comedy?" As with his comically evil guide, uttering certain lines that desperately want us to think that it is "hard", but actually resembles a more arrogant fifteen-year-old on the first day in a public school, trying to impress my peers. There are things that you really can not react to, whether they are funny or not. If it is to be a comedy, then another question arises: "Is the life of a bounty hunter really worth using for laughter?" I do not think so. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with the title card "Based on a true story ........ if it's like." If it's going to be some kind of postmodern technique that allows the director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate history Domino Harvey for your own special purpose, you're just on a different planet. The truth is that in one of the initial quotes, the film identifies the subject and the original text before it completely breaks out and says "kind" that I think will enable them to make Domino older than it should and appear in Jerry Springer. Then we find out about Domino's relationship with her father, who died in the film when she was ten; here is the first use of the "type" of a police officer, how she was only four years in real life. If, however, the film went hand in hand with the dates of reality, then all of its movement would be born of death ........ its golden fish. <br /> <br /> We are then forced to act with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) Choco (Ramírez) itself and the would-be business. During this scene, the American mother is pinned with gunfire in her own caravan inland, begging for her son's life. What a really wrong opening; presenting three guides as nasty people who break into the trailers, fire up the innocent weapons that we know nothing about and approach the shooting of their domestic dogs. <br /> <br /> The direct feeling is hatred for the three leads, the feeling of "No, why are you doing this? Why is this happening? ' Bad seeds are planted and you do not know that they are sticking. The film is painful to watch, even tearing; just like these three songs pass through the song along with the performances of actors known to play characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another stupid postmodern procession, people playing alone and this kind of Joker cards played again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role that resembles Robert Downey Jr Natural Born Killers. <br /> <br /> So, as the movie revolves, and Domino gets incorporated into the gang of Ed and Choco, only for her good looks I can add that in the midst of the plot is related to false registrations of I.Ds drivers or something that Choco and Domino can feel for each other. The problem is that every contractor does such a bad job in his character; there is no chemistry and no feelings between them; the film is not a love story, so why even bother with this path? Does anyone care about these two characters in the midst of all the quick editions and exploding things? If there is a "feeling" between Choco and Domino, it exists in such a small, small, minimalist scale that you must ask why it is even included. <br /> <br /> So the movie feels the need to curl everything up in a narrative way. We find out about the reasons for fake I.D, which are related to someone else, and the guy talking on a mobile phone in a sound-absorbing bubble. A soundproof bubble that I can believe in, but how do you get a phone in the water and bubble, without flooding? Had to swim really fast? double the speed of the post editing of the movie, which means something in the area of ​​0.01 seconds. Yes, sure. The story of the film becomes both too complicated and simply arbitrary before the really stupid climax begins, in which more things will break out. Plus, there is a very distasteful scene with a wall map full of new ethnicities, and the movie's comedy is so dry that it has to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" To sing while people are on the popular American talk show. When we last laughed at "Jerry! Jerry! "? When did we have, say, seven years? I felt sad and depressed about the existence of such a film.
