I do not know if these problems with films are more the fault of the director or the script. As you'll see in many reviews, the style of editing is exaggerated. It is completely distracting and devoid of content, which can be considered a good thing if you look at some quotes from the movie. I do not write many reviews here, but I felt that this movie is so horrible that it deserves a comment. Films like this erode in the production of films as a form of art. Films like this show more and more clearly that the current focus of Reality in the cinema reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People improve craft there, there are 5 senses, and there business - overlooking your own inner life. However, I do not blame them, it is an increasingly unfortunate condition of this age - qualified by such films. But through these producers I would not dare call the Artists vomit there with the lack of internal life or respect on the screen - distracting everyone. The story of bounty hunters, guns with weapons and more weapons, hard-showing sex - for such a popular actress (did they write a dance scene after signing it?), A saturated, exaggerated, one line line charts. Everything else, but the same. Annoying, overwhelming music that pushes emotions to the throat. History? character development? or simply paused, missing information, revealed at the end, to create a * effect * of the story - as if it were. In total, it lacks something that resembles subtlety. It is a caricature of stereotypes and genre. Where are the films with awareness? And what about the subtlety of sound and music you do not even know? And what about the depth of the look? And what about editing for the mind and consciousness? yes, even in action movies this can happen. They probably improved the craft; but what is the use without soul and wisdom? insight into human condition? Whether people who commented and said it was the apogee of art, or compare it to Picasso and others - I say this alongside Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original trilogy of Star Wars or the Lord of the Rings; then look in my face and repeat it again. It's a good crew, but they need help from depth and history. I hope that they will get it because I like the previous work of the crews. more luck next time.
