It was another obscure title associated with Christmas, a low-budget Mexican production by the creator of the filmmaker Cardona (NOC BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which? How many species from this country? was purchased for release in the US by K. Gordon Murray. Judging from these two efforts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary? and the one who has already received her share in the flak is certainly not better! In fact, the movie is pretty nasty about the bizarre that characterized Mexican horror movies from the era, but gained an extra dimension due to the bright color (which, due to the importance of red, in addition to Nick himself), the Devil plays a central role in the proceedings? In any case, in short, the conspiracy is connected with the efforts of Satan to stop Santa's Christmas Eve meeting with Earth's children; on the way, however, there is much more crazy: at first, our gloomy, bearded and chronically cheerful red man lives in a heavenly palace, who, apart from accompanying children with toys from around the world, his piano, when they sing (painstakingly on the first drum!) in their native language, visit Merlin? the famous magician in the court of King Arthur, here embarrassing, but amusingly inclined to babble jumping and mumbling gibberish! ?? once a year, to get potions that would bring sleepiness to the young and make themselves invisible (by the way, the anachronistic presence of the Wizard here is no less probable than his doctor Frankenstein cohort at SON OF Dracula [1974] !!); By the way, by that time it always seems that he gained some excess weight, so Santa Claus must practice to be able to fit in every proverbial chimney! Devil's fools (enthusiastically rubbing their hands at every step and generally inhibiting) to sustain Santa Claus's birth program are therefore perfectly childish: indeed, their imitating shenanigans resemble the old routine of Laurel and Hardy more than anything! To equalize the time of running, we focus on three sets of children: one, lonely son of a rich couple who does not want anything more for Christmas than their company (designed as a fantasy of fulfilling wishes, in which the boy finds his parents wrapped in very large parcels!), a girl from a poor family who wants to own a doll (the horned one first tempts her to steal, then attacks the toddler's dreams unsuccessfully) and the three brats who, once again attacked by satan, think of nothing but cause scandal and ultimately fall out between each other. The imagination is definitely working here, but it is used with a small rhyme and reason, while the general approach of minors provides entertainment (unless it counts a film to feel guilty) well!
