This Santa movie starts strange and I think Santa can be a fag. Instead of the usual elven toy makers, Santa Claus has apparently kidnapped children from around the world and makes them sing a little like characters from 'It's a Small World'! I think that on the strange astral plane it lives on (apparently it is NOT the North Pole, not on Earth), there are no child labor rights! None of these children seem very happy, and I still wanted to see commandos breaking in and rescuing, although I think that for some third-world children, these working conditions were probably an improvement compared to local workshops. I hope everything they do is sing and create toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene suddenly turns into a hell, where many demons dance like in the Busby Berkeley musical. This game was stopped by Satan, who orders one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to destroy Christmas !! Personally, I thought that this movie has already done it! The devil and his pixies are actually sweet - like Hot Stuff from Harvey Comics, but with cool bad goats! Or, if you're a Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> A poor Mexican kid named Lupita, a group of shrunk kids who want to drink a Santa and some rich kid are the key battlefields for the devil and Santa !! So if the Prince of Darkness (and not Donald Trump, then the OTHER Duke of Darkness) can somehow lead her to theft and be evil, "win" - which we do not really know! In fact, when they rooting it, you get the impression that the filmmakers intend that the Holy One be Jesus - because he has all these great powers and fights the Devil for the souls of the children! Later Santa meets his friend Merlin. He asks him to make him a special powder that will make people dream of pretty dreams. Considering how much Santa laughs in the movie (like a crazy squirrel), I suppose he has to use this medicine MUCH! Immediately he goes to the blacksmith who makes him the magic key that opens ALL doors. Considering that he is holding children as his "assistants", this magical thing worries me a lot! During the Santa's Christmas Eve ride, you see that Lupita behaves like a little angel - one problem down. Saint Nicholas now has some time to take care of a rich child, whose parents are selfish shocks. He gives them a crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems have been solved. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs HELP children and solve problems! And as for small bandits, he gives them coal! Frustrated by losses for Nicholas, Pitch tries to steal the sled (pulled by the terrifying animatronic deer). When this fails, it destroys the "magic powder" of Santa Claus! As a result, Santa can not become invisible to avoid dogs and be treated. Uh, oh ... how can Santa go to the Betty Ford clinic if he's stuck in a tree ?! Is St. Nick will come down from the tree and take the monkey off his back, will the devils win? If you care, just tune in and see. However, keep in mind that the movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is damn. Although it's got a color, it's really flashy. Most of the music is performed on the organ - which along with the bad singing of children evokes probably the worst soundtrack I heard in my last memory. And the story is simply unintelligible and very, very, very scary. Devils and Santa Claus, who kidnaps children, is simply crawling. This is a film that NEVER should be shown to children, but it is a great movie to watch with friends so that you can laugh at it from the beginning to the end!
