Regardless of whether you are viewing the regular version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can be impressed only by GALL who entered this production. Filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from one end to another and obviously do not care that they do. <br /> <br /> Everything in this range is cheap. Even a car from the 1950s, in the sequence of retrospectives to that era, looks like it was taken from a scrap yard. <br /> <br /> "Hobgoblins" are, as you probably know, "realized" with badly made marionettes and stuffed toys; when a person is to be attacked by them, it is clear that the victim keeps her in the body. When creatures move away from the two bodyguards, this is shown (or rather not shown) by the camera pointing up at the guards, who look down and turn their heads, as if watching the hobgoblins rush past. This is similar to the scene from the film "Tangents", in which two people stand in the ruins of the future world, investigating the wreck and do not show it. Budget constraints with total incompetence mean that you will not have anything worth showing, so why try? The "sets" were completely ridiculous. "Club scum" was an obvious supper; the house seems to be an empty house - probably for rent or sale - which the manufacturing company has earned for an hour or two to take a picture. A "spaceship" is something that I would be ashamed to build when I was a 10-year-old in modeling. <br /> <br /> The motivations of the characters do not make sense - Kevin is vilified by his worthless ingrate girl because he did not make her "proud of him". I'm sure it was meant to make their reconciliation oh so touching at the end, but any guy with real respect for himself would tell her to go to hell and leave her. Nick reportedly returned from a two-month army training (yes, a nice regulatory hairstyle, Nick) and seems inclined to prove that our country is protected by sadistic, moronic animals that are sex maniacs. Kyle is a weirdo in sex in red shorts, who dreams of a spandex dominatrix type night, but is so effeminate that it is more likely to be gay than not. One of the girls is prudish and the other is stunning. <br /> <br /> And hobgoblins? After all, they all return to the treasury where they have been living for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and be amazed at how the primitive movie in our modern era can have a stupid script, incompetent direction, actors who are so bad that they will be rejected from high school theatrical production and sets worthy of Edward D. Wood, Jr.
