"House Of Evil" aka "Dance Of Death" from 1968 is the first of four infamous and weird recent films starring Boris Karloff directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánes. Unlike Snake People (1971), The Incredible Invasion (also 1971) and The Fear Chamber (1972), which were released after Karloff's death in 1969, House of Evil was released in 1968 when Karloff was still alive. "House Of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly quite ugly, but they definitely have entertainment value as unintentional comedies. Personally, I prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" than the other two, simply because the lack of the least logic is even more extreme, and because there is no tension in any of the films, the lack of logic increases the unintended play factor. <br /> <br /> A strange story (I do not know if I can really call it a "story") takes place somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some of the girls were murdered and found with their eyes pulled out, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organist, invites his few relatives to his bizarre mansion that is full of amazing toys. His relatives are Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. <br /> <br /> I will not reveal more stories, but I can assure you that it's quite bizarre in the whole movie. There are some very funny moments, especially things that character Karloff says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and important icons of the Horror genre that ever lived. He manages to admit this strange movie with a bit of its size, and although (or because) his role is (due to poor script and direction) in no way terrifying, it seems that he deliberately plays with a sense of humor. As with the successors of the film "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", Julissa plays the main role again. <br /> <br /> Most support shows are fun amateur, the photos are horrible, and the places and landscapes are below contempt. The plot does not have the least logic, and dialogue often does not make any sense. However, this poor story and dialogue make this movie so funny to watch. "House Of Evil" may be a very ugly film rehearsal, but it's certainly as (unintentionally) funny as bad. Ed Wood fans should be very amused, I personally find it funny. Despite this ugly, but funny and definitely worth seeing, because it is Boris Karloff and because of the good fun. 3/10
