I had some time to kill before watching football, so I saw that this movie is being offered on the sciFi channel and literally after watching it, I thought I met my version of mental walking after the death march in Bataana, when my consciousness was beaten up by being subjected to terrible a movie that he broke from the Mumia and Jurassic Park series. It was so bad that it seemed to me that the first credits were the main attraction of the film, and then they turned into such a terrible origin that the recent declines in the stock market seemed hiccups. Acting was so bad that I hoped this and everyone would be buried at the end. Casper Van Dien's lead made me long for Steven Seagal's actor on "On Deadly Ground" because his reading was so wooden that Woody Woodpecker thought about making a cameo to sit on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that I had the impression that my kitten was more expressive when he asked for popcorn to eat. The direction was so hopeless that I was longing for my nephew's grade 3 recital, which had more pace and better vision, and the fact that this movie seems to be combined with the reflections of the previously mentioned film series can not even be considered as a tribute . The film's effects were so bad that I thought that the director and producers were friendly to the environment, transforming cheap special effects from films from the Z-class horror film from the past. What Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley and Geoffrey Lewis did in these movies is more than just me and they should look at the litigation against their agents for being misleading to get them involved in such a movie. My warning for one and all is watching this movie at your own risk, because this movie can cause the IQ to decrease when you watch it for a while. Incidentally, I noticed in IMDb that sometimes the salaries for films are published, I was wondering if this is the way in which actors should pay their wages for such poor performances in such films. Be careful and be safe, avoid at all costs.
