Fallen people start with the archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert, discovering the mummified remains of a 42-foot giant, now there is something you do not see every day. Matt works for developer Morton (Robert Wagner), who wants to build a resort on land and calls his colleague archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure about. In any case, both are trying to figure out what they are about, when part of the team goes missing, Morton calls Ammon (Navid Negahban) to deal with the situation. Meanwhile, the ancient text translator, Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) translates some ancient text (as he wanted) and is shocked when he finds out about the evil prophecy in which these giants arise and take over the world for the Fallen or something like that. Matt has to save the day and the whole planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the movie as an ancient warrior leader at the beginning, I personally thought that The Fallen Ones is a horrible movie and it is so simple and simple. There are so many things that are just bad at The Fallen Ones on both technical and conceptual levels, the script does not make much sense, and it really does not happen until the last 20 odd minutes, about which time I almost lost the will to live. The characters are horrible and as trite as you like, the dialogue is bad, how in very, very bad and the whole movie is predictable, I mean it will not be a surprise that Casper Van Dien is going to save this day? It is not a big surprise that the mummified giant will come back to life, so why wait more than an hour in the film when most of the audience will be in a coma. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook does not make an impression, the battle scenes are absolutely horrible and why dress bad guys in a terrible shade of purple? They look like naffe. To grant a little recognition to the special effects of the gigantic Mummy itself, it is really good, although there are not too many, because it does not appear for more than an hour, there are also some normal size mummies that look like they came straight from the set The Mummy (1999), unfortunately, they are not accustomed to any great effect and are actually wasted as a comic relief. The mechanical Mummy was a pretty good idea, but it looked stupid and there is no way on Earth that all the people inside could synchronize with each other to operate it, or rather the more I think about it the more ridiculous. Forget about any fear, tension or atmosphere and do not even think about some kind of violence or violence, because there are not any. <br /> <br /> Technically fallen people are nothing special and, in addition to the impressive giant mummy, they are not excited about. Spiritual CGI and water effects are terrible, they were made for television and it shows. Acting was weak, Wagner looks embarrassed and this is probably the only thing Dien & Bosley can get these days. <br /> <br /> Fallen people are a bad movie, there are no two ways to do it. how I care. Not recommended at any level or in any way to avoid.
