The tragedy of the lost Titanic ship inspired many books and films. The fight of nature with technology has always caught the imagination of man. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by the famous filmmaker James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo artist, the other an aristocrat) and how their love overcomes social barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship that happens. <br /> <br /> First of all, although it uses a historical name, this movie did not matter much to history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, French diamonds and treasure hunters. The death of over a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of its time has become the usual background. Many historical facts have simply been forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship, which was only 5 miles from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue, because his captain had not identified the signal of danger? The omission of these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the point of making this historic catastrophe fictional cheesy romance when history is as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The overall plot was rather shallow; wealth equals greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and heroism. It's very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money spoils. There was no human side in anti-heroes. Billy Zane seemed to be playing the role of a devil. Casting was also very weak. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could have sworn she was his babysitter. The length of the film was unnecessarily stretched for over 3 hours. The first hour and a half were wasted on establishing the relationship between the characters that were known to the public long before going to the theater, and the dialogue that was used for it further aggravated it. Hearing straight lines like "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship", it generated more pain than the screams of drowning people. Also jokes were too generous and rather bad. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" was associated with several moving scenes, such as the one in which the musicians played while the ship was sinking, but they were not close to anything original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserved to be rewarded. <br /> <br /> Although the film lacked artistic value in the general sense, public opinion could not resist the sentimental story involving Romeo (DiCaprio), so the film was successful. Now it is safe to say that the industry will be less reluctant to invest large amounts of money into one movie, so it seems that the "Titanic" has finally achieved something.
