ELEPHANT WALK was a completely boring movie and I was really happy when in the end a herd of elephants broke through the court and finished the movie. Considering the money and the cast, you would certainly expect the film to be much better, although I also question the strange cast of Dana Andrews as a man in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I do not see the pair as a pair. Perhaps some of them may be the reason for replacing Miss Taylor by Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to Miss Leigh's deteriorating mental condition) - although I can not visualize Andrews and Leigh. Also, for an English woman, Miss Taylor does not even try to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The film begins with the meeting of Peter Finch and Taylor and a marriage in England. Their plan is to return Fincha tea to the plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and the housekeeping seems to dislike her. Besides, after returning home, Finch behaves like a stupid moron, and Taylor is unhappy. Neighbor Andrews sees it and declares his immortal passion. However, Taylor is not yet ready to abandon the marriage. But during the movie, Finch treats Liz more and more like an object, and finally he is ready to leave ... when, unexpectedly, Cholera hits the plantation. So it's Andrews, Finch and Taylor who have to work together to save the day - though I did not really care about it at the moment, because there are no chemistry between the characters, the window is pretty boring and you can not understand why Taylor did not leave his weaseling husband in a few days after arriving at this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The movie is not particularly addictive or convincing, and despite the decent budget of Paramount, the movie is a slow mess. I was particularly surprised that even though the film was shot on the spot, many scenes were clearly filmed in the studio with a protruding (and grainy) shot that was not well integrated. For example, in one scene Taylor, Finch and many are sitting on the veranda, and the grass is light green. Then, when the image crosses people dancing in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are NOT on Ceylon in this scene or in the scene with a huge, lying Buddha. My advice is to skip this or at least keep a coffee pot near you so you do not fall asleep. Despite its budget, it is not just a good or inspired film. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor be pregnant during part of this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) he is wearing spectacular clothes, has a double chin and looks puffy. This is not a criticism - in the end women will get pregnant! But if you look closely, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> By the way, the basic theme in many respects is similar to GIANT - a really great Taylor movie! It's amazing how throwing and a decent direction can do so much.
