After stopping the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, is tasked to take the murderer back to Italy. Along the way, however, the plane is directed to Malta. Soon the killer runs away after landing. Now, with little help from the Maltese police, deputy sheriff Geronimo is to retrieve the murderer. But should his "shoot first, later names" of the Texan justice brand work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me get it out, I saw Final Justice both with and without the Mystery Science Theater commentary. I've seen cut scenes that make the movie more consistent. And I saw a dotted version of the TV that was used in MST3K. Having said that, I must admit that I prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is one bad movie. The MST3K comment makes it much more tasty. In itself, it is a real snoozer of an action movie with a perverse dialogue (often provided with such thick Italian accents that it can not be understood), bad acting, poor direction, giant role-playing holes, and most of everything you find in a bad movie. And if most of Final Justice were not "so bad, good", it would be one awfully boring movie on top of everything. So, yes, I often like the very funny MST3K commentary on the bad movie itself. <br /> <br /> My main points with MST3K commentary and most of the reviews I have read about Final Justice, however, are related to criticism of Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses in Baker's achievements have nothing to do with his size nor the choice of his character's wardrobe or any other joke directed at him. Instead, I think that a lot of it is related to a poor decision to first throw him on the lead. Joe Don Baker has always thought of me as a decent actor, but he's not the kind of guy I'd call a "hero of action" by any part of the imagination. He is more of a helper, as evidenced by solid performances in several James Bond films. Or, if you really want to blame someone for problems with Final Justice, point your finger at director Greydon Clark. Clark's CV can not compare to Baker's life. So I say, "Put down Joe Don Baker!"
