Witty. Bizarre. Real. Surreal. Butterfly's wings? You can ask what all these words best describe, and some (those in a fusion with the international film community) can quickly say what happened, but others can jump on a more American train and immediately shout: Butterfly Effect. Surprisingly, I would be one of those who shout for this science-fiction movie by Kutcher, mainly because none of the words I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately reflect the function of Tautou, which I witnessed. Sure, we all loved her in Amelie and we thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci Code, but for the first time the director (at least in the feature film) Laurent Firode does not give Tautou the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, he does not give anyone a chance to really show himself, because he is too gently entangled in moments of "chance chance" to bring this film to anything other than just glittering (never a real boil). Firode has a lot, and I use "spacious" as a small word, moments in the whole movie, where he could build a fantastic story, a truly capricious tale of love and coincidence, but instead he fell face-to-face with a chaotic intertwining, which overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that made us gasp for less. <br /> <br /> Tautou's beautiful face decorates the cover of this box, but it should not be taken like me, assuming that it will be another monumental trip to the French cinema Tautou. Tautou is in this movie, do not get me wrong, but you can argue that he is not in the center of this story. Firode's task is to create a series of random events that will ultimately lead to an audience-friendly (though misleading) ending, which is an example of the importance of a refreshing "melodrama". He completely fails. Firode fails, giving us too many characters to the audience. With too many characters, he gives us too many random interventions, and by the end, you really do not care who is who or what is or how to do it; Your main goal is to focus only on the final credits and destination of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from disaster if only Firode gave it its center. Unfortunately, he did not do it, but he tried to force a group of 12 people to a theoretical film hole of the size of a penny. It just did not work and we stayed with the jam where we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because it focuses so much on the small details that in one of these rare film events, in fact, he forgets the center of attention. I can say that there was no central focal point for Happenstance. At the beginning, he tries to create one of our two main characters who discover that they share the same birthday, and their horoscope promises love in the moonlight, but we never come back to it in the whole movie. Instead, we are again bombarded with new characters, stuffy scenes and senseless nonsense, of course chosen to move us away from the real story and to the world full of "ifs, ands, and buts". I could not do it. I could not believe this movie. Writer Firode (yes, the same guy directing this trash) uses a technique so primitive in this movie that I immediately felt that I wanted to end it. He had to assume that many of us could not follow the plot (or scientific premise) because he was taking the homeless to fill in the appropriate fields. I did not need this, nor do I think that Firode would have to belittle its audience in this matter. Although there were other elements that did not work for me at all (again I felt like a confused Parisian collage of crumbled paper), it was the icing on the cake. I do not need my hand through movies. <br /> <br /> I will give this film one star for merit. It is quite a difficult genre to master. Films about time travel are particularly difficult due to countless possibilities that are never taken into account, but thanks to Happenstance it works because Firode partially explores various possibilities. While I will counter it, saying that it does not do it well, for at least five full minutes of joy. I liked the place where Firode directed the movie, he had a genuinely told story, but the final execution just tore this movie to shreds. Firode could have saved this film if he had strengthened his characters while clarifying assumptions and history. I think that my general mood of the movie would change if only these two simple directions were done. Oh, how would I just be able to go back to the production of this film to show Firode the mistakes in his ways. <br /> <br /> Generally, for the first time (and probably the last), it was a Tautou movie, which I must say is completely disappointed. From uncertain opening to apathetic ending, I just felt that Happenstance had failed thanks to Firode's leadership and frightening marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention earlier, but why would anyone buy this movie thinking it was Amelie 2 (according to the title published in Hong Kong) and why you should put Tautou on the cover, knowing that he did not wear this movie at all. I believe that from the very first minute that went to my DVD player, this movie was in disarray. While I applaud his subject, everything else was well below the level of mediocrity. I can not suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Class: * with *****
