I am an avid fan of brutal exploiting cinema that would never attack a movie for brutality or anxiety. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and I will always defend controversial films such as "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left" as authentic classics. Anyone who reviews my comments from other users will notice that in reality I am very pro-violence / gore when it comes to movies. However, I believe that violence should have at least some point. This piece of bullshit makes no sense. The first film in the famous series "Guinea Pig" "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this smelly has nothing to say at all. I must say that before I saw any of Guniea-Pig's films, I had the impression that I hate it, knowing what's going on. However, due to its status as one of the most controversial films, I decided to see it. I am very happy that I have not wasted any money on this heap of shit, and I certainly would like it not to wasted my time. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I do not even want to call it a "movie": there is no such thing.) Three scum tortures a woman to death for some terrible 40 minutes, this is it! There is no artistic value, no "shocking" It's simply disbelieving that a movie that shows NOTHING, except for a woman tortured for no reason, enjoys a huge cult, it bothers me, I give it. Of course, it's disturbing to watch video with torture for 40 minutes. but the fact that a lot of people seem to think of this pile of junk as a masterpiece I really can not understand why, I hope the fact that the gore effects look realistic can not be the reason. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor he reacts very calmly to all torture, which makes the film look less realistic, which is a good thing in this case. It's a disgusting movie; in view of its gore, but because of its redundancy, its existence solely to show 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since it is 100% false and no one has suffered during production, it is reasonable to make such a film. However, I can not come up with a single reason why someone would want it, except for the morbid desire to observe the suffering and joy of torture. The continuation of the film "Flowers of the Body and Blood" became famous when actor Charlie Sheen took him for a real snuffbox and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the film turned out to be false. In summary, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake movie about torture / snuff that seems to have the sole purpose to look as close to the real snuff movie as possible. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst movies I've ever had the misfortune to sit. Do not torture yourself by trying this piece of shit for its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars for 10, I regret that there is no negative scale to properly assess this pile of nonsense.
