When I read a summary of a film, something like that happens when a person receives the power of God, and as he later learns that having supernatural powers requires enormous responsibility and strength, but I think it was a wise and original concept. Casting was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a film with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost of filming, be bad? So maybe. The idea is good, but the script itself and the story are terrible. Bruce Nolan is, let's be honest, quite an average journalist, with not quite great stories (like the story of a gigantic cookie, what a faux pas, and the Niagara report is a complete failure!), He is a man with a job that is completely WILLING (not good a journalist, he is a comedian), considering his potential, with a nice home, a sweet girl with sugar and OH HORROR !!!! A dog that is not trained at home !!! As soon as Bruce at the beginning of the movie begins to turn to GOd in "God, why do you hate me!" Way, the average viewer must think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not and definitely NOT a man with real problems in life. Most of the troubles that happen to him are small and it is not worth all the confusion that he does, and some of them are really just the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems that are worth noting, most people are more noteworthy that Bruce, who in the end does not seem too human, does not look realistically, too stupid and neurotic, but God is still turning to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks pretty like God, I can not help asking what he's doing in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this movie could easily give his powers to a five-year-old child and there would be no difference. No, wait, the wise kid would probably use his God's powers better than Bruce. What is Bruce doing? It draws the moon closer to the ground to create a romantic atmosphere, divides the red soup, raises a pretty woman's dress on the street, responds to prayer via e-mail and makes everyone come true !!!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce did was able to end the world, but this is not happening in the film, because it is a "nice, family, small movie" and it makes no sense !!! No sign of sarcasm, no real humor, no humor, at least dirty humor !!! Nothing. Simply Carrey plays stupidly, which starts to look pitiful at a middle-aged actor. Aniston is understated here. The game of the pale, undeveloped figure of Bruce Grace's girlfriend and remains completely forgotten in this film. No one in the right mind would have believed that the two had any chemistry between them. When Grace says that the prayer for Bruce sounds not only lame and pathetic, but completely false. These two are not supposed to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt that the film deserves one. Bad scenario, bad dialogues, lack of real humor, wit and sophistication, as well as undeveloped characters and understated roles of Freeman and Aniston, total lack of boldness and sarcasm, all this makes the film worthless ***. But OK, there were some funny moments, and Freeman is always nice in every movie, so let's leave three stars.
