I saw this movie in its first week in 1975. I was 13 years old and then I found him to be appropriate and a bit funny. Then I came to discover Doc Savage's WORLD through Bantam's novels about old stories from newspapers. I had no idea about any of these Docu domains, but I quickly became one of the most avid Doc Savage fans you've ever met. I read (and still have) all of Bantam's books, I started to go into comics (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all kinds of fun thick kids) and I had a great time with every adventure I made with Doc and ORIGINAL Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's Book - Apocalyptic Life of Doc Savage has become a bit of a bible for me and to this day I have very nice feelings regarding my Doc phase. In saying this, I must admit that many years later this movie really overlooked the boat. It is a movie that did not know what it wants to be when it grows up. The scenario was infantile and did not look much like a pulp story. These stories from the 1930s were short and if you look at the outline of Lester Dent (AKA Kenneth Robeson) to write them, they disintegrated into PERFECT 3 act dramas that shouted at the screen. One would think that it would be better with George Pal and Michael Anderson. Elements of falsification do not hit the target, and the more serious moments almost get there, but then they do not go. It is interesting, however, that they hired supporting actors (guys who really were only minor players and extras before this movie), who all managed very well. Paul Gleason has obviously become a great player on all aspects of entertainment, and Bill Lucking is a longtime television. All the rest fell from the map with sadness. I would like to have a copy of this film because it is the only movie version of my character, but I'm afraid I will not watch it because it is too painful. I would say 0, but instead I give him 2 out of 10 instead of some of the art from the era (Doca's answering machine was a nice touch), and the cast of the third stinger lasted a while in the sun.
