I dug it and watched it tonight. I really think that it's been 20 years since the last visit. I remember that it was a seriously defective movie. I do not remember it was so bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely terrified that a project with such potential should be treated badly so badly. Who am I to blame for this? Two guys who wrote (and I use this word loosely) script? Casting directors who have so wrong mistake at least 3 main characters in history? (Only 2 of them are among the "amazing 5".) The director, who apparently refused to take it seriously and pushed terrible music in addition to bad writing and bad acting everywhere? (I LOVED the theme song - but it should never have been used throughout the whole movie!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED on some of the lyrics he wrote for this music? <br /> <br /> It shows that I should get it out, less than a week after re-reading the adaptation of the comic. The first 15-20 minutes of the film more or less (really, the LESS) is parallel to the first issue of the comic. When I watched it tonight, I was wondering why did I REMEMBER that every single detail changed? The doctor appeared and then, using the remote control on the wrist, opened the safe, and the sniper's bullet did not hit him by 5 inches, because the refraction glass was just the same. I mean, if you are going to do "adaptation", WHY in the name of God change EVERYTHING ??? <br /> <br /> When they leave Doc's headquarters, practically nothing is as it was in a comic book (which, considering Roy Thomas, I am probably following the book). I read somewhere that they combined elements of 2 different novels into one movie. Again - WHY? I heard he was changed because they were unable to secure the budget they wanted. I look at the movie and think that ... LACKING MONEY in ANY way, explains what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should really look at this matter. The best thing I can say is thinking it would be a great double function with the 1966 BATMAN function - and probably a great triple bill with this and 1980 FLASH GORDON. All three films are "stupid". Perhaps we "blame" the film from 1966 and the television series. Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's BATMAN has ruined the image of comics in the minds of generations of comic book fans. I think the same can be said about Hollywood. I am reminded of how many, really BAD movies based on "classic" characters were created over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger - all "murdered" by Hollywood types who think: "OH, comics! So you know it should be JUDGE! "They look more like those" stupid "ones. What a loss of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me say some good things ... Despite the script and direction, Ron Ely is GREAT. When I read the story of DOC SAVAGE, I do not think about James Bama's paintings, I think about Ely. Bill Lucking (who later regularly appeared in THE A-TEAM) is wonderful. Eldon Quick (which I saw somewhere else, but I do not remember where) is wonderful. Paul Gleason - who I absolutely GENTED with passion and revenge in the BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" like the one he played should have a ban on teaching anywhere), may be the best of the "amazing 5" in the movie. Pamela Hensley - although her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story - is great. Before she could leave her hair, I realized that she looked like HELLO like "Ardala Valmar" from these horrible strips John Calkins BUCK ROGERS, which I just read one day. He has a big nose like Ardala - only not so clear. Ardala's comics looked more like the movie Princess Aura from 1936 or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your choice. (Ardala did have plastic surgery in George Tuski's belts - then she was stupefying!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, quite funny, I saw last week in the episode of GET SMART. I wonder if he was something like the character he was supposed to play? I do not know, because this character certainly was not in the movie from which the movie comes.
