After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter era, the world needed a good old-fashioned hero playing chapters who fought against vicious snakes and villains in America in 1936. Or in the jungles of South America in a series of fantastic cliff adventures. Unfortunately, what he got in 1975 was Doc Savage, Bronze Man. Perhaps the best thing to say about the last film of the legendary producer George Pala is that his often beautifully designed but unfortunately flat adaptation of Kenneth Robeson's novel about pulp and paperback probably caused George Lucas and Phil Kaufman to leave theater and said to each other, "We can do better than this" and adding a bullwhip, battered Fedora and a few much-needed character defects to the mix. <br /> <br /> A big part of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways even more difficult to write than Superman ?? discoverer, adventurer, philanthropist, scientific and intellectual genius in brown, faded, blond bullet-proof, muscle-related body of the Greek God (or rather Tarzan's television form, Ron Ely, rather boring Charlton Heston clone), there is nothing he can not do and, more damagingly, nothing that would harm him. Man is the virtual incarnation of Aryan ubermensch Hitler (no wonder the DVD is only available in Germany!), Though with American values. And just in case, if something overlooked him (not that he is ever), in his dawn there is not one but five helpers, (less than) Fabulous Five. A chemist, an electrician, and even an archaeologist I can accept, and in the long run I could even go to see the possible need of a construction engineer, but what kind of hero does a criminal lawyer take with him during his adventures? In fact, Doctor's brain trust was probably added because the hero was so tormentingly indestructible and practically perfect in every respect? not even Kryptonite would have interfered with him - there must have been someone threatened in the stories, but with the exception of Paul Gleason, everyone is so badly filled and crowded (as most parts in the movie) you "joyfully kill them all when opening titles. The villains are not doing better because Paul Wexler emanates the entire threat of a geography teacher like Captain Seas, Scott Walker (no, different), delivering one of the worst accents of the cinema (whether it's Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani or some nationality) While Marilyn Monroe-ish Robyn Hilton, stupid blonde minor, gives Paris (unconnected) a run for his money in unpaid bimbo rates. <br /> <br /> Even with these defects should be much better than considering the various ingredients? lost tribes, a pool of gold, battles against the biplane and deadly poison that comes alive, everything wrapped up in the mission of discovering why Doc's father was murdered. Unfortunately, this is a matter of sound: in the '60s and' 70s, superpowers from pulp were not somber characters inclined to the most modern action and special effects scenes, but were quickly treated as some comic characters from low-budget camp play with action scenes knocked out cheaply, almost as after all, the films were directed exclusively to the matinée market: you know, for children. It has been rumored for a long time that the original cut was more simple? and certainly a significant part of the value of the camp was added in post-production, whether in Colgate twinkle in the eye of Doc, comic signatures identifying different styles of fighting in the final dust-up with Captain Seas or Don Black's gung-ho lyrics to John Philip's Patriotic marches Sousy ?? but at the beginning there was a lot in the film. In the end, it is difficult to understand how one of the subordinates of a villain making phone calls from a gigantic cradle was never intended as a joke that falls, and Docu Hensley's explanation of why he never goes out with girls can be a scene written for Batman Adam West. Instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional, such as Doc showing his sixth sense, well, swaying Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps an even bigger problem is that by promising on paper, the action is served in an almost inexorably mundane manner, whether it is pursuing a native killer on the roofs of New York skyscrapers or escaping from a yacht full of bad guys. Even the winning concept of animated glowing green snakes whirling in the air when they poison their victims does not arouse enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson: after demonstrating their indestructibility a few scenes earlier, the Doctor manages to send them no more than a chair and electric fan, simply pulling no curtains. <br /> <br /> Although different vehicles are being fitted with his logo and looking more molded material than bronze, the production design is often quite handsome, even if it is of course LA in New York, while the photos of Fred Koenekamp ensure that the film often looks good despite the low budget. And it's good to see a movie about a superhero who does not spend most of his time on history of origin, although one is suspected that Doc was formed from the loins of Zeus himself. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that I would like to like more, but it looks like I lost 100 minutes. No wonder Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, a continuation so optimistically promised in final credits, never happened.
