There is nothing unusual about "The Amazing Mr Williams". Part of the problem of the film is the main actor Melvyn Douglas. He was a poor actor and lazy. For most of his career, he let his good looks, a great way and (usually, but not in this movie) some great scenarios to make up for the lack of acting skills. I did not like Douglas as an actor before I learned something about him as a person; I learned enough about him to know that I despise his politics. I will give Melvyn Douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes have produced an incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made the movie right after the brilliant "Ninotchka" ... talk about calm down! "The Amazing Mr Williams" is supposedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a civilian detective in the homicide department, named Kenny Williams. I never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they were called Kenneth Williams ... well, what to bring. The whole city is panicking because it's a serial killer who kills women. No motive is given; he just likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet to explain that he has failed to catch the killer. <br /> <br /> THE SPOILER APPROACH. Cheap, vulgar, talentless and unattractive Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (It does not sound good enough to make a letter, much smaller.) Blondell and Douglas argue like a cat and dog, so it's obvious that it will end together. <br /> <br /> At the bottom of the movie, Melvyn Douglas decides to get the killer out of dress as a woman. You do not want to see Melvyn Douglas in drag! He's over six feet tall and he does not even shave this annoying mustache. Similar to the madness, William Powell was a very similar actor to Melvin Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell dressed up as a woman in Love Crazy, he had the honesty of shaving his mustache: a real sacrifice, because Powell needed her to grow again in the next role. But Melvyn Douglas adds nothing to his role in this film, even to the razor. He plays his dragging scenes with the same annoying smirk he used for most of his career. <br /> <br /> On the plus side, 'The Amazing Mr. Williams' has some great supportive players who made Hollywood movies of the 30s so delightful. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, moving and funny, like a criminal who has an unlikely vacation from his life sentence. Dyspeptic Donald MacBride is fine as a policeman who is confused with the killer and is almost lynched by the crowd. Ruth Donnelly is great: as usual for her, but here she has the chance to show her talents away from her usual orbit at the back of the Warner Brothers. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and smiling Dave Willock are fine in small roles. Barbara Pepper (whom I usually dislike) is also good here. Grossly unpleasant Maude Eburne gets some time on the screen; I always hate her and she gives the same performance in every film ... but some viewers like the one-note show for reasons that I can not understand. <br /> <br /> If you're a friend with Hollywood actors from the thirties and the roles they had to play, one look at the IMDb casts list will tell who the killer is. This is a problem with "The Amazing Mr Williams": everything is too obvious. I will rate this film 2 points out of 10.
