Even if you're a big fan of Sandler, do not worry about this incredibly disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming it must be at least half decent because my man Sandler is in it and because I assumed some women would be naked (judging by the rating of R and scantily clad women on the cover). Well, there are a few scantily clad women, but none are naked. I'm not sure what it was in Sandler's career, but I'm guessing that it was before his SNL days. I might be wrong. It's like watching one of his home movies. Maybe look back on such a tacky movie and mention good times ... but we (the audience) are left to dry. This is not a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot with the camera, and even admits at some point that it is a movie "without a budget" (it's true, it's not a low-budget movie, NO-budget movie). So our task is to laugh at bizarre characters. There is no fixed story, it is like a complex comedy sketch - but primitive and badly written. The guy who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying, and in the first place it was unlikely he would get such a mass audience. And Sandler finds her comical inspiration by saying one classic line by Henna Youngman "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I do not even intend to try logic here. Of course, Sandler's current and recent films are not known for making a lot of sense (penguin in "Billy Madison", the dwarf in Happy Gilmore's Happy Place), but the comedy works. It is a completely amateur job and even if you are curious about Adam's early days in the film - you will still not be interested. You'd better check his start at SNL, or maybe his underestimated role in "Mixed Nuts." Of course, Sandman is not the only actor wasted in this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also performs shortly, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role, and the great Burt Young (from "Rocky" films) has a significant role. <br /> <br /> This horrible comedy will most likely accumulate dust in the 99-centimeter part of the local video store rental - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My result: 3 (out of 10)
