Hollywood has officially gone too far and I really hope that this parody of the movie will create a real reaction to their mushy machines, despite good cash returns. If you are a person in the industry who reads our comments, looking for tips on what to do next, STOP. Stop doing our TV shows in these deterrent, stupid, grubbing up money wasting time on movies. In this way, you're proving one thing: Hollywood has no ideas, and watching the movies they release, only preserves the cycle of disgust. What's next - The guys will go and ruin The Bionic Man ?????????????????????????? the movie is just bad and manages to get the stupidest, simple fact of the show completely incorrect, forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat and John Schneider's Bo & Luke Duke were * REFORMABLE * trinkets. They got caught, learned their lessons, went straight and they were there to help people and be good neighbors, who just shot with dynamite arrows from arched hunts and rode like Steve McQueen. Uncle Jessie of Denver Pyle was also the moral center of the family, he always insisted that the boys were doing well, even at their own expense or embarrassment, while he made sandwiches and coffee while the work was done. They always acted rightly and had something naive about them, which was quite appealing. We wanted to be more like them than we did. My favorite catch from the show was that they always fastened their seat belts against roaring, which was clearly too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> Transforming the Duke family into a package, wisecracking, crime, depressing bait, misogynists, the loser film has no moral point of view, where the show was about how honest and indestructible Duke were - Do the Duke boys in this movie are they supposed to be good guys? I wanted to hit them on the nose. It seems that they have a lot of free time, which can be spent on performing duties on the farm and end up in pursuit of less than noble goals, if they do not behave like a pair of 14-year-old boys who have not grown up. You should not use marijuana, do not stare at the buxom, nubile coeds and their breasts, no shenanigans with Brothers at da Hood. All this looks like the work of a marketing consultant who conducted a survey in a shopping center, which 14-year-old boys like to watch in films. The problem is that 14-year-old boys do not remember this series, IMHO should not watch this movie, and parents who can feel the longing for the concert will be outraged by what writers, directors and producers have done with our collective memories just part with our money, what I feel. What were they thinking? <br /> <br /> And the boys did it * EVER * they got a Daisy bug. Jessica Simpson, who is like a whore at the Pamela Anderson shopping center, may be the only reason anyone can see this shame, but you can satisfy your needs by nicely downloading her promotional photos, printing them and pinning them to the toilet wall. It is not in the movie at all (which is the only economical game in the movie), and the ten minutes they used were EXCESSIVE. Daisy Catherine Bach could have the same shorts and long legs that make people feel funny looking at her, but Daisy, who she played, was * a PERSON *. Pratfalls, which she evoked simply being who she was, had an almost natural ring. It remains one of the most scandalously sexy icons of pop culture ever made, but there was someone at home. And most importantly, she was a sweet, caring person who could not help it if the guys had followed her Ga Ga. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Jessica Simpson looks like a fake, imaginary, imaginary, disguised, posed, off the beaten track, bored, out of place, and I do not think she looks so great in dress. It does not look like a person, but a fictional device conjured up during a contract with someone representing her agent. Mrs. Simpson would be well informed to immediately release him and pretend that the whole thing never happened. Regardless of what a joke was, he is not in his place and is disgracefully used for the needs of RCP. If this is all he wants from his career, the executive director produces a sequel, if only to ensure enough time on the screen, because this effort was simply pathetic. <br /> <br /> SKIP IT is the most important. To cost two tickets and a Slurpee ticket, you can choose one of the great collection of original DVD programs on Warner Bros., and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the film may be to use it in the future as an interrogation tool at Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of this and they will sing the choir. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean. AND HOLD HELL FROM A BIONIC MAN, you schnooks.
