In Hazzard, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) made the moonshine made by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson), avoiding the local authorities, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their problems with the boss only begin when they learn that he is plotting the devastation of the city to the valuable ores below. <br /> <br /> I've never seen a TV show and after watching the movie I'm not going to start soon. I like stupid comedies, but this one does not offer many laughter. It was quite a boring picture, and the first hour was really difficult to pass. The second part was a bit better, but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The film focused too much on Bo and Luke. The characters were not very interesting at all, and the actors who played them did not do very well. <br /> <br /> Acting was not very good. At first I did not expect it to be okay, but none of them was very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville have below average results. The latter was quite good as Stifler, but here he is trying too hard. The latter seems to look for a payment and nothing more. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting, nor is she known for her singing. He is famous for having his own reality show and saying really stupid things. She is pretty, but she is a weak actor. It does not matter, however, because it does not really appear in the movie, and the character it plays is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson also has a small role and does not do anything special. <br /> <br /> Written by John O'Brien and made two films in front of Dukes of Hazzard. The first one was Cradle to the Grave, which was fine. The other was Starsky and Hutch, which was quite fun. However, he does not do a good job because history is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would make this movie work better. The film is also quite long for comedy. Ok, 106 minutes is not exactly long, but it seems that it is much longer, because in the first hour there is very little humor. I think that comedies should be kept short or need to find a lot of material to cover the entire duration. Dukes of Hazzard barely have enough fun gags to keep him for thirty minutes, let alone 106 minutes. The car sequences were mediocre and they do not record anxious movie anymore. After all, Dukes of Hazzard may appeal to several people, but most people will probably find it boring and better if you just skip it. Rating 4/10
