Movie shifts of old television programs seem to be the norm in Hollywood these days, but this disrespect, toilet humor, do-it-your-tongue-kiss, rip off is a glaring middle finger, all Dukes of Hazzard fans alike north and south of the Mason-Dixon line. From the opening sequence of Bo and Luke Duke performing moonshine for Uncle Jesse (there is no glare in the series because it would drag the boys back to prison as violation of parole) to Uncle Jesse's closing sequence of smoking Georgia (Uncle Jesse was a moral compass in spite of earlier reproductions) this disappointing loss of the film is an open insult. I can not tell you how many parents I saw when I got up and removed their children from the theater during the first 15 minutes of the movie, when they realized that they were terribly deceived. Original Dukes of Hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. Original Dukes of Hazzard was a safe child, powered by Hemi, a fun show whose parents did not have to worry about teaching their children seven words of George Carlina. I have read the reviews stating that the show and film are only racist. These commitments may be correct for the movie. These approvals are absolutely incorrect for the series. The show, if at all, was about how to get along and make friends with EVERYONE. Hollywood has finally come to light of his contempt for those of us, Yankee, Rebel, or otherwise, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family and act properly, even if it is not a popular thing. Hollywood finally revealed his conviction that those of us in the depths of the country are stupid, uneducated, drink beer, have dirty lips, rubbish that will buy every piece of rubbish they want to sell. Prove that the Hollywood elite are wrong. DO NOT SEE THIS FILM. Boycott your sponsors. Fill out Warner Bros. mailboxes and screwboxes. complaints that we do not appreciate their destruction of one of the largest T.V. programs of all time. Save money and buy a DVD from the original series, but whatever you do? DO NOT SEE THIS FILM
