In 1998, Saban acquired the rights to produce a new series of live Ninja Turtles. Of course, being a fan of TMNT in those days, it was clearly my greatest interest. So when I started watching the show ... say that I was disappointed with the final result, that's hardly said. Some time later (more recently) I had the opportunity to visit the series again. <br /> <br /> First, let's talk about some positives. They managed to recreate the Turtles bed, because they were recently seen in movies quite well, given the limited budget they put in. Typically, there is a darker atmosphere when it comes to sets and the like. And the Turtle suits, though they are not the best piece of puppetry and so on, were functional and seemed quite solid for most of the action items that were to take place in the series. <br /> <br /> People complain about getting rid of the Crusher quickly and replacing it with the original villains that were easy to use in the Power Rangers show. But Shredder can be defeated only so many times before it becomes boring and weaken his value as a villain ... and besides, most fans do not realize that he does not remember or simply ignores the fact that in the original comic, Shredder was released in the first issue! Never mind the innumerable resurrections that will follow. So from a personal point of view, I was somewhat satisfied that they got rid of Shredder because then the expectation would have been built to the point that eventually it would lead him to a later episode. I think that Shredder works in the smallest quantities, because then his meetings with the Turtles are all the more unforgettable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they eventually replace him with the original villains, who were found to be more suited to the Power Rangers show than the Ninja Turtles show. And with these new types of magic wielding magic comes a new female turtle with magic, the infamous Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I have never felt comfortable with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a female turtle; I am against the idea of ​​someone who uses magic, and so protrudes like a sore sight among a ninja turtle clan that seems to be out of their domain. I almost got the impression that it could easily be a Venus De Milo with her imaginary enemies, and TMNT is there to provide stellar power (or anything left, given the timeframe that has been spent). Fortunately, everyone has a common searchlight. <br /> <br /> The next mutation was closed after the season in the air, and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Considering the time and perhaps the next season, I really believe that this TMNT live iteration could be something and have a chance of greatness. But although the idea was reasonable, the implementation was flawed (although there are some good sections in this series). In its present form, Next Mutation is one of those peculiarities in Turtledom, which are best left to the funeral and to forget.
