Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, and more precisely "1909 Dawn of modern medical science". Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is at an early stage rejuvenation experiments on living tissues, Dr. Hackensteinowi manages to bring to life oskórowanego rat, which confirms that he was able to restore the dead to life ... Now is "Three years later" and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is at the doctor's house for dinner. When Dean Šlesinger and Dr. Hackenstein eat, talk about experiments Hackenstiena, where Dean Šlesinger always been opposed, Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesingerowi his laboratory in the attic, where he keeps the severed head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker), who died in an accident and can talk to him telepathically (Christy Botkin apparently provides Sheila's voice). Dr. Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger the chicken skin in the cage and explains that he will bring Sheila back to life thanks to the process he has developed. Dean has some kind of attack and apparently dies. Meanwhile, sister Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) and their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) go near the house Hackensteina when crashing, looking for shelter and assistance and come on the threshold of Hackenstein. Dr. Hackenstein invites four orphan travelers to stay the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein is visited by two robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), who provide the male body when Hackenstein actually needs women's parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is a genius who decides not to waste the opportunity to have three young beautiful specimens and begins to "borrow" bits "n", which needs to be completed Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark, I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I will now say that he is not a genius in any dimension of imagination, but I really liked what it was. Moves at a reasonable pace, even if it tends to drag a little inside when the situation calms down. The script tries to connect slapstickowy humor as the scene in which Dr. Hackenstein trying to stop Melanie and trying to pay attention to his deaf housekeeper Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn), throwing and Hackenstein holding Melanie behind Yolanda, who is apparently oblivious to what is happening with A bit of gore, but I would say that Dr. Hackenstein is more of a comedy than a horror concept. There are some sticky punks and sexual insinuations that are always good to laugh, as an example of Dr. Hackenstein to Wendy, "you would like to see my instruments." I also thought about the scene in which Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reported missing daughter bewildered detective Olinowi (William Schreinerowi), was quite amusing sequence of rolling over and over again, talking about why is not looking for them, although it has only told me why cell there is no prisoner in it, and if he could not find a cousin, he would not worry about it. None of them is flat, but loud, but I must admit that sometimes I smiled and thought that the movie is quietly funny. There are not many gore on the screen, a few cut off limbs, Sheila's beheaded head, some medical seams and those skinless animals that are certainly false. I also liked the characters from Dr. Hackenstein, which was a surprise in itself. Acting is not brilliant, but to give everyone credit, put a little effort into it, many exaggerated facial movements and some serious overloads mean that it is never boring, oh, and three birds in dr. Hackenstein fits if you know what I mean. From a technical point of view, the film is also fine, once again I will not win any Oscars, but I must give filmmakers at least some recognition for trying to leave the turn of the centuries. It does not always work, clothes sometimes argue with each other, the girls look like they are from Victorian England, while the boys look like they are from the western. The house looks as if all filmmakers have removed any modern item from the room and put some candles there! It seems to be a bit cheap, but it's not really a bad-looking movie. However, it could be done without comedy music. Generally I finished, enjoying the dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought, although it is not a recommendation in itself. This is certainly not the best comedy horror movie ever made, and it's certainly not the worst. The ability to watch harmless enough fun.
