Apparently there is a very good reason why I have never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" in front of me, and several colleagues accidentally stumbled upon him and stupidly decided to give him a chance. The reason is: it sucks! It is very pointless, boring, imbecile and completely unreadable comedy / parody of horror. Actually, to be honest, I'm not even sure if it was to be a comedy because sometimes the script is taken quite seriously and it is very hard to really be an ambitious and original effort from the late 80's. In 1909, at the dawn of a new era of medical science in line with the opening sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needed exactly three women? no more no less ?? renew your beloved wife, whom he accidentally killed. Only her head is left, but the foolish body hijackers only provide the male corpse. So when Dr. Hackenstein yells, "I need three women's bodies to bring my wife," his words are not even cold, and it's just wonderful to see three young women (and one really annoying nerd) with car trouble. Why does not it happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy, sensual women to fill my empty harem !!!" ?? See nothing! In any case, a good Doctor sees the fulfillment of his wish, but unfortunately? for science, which is it? develops compassion for one of the three girls. "Dr Hackenstein" is a lame movie that tries to earn from the success of "Re-Animator", and even blatantly stolen some of the comic aspects of this classic, like a severed head telling about one liner. It's easy to see why this movie is never mentioned, because it does not appeal to fans, horror or comedy genres. The most amusing character is undoubtedly the loud plunderer Ruby; presented by the anti-Cherubic Anne Ramsey. Horror lovers of the 80's will surely remember her from Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend", where she played a nasty old neighbor who is beheaded by basketball. "Dr Hackenstein" supposedly takes place at the beginning of the 20th century, but there are hardly any attempts to recreate the atmosphere of that era (except maybe some cars). Dr Hackenstein's laboratory is a rather stereotypical set of 80s, with various kinds of smoking cauldrons and test tubes full of fluorescent colors.
