The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a great story about ghosts, this is the perfection of the movie. This is a haunting story about 4 people who enter the haunted house and use the simple trick of sound and movements to scare people. It still works today if you value a movie. So when The Haunting was reworked in 1999, many people had the same reaction "WHAT? WHY? But in my opinion, if the remake is sufficiently respected and just wants to come up with a new story for a new generation, I'm pretty good with it. This is certainly not a coincidence, it's just a disrespectful boring shame that will waste your time and guarantee that I will not be afraid? pfft! PG-13, what do they think? Not much visibly. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister evicts her, Nell answers the phone, telling her about the advertising of the insomnia study conducted by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, an isolated mansion. Upon arrival Nell meets with Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of guardians who do not remain on the property after dark. Soon there will be two other participants in the study, wild Theo and the "bad sleeper" Luke Sanderson along with Doctor Marrow. Unknown to the participants, Dr. Marrow's real goal is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night the janitors connect the gate to Hill House, preventing anyone from entering or leaving until morning when the janitors open the castle. There are no working telephones at Hill House, and the nearest town is a few miles away. Dr. Marrow relishes the history of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built a house for his wife, hoping to be filled with a large family full of children, but all Craina's children died during birth. Crain's wife killed herself before finishing the house, and Crain became a hermit. The first night, Theo and Nell start experiencing a strange phenomenon at home, including strange noises and inexplicable temperature changes. Nell is confronted after the main corridor has been devastated by the words "Welcome home, Eleanor", and he becomes very desperate in trying to prove that the home is haunted by the souls of those who have fallen victim to Crain's atrocities. He learns that Crain built his fortune using kidnapped children for slave labor and murdering them when they were no longer useful to him. Then he burned the bodies in the fireplace of the house to hide all evidence. He also learns that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, from whom Nell comes from. Everyone thinks he is crazy, while Nell is convinced that this is the place to which he belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and pointless. Not to mention the actress that Nell played, Lili Taylor completely irritated me, her performance, her appearance, everything about her, do not start with the things that I will do, not to see her again in the movie. Catherine Zeta Jones also did not fit her role, and Liam Neeson, a great actor, once again wasted his talent. The effects are at the highest level and too computerized, I just can not believe that using this crudu would destroy a great classic. Believe me, if you're afraid of something, be afraid to see how you can change a great ghost story into an annoying piece of damn stupidity. Oh, this movie hurts me, I just do not see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
