For anyone who has seen and fallen in love with the stage musical A CHORUS LINE, the film is a cheap substitute. Songs are not only cut out, but also unnecessary twists, new choreographic dance sequences and let's face it, Richard Attenborough just does not know how to film dancers. <br /> <br /> On the stage, Michael Bennett's CHORUS LINE was simply: Michael Bennett. His idea, choreography, direction, gift for Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of realism that made you feel like "boys" and "girls". However, the film lacks empathy and depth: the actors look as if they were probing for CHORUS LINE and not for interrogation. Every move, every line of dialogue seems so weighted and planned; Especially Michael Douglas, because Zach is too controlled to believe that this is an extremely bizarre choreographer. Even when he throws tantrums, you never believe him, because every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is so obvious. And as for him, he does not dance: Kevin Kline interrogated Zach's role on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved to read, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost his role. How I would like them to do the same for Douglas! CHORUS LINE is to be a series about nobodies, and apart from a few recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Khandi Alexander, TV NewsRadio, as one of many dancers), you should not KNOW any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his ranting instead of girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It is really unfortunate that the best sequence in the series (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically cut to make room for a horrible new song called "Surprise, Surprise", which unexpectedly she was nominated for an Oscar. "Mirror dance" Cassie has a new song and tragically boring choreography - you may wonder why they even bother to make a movie version if they intend to manipulate the working formula so much. <br /> <br /> For fans of the musical theater and those who liked the stage version, this movie is a sad mockery of everything they valued and loved. For those who have never seen the original production, either on Broadway or on tour, this movie is the only reference they will have to go through. And they will have to think about how it happened that this is the longest running musical in Broadway history - until there was a small show called CATS in the late 90s. But this is a different story and do not even start me there.
