I'm not a stage purist. A movie could be made of this art and it would almost certainly require change ... comme, comme ca. But the modest creators of this material are lost or misunderstood by the filmmakers who work in the "shallow hit" mode. It's hard to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could ruin it in the same way that Attenborough did. <br /> <br /> On the stage Line A Chorus was the triumph of the workshop as a production method. The dancers answering the call to the casting found themselves nearby, turning nonsense about their experience from the stage career (the '70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, handed them the song and threw them as themselves. ...amazing! Incredibly modern. ACL's "history" concerns (in turn) the response to the call to the casting for the game, from which we never have a full view, because the game does not matter. It was the finish line before the idea was invented, 25 years before adaptation with a similar idea. ACL was also another reduction trend that is still alive, which is the hallmark of modern creativity: the technique itself is convincing ... that in the life of the average person there is more drama than could be synthesized with imaginary characters. What a gracious idea. Performing arts had one area of ​​performance (an empty stage) and three different ways to change the background to ease visual boredom and not disturb viewers. Space is reduced, and the actors' stories are visible. It worked well. It was a point. All these ideas are trampled or treacherous. In conclusion, there was not a single costume or costumes until the dancers left for the final bows, in which the joyful "One" is finally, powerful, performed in full (gold) caps and tails, with movements we recognize because we watched them during training sessions. Free release anxiety is released - and the audience is crazy. <br /> <br /> After Grampa copes with it, it's like a muscled, strangled bird. He clearly means the earlier, respected All That Jazz (and Dancin 'Fosse') when he makes his choices. Hamlisch's result was sharp and interesting, but time was not good for him. It is as neat as "jazz hands". And before Attenborough touches him. It is unusual in finding what has been left and distorting it. <br /> <br /> A simple question could have helped Attenborough during the filming of the movie: "Could I spend a few minutes with such people?" An important issue for any adaptation of art is the way the fourth wall of the theater (key because of his absence in the theater) will be moved in a film format. There has never been a more "leading" game. The answer they came up with was: "Excuse me ... what was the question?" The cast was enlarged from a controllable number of unique narratives, the crowd suffocating each other and the audience, and combining them with the grating of the self together. I was far from my threshold of exasperation when this annoying little runt swayed on the line, fooling the audience (absent). Art has made you understand the people of the theater. This movie just makes you want to choke. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the annoying trend of Broadway characters going directly to the stage center and singing their stories in the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of referring to other characters here. But the worst imaginable rebirth of art will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> Chorus line is pure schlock.
