On Broadway, the A Chorus line was pure magic. From the second performance opened with a spectacular flow of energy to the truly grand finale, the joyful curtain connection of all the choir members we loved during the concert, we were totally involved - captivated by intense personal stories, a little funny, some clever, some moving, this line of choruses. Film is a completely different matter. Now we are concentrating on the director - and what is a garden! Every time the movie switches to Michael Douglas, he's there with a bitter, sour face, barking questions and orders, shouting and shouting whenever he has a chance. Yikes !! It changes the dynamics of history. On Broadway, the director was indeed an imperial presence outside the stage, but he was also a kind of theater device to tell stories of these amazing strong / fragile / intriguing / funny members of the choir lines with insight and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! Indeed, in one of the only moments in which the director appears, he is to comfort the young Puerto Rico Dancer after hearing the landmark story of this dancer. He reappears to finally express his true feeling / concern about Cassie. But in the film, from the second director Douglas, barking orders start barking, and the stories of the chorus line members become secondary. It's as if they were in a bad profession, in which the tired director, instead of showing the joy of creating a new exciting theater performance, is tired, exhausted, angry at the need to interview those members of the choir. There was ALWAYS an exciting show on stage. Here, in the film practically from the very beginning, you feel sorry for everyone. During the musical, we desperately wished each of these choir members how happy we would be if everyone got a job! But of course it could not happen. But in the finale, when everyone came back in a great costume with these amazing whirling mirrors on the stage, sometimes reflecting us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all members of the choir, both accepted and rejected, they were on stage eternally dancing in the profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the erratic lines and underlining, the magic becomes completely diluted. The only thing we feel (even with the same conversation with the curtain) is the fact that some members got a job at an excited director. So everyone comes to the screen and they dance again. Great thing.
