For those who have never seen CHORUS LINE on stage and their only exposure to this story was this movie, this movie is OK, like movie musicals, nothing special, just OK. I saw this show on Broadway 4 times, and even once I was auditioning for the show's concert company, and for someone who remembered the original production quite well, the 1985 movie version is so terrible on so many levels that I do not even know where to start . First of all, for those who have never taken part in auditions for theatrical production, let me assure you that during the audition for the IRL show, the director, producer and choreographer never ask personal questions and do not talk about why you wanted to be a performer . A real theatrical audition, regardless of whether it is a game or a musical, rarely lasts more than five minutes. If you're listening as a dancer, once you show a combination of 64-bar dance, you do it, then decide immediately if you are or not. Michael Bennett's original concept was to show the life of the dancers and show the uninitiated passion for exercise and why so many sacrifices so much for so little. Art applies to these dancers. Above all, the director Richard Attenborough focused so much on the dancers, strengthening the Cassie / Zach relationship and throwing Michael Douglas on Zach. In Art you NEVER see Zach ... he is just the voice behind the theater, and his relationship with Cassie is barely touched. Cassie shown in the cabin in a move trying to get to the audition, and upstairs talking to Larry (a character who is not even in the game) was added to the movie and focused on what this story is about. The main musical numbers have been cut or thought out. The opening number in the play "I Hope I Get It" shows all dancers who perform a jazz and ballet combination, and then people are eliminated. The film will feature together three hundred dancers on the stage and show them a close-up to hide the fact that in the film they threw people who can not dance (or you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", a brilliant exploration of the vocal memories of these childhood dancers has been converted to "Surprise, Surprise" mainly as a vehicle for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The most famous song of the series "What I Did for Love", which in the series was a touching allegory sung by the entire cast about what they give up dancing, becomes just another standard song about love in the film, made with fatigue by the inept Allyson Reed as Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the movie is boring and unimaginable and has nothing to do with the original Michael Bennett staging, and when you make a movie about dancers, the choreography must be unique. There are a few good dancers in the film, Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they have no chance to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can barely walk and chew gum at the same time, gets one of the best series numbers, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I admit that the "One" finale is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours for it. I would say if you've never seen A CHORUS LINE on stage, this movie may be worth watching, but if you're an admirer of the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... be afraid.
