*** TEN POST CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I am not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in all other ways. It also has its own website for fans with "facts of Chuck Norris", which is really fun. But this movie looks like someone was joking with the audience, putting all these "facts" in one movie. I really do not remember when I wasted more time than with this "action." I do not know what's the worst thing this movie can offer you: a non-original and one-thousand-odd plot of terrorists trying to bomb the US, smuggling nuclear weapons on US soil, and perhaps Chuck's "big" dialogues and words about wisdom about life and everything else. Someone may find the worst that terrorists speak English in everyday life. It's an endless list of nonsense. Not to mention the huge amount of archival recordings used in the film, which is a bit annoying. The main terrorist sends a message to his comrades via the media when he is captured, and the only guy who is smart enough to see this feast is: Chuck Norris, of course. Nobody else in America is smart enough to see it! And the whole act of winning the boss is just ridiculous. One man is sent to go through the entire UNARMED terrorist camp (I lie, he was KNIFE), he escapes his pursuers with JET PACK, and then the couple soars for several hundred, maybe even thousands of kilometers to the nearest shore (Afghanistan border is 450 km from the nearest shore) where he is saved by a submarine. I hoped that at least the fights would be good, but it was even more fun than the plot. If you did not know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial art, but Chuck and CO beat them. They not only easily kill them, but they can kick and throw away in one move, and bad guys fly a few meters like dolls. Can you ask me if I watched the movie until the end? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see who of these two superheroes disarms a nuclear bomb composed of several hundred megatonnes and the size of MICROFALI. And then I understood who I was a fool. Of course, it's Chuck's movie after all. And not only he himself disarmed the atomic weapon with tweezers, but he does it - TWO! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I would sacrifice the life of the spawn. <br /> <br /> So the creators of this movie added another fact to Chuck Norris to his website: Can Chuck Norris disarmed a nuclear bomb? Yes, and he can do it twice!
