During the making of the horror film from the 80s, entitled "Hot Blooded", the director is brutally murdered, and the leading lady is wounded when she survives the attack and manages to kill the murderer. After all, production is abandoned, and spare spools are collected. So a group of filmmakers decide to pick up a movie, even though they are warned by people to stay away from the movie, because the last person interested in the movie appeared dead in the cinema while watching the movie. From this it is marked as cursed production. Without taking these warnings seriously, the crew continues production and gets the original movie star to return from Hollywood to play the role again, but not as a daughter, but as a mother. But again, the murders start when the cast and crew are attacked by an unknown figure disguised as the killer of the film. <br /> <br /> See what started "screaming"! Hey, I like these movies, but mostly everything that followed came back to annoying and meaningless excuses. During this stage, the sub-genre returned with revenge, but it was not good, because it was mainly unsuccessful and unoriginal attempts in which they followed the model of the derivative of the Scream series. "Cut", an independent Australian genre of textbook, is purely shonky garbage, which basically do not have everything and shamelessly reject any other slass. But you know what, I think it's a cheap bliss. Yes, it's awful and very forgotten, but it's a bit nice and cheap. Although I hated it when I came across it, but for the second time I knew what I was getting into and it worked better. It was as if to help myself in the preparation of the cheesecake, but this time it was not so sweet. <br /> <br /> The movie was released more or less at the same time as "Scream 3" and "Urban Legends: The Final Cut" did what all three have the same structure of using the movie in the movie. "Scream 3" is of course the strongest of the three, but I would actually look at the rubbish after Urban Legends: The Final Cut. Although it seemed to be more recurring to the slashers of the 80's than one of Scream's illegitimate offspring. In principle, the film is subjected to Class B treatment and appears in the scenario and performances. Dialog is really unimaginable and it's hard for him to find surprises and tension. While the performances are pure mockery, and Molly Ringwald takes the crown for it. She plays a washing actress who returns to end the damned movie, and I was having a good time with her ridiculously ridiculous release. It provides a bite here and perfectly nails it. The rest are mainly recognizable Australian TV stars (if you're an Australian) with the captivating Jessica Napier leading the cast with stars like Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also the pop singer (and the supposed actress) Kylie Minogue appears in the camera at the opening to be hacked! Pretty. These teens most often used the formula of horny and depressed children who have nothing better to do than be killed. Sometimes it seems that they are waiting in the queue because they have no real substance. <br /> <br /> The story begins quite interestingly, and then enters the mysterious phase in which red herrings appear, but then makes a sudden turn when it becomes a bit satire on the genre of horror. It's just rather uncertain, and when it comes to explaining all this madness, was it a little bit thinking? Oh my. That's when he tries to turn his backs cleverly, but unfortunately he falls down. But do you just do not like the opening tip. He also practices some of the pop-cultural references and the approach based on self-satisfaction. Predictability comes quite early, and jokes can sometimes be exaggerated, but he knows about it, poking a little. The atmosphere loses some advantage due to the humor that takes away the grim but still isolated great old mansion in which they film, has a few neat touches that added "a bit" of ghastness. The cinema scene is also quite pleasant. <br /> <br /> We now know that we want to watch gore and nudity while watching this type of movie, but unfortunately there is no nudity, and gore is quite standard if missing, but it is more than decent for such a low budget. There is one or two creative deaths, but the rest is systematic. The killer was not bad, but when he spoke, it hurt me, I thought. Well, the smart attitude did not suit me. Subsequent notes of the production, which were horrible from the editing scene, apart from the soundtrack and direction of Kimble Rendall, were deprived of execution and were quite careless, but these factors contribute to adding to this all the pure entertainment of evil. <br /> <br /> Imagination is consistent with the budget, which is for sure, but the hell of this bad slasher did not try to be anything else. Clean schlock, which is a bit funny!
