I must admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial holiday movie in 2004, but it's coming out of my short-term memory. In a career that quickly moves towards oblivion of tabloids, Ben Affleck, a once promising comic actor who has been embroiled in a Hollywood advertising machine to recreate himself as a romantic leading man. Judging from this film, the transformation seems to have no place, because it still lacks gravity that would make it credible in such parts. While his buddy Matt Damon plays smart roles in movies like "Syriana," Affleck appears in this type of commercial pulp. At least the superficial character of Drew Latham's successful but lonely advertising director fits Affleck better than most other roles he has tried. <br /> <br /> Directed by: Mike Mitchell (whose most famous movie is 1999 Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo ") and a script written by four screenwriters (always a bad sign), a frail thread revolves around the need of his character to" rent " a family living in his childhood, to experience his fantasy of having an old-fashioned holiday that he never had. The concept is intriguing, because there is something to say about the cathartic release of sentimentality, which we all feel guided by in the crazy commercial around Christmas. The real problem is, however, that the film looks like an extended sketch devoid of logic or authentic emotional resonance. Affleck seems to have hyperactivity, trying desperately to be loved, but the net result is a grueling turn on the part of an actor who has an increasingly irritating habit of playing stupid people in ill-conceived movies. Fortunately, he has such as James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara playing in Valcos, a couple who decides to accept Drew's monetary offer to pretend to be his parents. <br/> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom as a rough, not gentle relative of Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in this role. From her classic SCTV Days to the Christopher Guest mockumentary, O'Hara is always a comic jewel regardless of the vehicle, and it's no wonder she earns the best laughs as Tom's wife, Christine, whether she delivers one-line dryness or poses in inches for a photo shoot dominatrix. In the role that becomes her standard screen role, Christina Applegate plays her distrustful daughter Alicia, which of course becomes Drew's interest. Despite the good moments in which she enjoys the scam of playing Drew's sister in front of her girl's family, her character seems to change in instant hits, which makes it difficult to see what Drew sees in her. History is getting out of control by the last third with one imaginary situation stacked on top of each other until the story lines are tied in a short time. There are rumors that most of the film was improvised because there was no ready script. It shows, but I have to admit that I'm stuck with it to the end.
