I have the impression that the people involved in the creation of "Surviving Christmas" did not pay much attention to the film. The characters are so inconsistent, and the story does not make so much sense that the movie played like a sketch of the script thrown together with a small, but one-dimensional concept of a rich guy paying the family to let him spend Christmas with them. /> <br /> Ben Affleck introduces Drew Latham, a typical Hollywood image of a wealthy, egoistical advertising manager who buys his way through life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas because she is disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, what he calls "family vacations," and the fact that Drew never introduced her to his family. Later, we find out that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old, and his mother is dead, so the secret is why he simply does not say he has no family, instead of letting his girlfriend believe he has no care for his family. <br /> <br /> Out of fear of loneliness at Christmas, Drew follows Missy (why? I have no idea), who suggests that he do a ritual of forgiveness in his childhood home. When he meets a family living in his childhood home, Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family so that he can live through his childhood memories. She gets nervous when she later learns that she has an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because she has "no sister" and even goes to write a family script to behave more like his "real" family. Nothing makes sense when Drew reveals that he grew up without any family, but with his mother. <br /> <br /> Also an inexplicable figure is Alice, who is irritated that her family has accepted Drew's money and refuses to play along with his fantasies. But for no reason, he suddenly begins to like Drew, and after a few minutes he begins to hate his courage and act like his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete jerk in the whole movie that even his sad story of lonely God's children in his childhood does not arouse sympathy; I would almost like him to end up with: "I'm kidding! The real reason why I do not see my family is that everyone has orders to stop me! "(2/10)
