Comedy Central has the habit of putting on great programs in times - Chappelle's Show, The Daily Show, Colbert Report, and then there are some that people like or hate - Stella, Dr. Katz. There are also programs that have their defenders, but they are just terrible - Mencia, and now Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This program is based on the fact that Silverman is selfish, which can be fun (Colbert Report), but it can be awful (Mind of Mencia). Nobody should be shocked if I think that's the way it is. This program is a parody of sitcom and society, a program so absurd that it loses its absurdity and is simply not funny. A woman farted in a comedy many times because it is not something to do. We do not need 25 minutes. When the criminal is disarmed by the queue, he simply loses his charm - we saw him in Jay and Silent Bob Strike back, except for women who were hotter and the whole scene was more absurd, making her better. But the best comparison of this concert is with Stella, except that Stella was more subtle, which makes an absurd comedy funny. He had better acting and I suppose a somewhat more fantastic realistic view. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the fact that some reviews are so negative (I am very skeptical about the critic's recognition, but I do not question the fans' reactions), the number of ads on it is high, disgusting advertisements in many programs far outweigh advertising for other programs. Many people wonder why Sarah Silverman has a career, and others are still bitter when better concerts have been canceled. This program should never go beyond the pilot phase. The return to Norma showed a lot more promises, but this program is even more so. And when it comes to the correctness of critics, many things have been widely recognized, and their status has increased tremendously. I've recently checked that Britney Spears also has good reviews. Take this comparison as you want, because someone will undoubtedly accuse me of being psychotic on IMDb for not liking this program.
