I think this movie has been slightly overrated. There are many things to admire in it; on the one hand, he deserves recognition for being a science fiction (ish) film that is based on its history, not on the special effects and sequences of action that this day brings. Supporting cast is good, scenography and photos are good, and ideas are interesting enough (though they seem to be a bit tired after many average Dark City clones / Memento / Fight Club clones from recent years). But the film is unsuccessful due to the poor characteristics, wooden performances of the main actors and a ridiculously bad ending. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was that the hero was neither sympathetic nor acceptable. I realize that part of the story says that there should be some (wait for it ...) of the cipher, but I was completely unable to develop empathy for a character who just seemed boring, anonymous. man. What character transformation is for this sad sack artificially imposed on him by the story. The main actor Jeremy Northam manages to convey that the hero is confused and unhappy, but does not inspire him to be compassionate. Opposite him, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who does not have his own personality, unless he is the embodiment of a stereotype spy film counted as a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments of this film is the ending. I will not give here any spoilers, but I will say that the unexpected turnaround at the end has been quite clearly telegramsed at least 45 minutes before its appearance. What's more, after the film was an interesting idea-oriented movie for the first hour, the last few scenes suddenly and terribly change into the worst kind of Hollywood movie, along with large explosions and special effects. McGuffin's exposure at the end of the movie is poorly completed, and at the end the characters seem even less than before before some of the main plot lines of the movie have been resolved. <br /> <br /> The movie is not bad at all, though. It is possible to maintain some low voltage most of the time, despite slow stimulation (although I think I have more than average tolerance for slow motion movies). And there are times when the restless, paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali clearly tried to trigger on the surface. But in the end these elements are not enough to overcome the disadvantages of the film and the script. It's probably a good movie that covers the same topics and ideas, but that's not it.
