Let me start by saying that I usually like the style of Renny Harlin's director, in most cases, and that the author of the photos should be praised for some shots. In contrast to Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Hard Hard 2", which I liked very much, this movie lacks something. This, my friends, is a scenario. Dialogue in such films is always horrible, but this one takes a gold medal for stupidity. There are so many terrible lines in this movie that I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but making the line is pathetic and seems more suitable for a bad porn movie than adventure action. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if they slow down the words they say they can improve the scenario. Again wrong. <br /> <br /> The sad thing is that some talented actors get into bad roles with worse dialogue. Stallone has never been my favorite, but when he plays in circles around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of Rooker, something is wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in "Ricochet", but he turns out to be someone who can not save his life here. How is this possible? I've always been a big fan of him, and he's trained in acting Stallone, who still called in his performance. Part of Turner is so small and aimless, but she still manages to get lost on the screen. Michael Rooker CAN works. I know this because I've witnessed it in "Days of Thunder", but it looks like it is clearing its lines from memory cards. Is this what happened? When Rooker and Lithgow have the scenes they are talking about together, I just wanted the movie to end there, or both to be astounded in their acting abilities. Unfortunately, none of these things have occurred. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one who really blamed me for this mess other than screenwriters. It's his fault that I have never been drawn into this movie because it should make people act. The screenplay is not very good, but still the performances of the actors destroy this film and it must lie with the director. I do not care how much you paid for special effects, which are mostly good, you still can not just sacrifice a movie with horrible acting. <br /> <br /> Plus, the pace of this movie seems to be off. The opening sequence was good, and the airplane scene was very well made, but how should you care for the result of the attack at all? I mean, I understand that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles on the plane scene, but I really did not care if they got the money or not in this scene. If a bad guy won early, maybe I would not have to witness one of the worst films ever!
