After seeing "Driven" on a plane to America 3 years ago, I really believed that I saw the worst film ever made, and I could relax, knowing that I would never have to suffer so much before the screen. Unfortunately, as I learned last night, it was not like that. The revolver is so horribly angry that I am actually thinking of recommending friends to see him, so that I do not feel like I am the only fool who has been convinced to watch this. It's really amazing how much this film completely falls into the face with this constant, and I mean CONSTANT voice of the main characters, with completely absurd pretentious nonsense! I was furious at the cinema, listening to the brutal beating of Andre Benjamin for what seemed to be half the movie while I was thinking - what would the Turks do with this complete gangster joke, whatever would happen when he made his "offer"? You know what I will tell you. He would have told him to let go, threw his head away, and looked with complete contempt as his equally inept partner was spinning as fast as his chubby little legs would carry him. I mean, what should we believe that goes through Jake's head when they offer him a "solution" to the problem? They are cheaters, so they must of course be able to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Does not it start to wonder why its symptoms are not getting worse? Does not a penny drop the third day of what's happening instead of Richie, who gives the audience a painfully patronizing phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know he's been cheated. <br /> <br /> In any case, I can add a small positive note to the film, going to dry humor, if it provides, fortunately, a similar standard to his previous films ?? bulls ** t! This film does not try anything as wise as buying back through well-planned funny lines, oh no. Somehow it was so unfortunate that I really did not hear as much as a titter from a completely packed cinema? and anyone who knows UGC in Sheffield knows how full the main screen can be, and not one person smiled so much. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be fun and honest enough, you can still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what was he planning to do to the movie, can I ask? An unnecessarily surprising plot! I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> By far the most satisfying moment I experienced last night was listening to a very loud sigh from ALL directions of the audience, when everyone was desperately praying for the end of the movie. It was really fun to watch how quickly the patrons fought and escaped to leave after they realized that it was over and they were free from their torments! <br /> <br /> I will fill it (I "have to finish it, I'm angry again when writing it), developing the" end ". I mean sh ** t! End ?? ... no, I'm sorry, I can not, you just have to see and see. You can not express it in words, you simply can not, and after seeing it you will learn why. Uuhhhhh ?? chills?
