"52 Pick Up" simply does not work. Look, if you're interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or anyone in this amazing cast, especially John Glover, who is brilliant. But the book - a slow-smoking, noir thriller with lots of pulp - should translate into a tempting Oscars movie, instead of that bagpipe that could not determine if he should faithfully portray a hard, harsh crime book, or decide on a Schwarzenegger spree from the 80's. Moving the scene from the original location in the Detroit book (the area where Leonard has lived for years and knows it very well) to Los Angeles makes Leonard try to fix his script, but ultimately can not. It was, for example, a smart device that made Mitchell's wife a city councilor (she did not have a job in the book), if you think about it: this is the only way you could ever blackmail someone in a sexually crazed city like the '80s. Los Angeles for adultery, or any potential sexual scandal. Even then, it is more likely in a more conservative eastern state such as Michigan to believe that a) his tiny "industry" of porn is a miserable, hell money, in which three losers can desperately start a not so stupid upper middle colleague undergoing a crisis middle age, and b) adultery itself can be something that blackmail someone if their outstanding careers and old-fashioned wives can not cope with the shock. As a consultant, Ron Jeremy will tell you in the 1980s. Los Angeles was a colorful, stylish mecca of porn more similar to the film "Boogie Nights" than a dark, darkened world of hijacked tourist buses, dirty apartments and drug deals depressed by urban misery. On the other hand, Los Angeles may be the background for such a story if we arrange the scenery more carefully - there are still a lot of dark nooks and psychopaths. Unfortunately, Harry Mitchell Roy Scheider appears in the film as a sexy, handsome Uebermensch dancing in his problems, not even sweaty. In the book, he repulsed a union clerk struggling against a fallen business. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war with a friendly fire for which he was responsible, but he never seemed to control himself. Elmore Leonard's tales usually have a central picture that includes a bizarre courtesy between a criminal and law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell sitting in his office with his extortionist, Alan Raima, passing his financial books to him and negotiating a more practical ransom, makes such a central picture. Glover's blackmailer plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider portrays the sacrifice here as a cocky "good guy" responsible for the situation, as if he were more Rambo with the M-16 than anyone barely staying on the surface when his world is falling apart around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst single entries in history, taking into account the whole idea that appeared in the original story, and then in the movie. Raimy's imprisonment inside Jaguar Mitchell and blowing him up with the music of a marching band exploding along with Mitchell's sadistic monologue, plays for the audience wanting a "sweet vengeance" of Chuck Norris' movie, not the intelligent, balanced world of Leonard's book, where Mitchell barely escapes in the end and the conflict between good and evil can easily go in both directions. I left the theater shaking my head and depressed. What a waste of talent.
