"The Sopranos" by David Chase is probably the most praised television program in the latest memory. The series is not only devoid of intellect and passion, it is devoid of soul. As you probably read, anyone who reads, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, big, fat * beak of mafia boss with spoiled wife of his wife and two brothers, sh * children with brains living in - you guessed it - armpit America (by the way, it's New Jersey). Tony is not only a female adulterer, but also an unwavering murderer of the scumbag, with a team worthy of the caricature of "Saturday Night Live" for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a piece of sh * t mobster that offends me (and apparently only me). Allowing heroes to be who and what they are, without judgment, is something that American television does not allow. But Chase - and his surroundings of writers decorated with Emmy's money - let us not only watch Tony and his crew when they behave or even try to see the reality of action / reaction (even fictionalized) organized crime (la la Godfather). Instead, Chase glorifies and supports the greedy, brutal and corrupt lifestyle of her characters in the same way that Tony, his wife, and even his psychedelist do week after week (or should I say month after month. "It seems that the poor 13-episodes of the series appear with the same regularity as the lunar eclipse.) Much has been done from the series's refusal to stick to the "network" structure, with feature lines that do not go anywhere, and characters that pop up and disappear like backyard vermin. But if the show is so brilliant because of the lack of structure, why do I always feel that I'm watching a soap opera? Tired stereotypes of mobs, bored housewives, selfish, irrevocable figures and plots that never go anywhere. More than ever, I see why so many Americans of Italian heritage are at this concert. All you need to do is focus on a good book ("Inferno" Dante comes to mind). <br /> <br /> People from IMDb love to say that there is nothing good on TV, so "The Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are the same people too busy paying cable bills to watch "Shield"? (This is included in Basic, you know). What do you say (still good) "The West Wing"? Or maybe brilliantly played (although irregularly written) "Boston Legal"? Or maybe the best comedy of recent decades "Arrested Development"? And let us not forget that we live in the DVD age - nobody * has * to watch * anything * new. I'd much rather spend $ 40 for an inflated set of boxes, well, almost * * than giving HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 for a DVD set!) To further prove how much a hack-factory can be. <br /> <br /> Do you want a good TV? Watch "Murder: Living on the street". Or "Murder one". Or "Picket Fences". Or even Chase's earlier show, Northern Exposure. If you already belong to the legions of "Sinks" invented by fans and critics, it is too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his worthless relative where everyone belongs - rotting with fish. ("Sleeping" would be too nice)
