Seriously, I can easily take a lot of blood on the screen, gore and repulsion, but what really makes this movie unsettling and unpleasant to watch is how the doctor's figure still revolves around the physical injuries of raped women. He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby," speaks of a broken uterus, dry intercourse and massive reddish (?) Sperm, which are the most common small ailments in the world of medicine. With this in mind, "Incubus" is the ultimate effort of horror. This is not necessarily horrible? although it is not very good, nor ?? but just weird. The erroneous and incoherent scenario initially focuses on the hunt for the killer of a rapist of flesh and blood (although the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural being) and never seems to stop entering new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, turns out to be nice and for some unspecified reason all seem to hold dark secrets. This doctor has a strange interpretation of his daughter's love and constantly behaves as if he was a suspect himself, the sheriff of the city (John Ireland) seems to be in a state of constant drunkenness and does not even worry about who is still raping and killing women in his district, female reporter is even too weird for words, and Galeny (the old witch and her grandson) are simply horrible. Together, they are desperately trying to solve the mystery of who or what exactly destroys women from the cities that reproduce the organs. Sequences building towards rapes and murders are wonderfully atmospheric, and the vile acts themselves are bloody and disturbing. Essentially, these are very positive factors in horror, but the structure of the narrative is too incoherent, and the characters are too unpleasant to make the Incubus a really good movie. There are also a lot of tedious parts that you can struggle with (like the material from Bruce Dickinson's concert!) And the usually very credible direction of John Hough is almost unnoticeable. The final shot, however, is a nightmare. For me personally, "Incubus" was a bit disappointing, but there are still enough reasons to recommend this strange piece of horror from the early 80s to open minded fanatics.
