Young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) relax on the beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing jokes. Mandy hides in an old, neglected cabin, gets attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. Roy tries to help her after hearing her screams, but he is killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are new to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam is called to act by Police Chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He's doing Roy's autopsy and treats Mandy because of her terrifying injuries. Shortly after the curator at the local museum Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. Local journalist Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports on events and suggests to Sam that a similar string of rapes and murders had occurred in the city 30 years earlier. There are more rapes and murders. Meanwhile, Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with horrific acts. Tim's story and deepening into the past of cities means that Sam is convinced of the existence of a creature called the Incubus - the changing shape of a demonic being that exists only for reproduction! Directed by John Hough, this is one of the seriously boring horrors. The screenplay of George Franklin based on the novel by Russell Russell is slow. Nothing exciting and exciting happens, and ends with one of the most boring events with an unexpected ending I have ever seen and frustratingly ending suddenly. As history unfolds at the pace of snails, there are several rapes, but none are shown on the screen. There is only one scene in the whole movie. The monster itself is shown only at the very end and contains all three short scenes. Everything in this film is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. Operation is boring and you do not feel anyone. Check the scene in the autopsy room, where the boom microphone on the top of the screen is clearly visible several times. A kind of junk horror that you will forget about in one day. A real waste of time, do not bother.
