Stephen King is generally known to be morbid and it's okay, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, at the end you feel sad because of the characters or situations in which they found themselves ... here you just feel depressed. The film has something nice (in the beginning) when the family moves to the country, and the terrifying old greeting of Fred Gwyne and warns them about the cemetery for pets, but this plot does not lead anywhere. It starts with such a huge potential, but at the end loses the potential to be a good horror film and becomes banal, extremely stupid and ultimately depressing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their kids Ellie and Gage, and their cat move to a new home in Maine. Warned neighbor Jude (Fred Gwyne) is warning about the local pet cemetery and its curse. Louis does not think about it and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. He buries him in a cursed cemetery and comes back to life, still hissing at his family and wanting to be alone. One day, the baby Gage runs out on the road and is killed by a truck, and Louis knows he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage comes back to life, he changes and wants to murder. <br /> <br /> Since many of Stephen King's works do not translate well into films, I blame the directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was a screenwriter, but I will blame him for his horrible story. At the end it is so pointless and, although not funny, the premise is ridiculous. The little boy returns from the dead and manages to kill people, what looks like a tiny scalpel, and not only that, but he manages to lift the body and in one case, carry the body from the ground to the attic! ) I know it is not really, but seriously, how stupid can it be? The scene in which Louis injects his dead, now-living cat to kill him, is strangely sad because the cat did not deserve it. All he did was go around his own business and kill him. The scene in which he injects his son is almost unbearable. Unbearable sadness, but the whole situation is just terrible to think about. After injecting Gage with a wobbly drunk, before he fell dead ... why did they have to make a movie ending with the death of an infant? But ... what's worse, the actual ending of the movie involving Louis, burying someone else (he will not give it away) to the cemetery after Gage kills them ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why was it made for a movie? It's depressing and pointless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * from ****. 90 minutes. R for violence.
