This movie is Pia Zadory's specialty! While watching, I remembered a classic cartoon depicting a Hollywood star; she urgently needs a different role, but is afraid to become a type for "B" or roles in soft porn; who says on his casting session "Of course I do not normally perform roles that require nudity, but if it's artistically necessary for a movie ...............". This memory brought a very naughty picture of a similar cartoon depicting Pia at such a session, saying: "Of course I do not normally take any roles that require real acting, but if that really gives me enough exposure to improve my status as a sex symbol ..... ............. "This is probably grossly unfair, and the rather disgusting tale is the fault of Harold Robbins' book, and given the nature of the story, Pii exhibitions certainly do not receive excessive attention, perhaps Pia (who once won the actor's award at Butterfly) deliberately satirizes his role instead of trying to play the role almost impossible to reproduce. Critics usually point to actors as a problem when the film turns out to be disappointing, but it's grossly unfair; writers and director are much more likely The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the script, like o a rigorous book, looking for sensation rather than substance and nothing can help. <br /> <br /> The script for this movie is terrible, but whether the story could be filmed with a better script, more precise direction and really competent acting must remain a matter of personal judgment. When it was released, the ratings of my viewers would depend on whether I judge my personal opinion or whether I am assessing to what extent the film manages to provide what it aims to do. My personal rating would be two to ten; but to some extent the film probably provides exactly what its sponsors intended, and judging on this basis, a quality rating of four out of ten would be justified. Being in a charity mood and wanting to explain that I do not blame Pia for my disappointment, I will give you four IMDb ratings.
