The memory banks of most reviewers had to come across when they tried to remember the cubic zircon of the jewel, as virtually everyone was able to discuss Walter Thornton Lloyd Bochner when, in a fit of irritated anger, he throws a phonic garden nozzle to his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton (almost coma Pia Zadora), which was used for a sexual assault on her earlier in the film ... but I'm ahead of me. In any case, poor Lloyd could snarl in this way to the silent audience, just as he was his nailed fellow starfish. <br /> <br /> It's hard, as most of us believe, especially nowadays nobody in Hollywood intends to intentionally make a bad movie. This is certainly not the most legitimate argument, because there seem to be so many of them. But on the other hand, there is this film genre that you have to imagine during its creation, from writing, casting and directing, it had to be cursed with the film equivalent of the filming attempt during the March of March. <BR /> <br /> LONELY LADY is in this category and presents itself very well, taking into account the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients of a recipe that guarantees the production of a monumentally decadent soufflé: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress so determined to be taken seriously that she will take on practically everything that distinguishes her from her peers (which this film certainly did!); a bit loud novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (from THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST fame); the cast who probably thought they were lucky enough to work, that they were trying to play this misery like Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus the director, who was most likely a rented pistol who kept a mess in motion just to collect the payment (and he was probably contractually required NOT to use the monk "Alan Smithee" to protect what was left of his reputation). Like LIPSTICK Lamont Johnson, I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE Meir Zarchi, BARBARELLA Roger Vadim, SHOWGIRLS by Paul Verhoeven or Grandmamma Really Bad Film, MOMMY DEAREST by Frank Perry, LONELY LADY is still often discussed (usually with disgust, disbelief, terrified laughter or unique combination of all three), but also escapes the demolition, description and even the logic of the Hollyweird pretzel. No one is sure how it happened, as it was ever released in a single theater, or why it is still here and almost impossible to get rid of, but take it or leave it, stay here. And I do not think that fans of really good BAD films had it in a different way.
