Paul Armstrong is a liberal born in Scotland, professor of law at Harvard, known for his fervent opposition to the death penalty, who was hired to deal with the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida who was convicted of rape and murder Joanie Shriver, eleven year old white girl. Earl argues that his admission to the crime was obtained under duress by a sadist policeman, and the real murderer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who has already been condemned to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in a cell on death row, hoping to convince him to confess to Joanie's murder, saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, everything goes well. Sullivan confesses, and Earl is released from prison when the court of appeal lifts his sentence. Since this development takes place only after half the movie, at this moment the alarm bells will start ringing in the viewer's mind. "Warning! We have a big turn of events ahead of us. "And that's how it proves it. The expected return will materialize soon. Earl, as it turns out, is actually guilty of the crime he just got acquitted, and probably also a few others, but together with Sullivan he created a devilish plan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will admit to Joanie's murder if Earl murders his parents. (Why Sullivan did not want his parents to be dead, is not clearly explained). Armstrong now discovers that he is in danger from the man whose life he has just saved; Earl has a grudge against wife Armstrong, who is a lawyer who acted as a prosecutor in an earlier case, when Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of auto-cannibalism, in which Hollywood sometimes likes to indulge in, combining one movie, processing motifs and fictional devices from many others. The first half owes the obvious debt to films such as "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; The only difference is that the sheriff who beats Bobby Earl's confession is black himself, while in earlier films he would be white. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity). The central turn of the action was borrowed from Costa-Gavras' Music Box, although the revelation does not appear in the film until the very end. The finale, in which the lawyer, his wife and their daughter are in danger from the former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear", which also take place in the South American swamps. The characterization of Sullivan Ed Harris as a religious maniac quoting the Bible is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in "Cape Fear" in the Scorsese version, made four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> (It's a postscript. Just like "Just Cause" borrowed heavily from several other films, seven years later his main turn of the action was in turn grossly plagiarized in Ashley Judd's "High Crimes" vehicle. <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of making movies by numbers is that the resulting films are generally much less prominent than the films that inspired them. The whole is usually much less than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller film than any of those that have been cannibalized to do so. Harris is usually a talented actor, but this is one of his weakest performances, mainly because he's not so much about characters as de Niro playing Max Cady. Blair Underwood is fine, like Bobby Earl (allegedly) an innocent young man from early scenes, but unconvincing, like Bobby Earl, a murderous psychopath with later ones. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black sheriff are better, but none is good enough to save the movie. (Connery and Harris were to perform together in another, better movie, "The Rock" next year). <br /> <br /> There is one more problem with Just Cause. The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal film "problematic", the death penalty, anti-racist and critical of the heavy police. The other half looks more like the work of an ardent reactionary, proclaiming that all criminals are bad bastards, that the only way to deal with them is frying them in the chair, that liberal lawyers are useful idiots, criminal brotherhoods and that police officers who have beaten suspects should be recognized as heroes. It seems that the creators of the film were blissfully unaware that the turn of events accidentally introduced into the middle of their film had (probably unwanted) the effect of reversing their political attitude, or if they were aware of the problem, they ignored it. An appropriately entangled thread was, of course, considered more important than political consequence. 4/10
