Well, you have this, another disappointment in my account. Actually, two! First of all, although I like to think about myself that I know something about using the euro in the 1970s and its most prolific collaborators, I have never heard of Joseph W. Sarnie before. Here's a guy who has done over seventy rancid and worshiping exploitation movies and I have not seen one! How? Why? What happened here? Secondly, and even worse, when you think that you have found a new source of unknown iconic films, then the most famous and most probably "masterpiece" of this director turns out to be an irresistibly boring and irritating movie. It must be admitted that lesbian vampire movies create a completely unimportant genre as a whole, but some of them bathe in an ominous atmosphere and an interesting sensuality (like "Vampires" by José Larraza or "Daughters of Darkness" by Harry Kümmel). The film by Joseph Sarno has nothing to offer, except for lavish rewards, and even quickly becomes boring. The events take place in a quiet old castle, hidden deep in the German mountains, where five centuries ago a vicious and bloodthirsty (literally) baroness lived. Her loyal students are still throwing naked dance parties to the catacombs of the castle, which are lit with penis-shaped candles? AUCH and they hope to resurrect the Baroness soon. Suddenly (do not even ask how) the castle is full of young and sexy guests, so there are even more erotic rituals. It sounds delicious and fun, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a huge number of sequences in which nothing literally happens and where the ignorant facial expressions of the cast members are simply unbearable! Sarno is not able to create tension or build a goth atmosphere (or maybe he just did not bother), and the possibilities of actresses are limited to standing in front of the camera topless and pulling a really pathetic face. Do yourself a favor: no matter how desperate you try to see all movies with vampire lesbians from the '70s, this one is not worth a penny! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this bagpipe.
