Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, which is more well-known among English-speaking audiences, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) checking the location for her new film along with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long work, Laura rests in a bath in her room, when two very dubious figures by the name of Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) come up with her and kidnap her with the help of traitorous Jane. Laura's agent gets a blowpipe to hire the hero Peter Weston (Al Cliver), who is informed about the situation, the hijackers have Laura on an isolated island and demand 6 million ransom. Peter was told he would get $ 200,000 to safely get it back, and another 10% out of the six million if he brought it back, faster than the rat on the sewer pipe. Peter and his Vietnam. island and deciding how to save Laura. So the kidnappers have Laura and Peter, who are 6 million, but they do not want to transmit them so much. To further complicate the situation, this particular islet is home to a primitive tribe (to hell, in all the generations they lived in, they managed to build only one straw hut, now primitive) who worship some guy-monster (Burt Altman) from stupid eyes as God with human victims and this cannibal has a taste for young, white women and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German co-production was written jointly and directed by the fertile Jesus Franco, who also won recognition for music. Sexo Cannibal gained notoriety in the UK because he was placed on the "Video Nasties" list in the early 80's under another title, Devil Hunter, and therefore he was officially classified as obscene and banned, saying that I have no idea why as one bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid to associate with a turkey, decides to hide under the pseudonym Clifford Brown. I imagine that even the most ardent Franco fan will have difficulty defending this. Franco's script, I'm sorry that I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who was obviously different than he was impressed with the finished product and wanted his name removed, it's awful. It's simple and simple. At the beginning the movie is so boring that it is not true, the story of kidnapping is one of the weakest I have ever seen without the slightest tension and excitement, and horror does not improve when we get a big black guy with stupid, red bloodshot eyes plus two tame cannibal scenes . As Sexo Cannibal's horror fails, and as an adventure action, it is no longer successful, it should be avoided. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows his usual incompetence all the time, the head without head reaches an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed at the bottom of his neck to give the impression that he is not attached to anything! Cannibal scenes are bad, the action is bad and there are endless scenes of people who walk randomly through the jungle, switching from "A" to "B" and really doing nothing when they get there. Watching after about 10 minutes becomes incredibly boring and boring and do not forget that this thing lasts for 94 minutes in an uncut state. I must also mention the fun scene where Al Cliver is going to climb the cliff, which Franco achieves by turning the camera to the side and telling Cliver to crawl on the floor! Just look at the way his coat hangs and how he never grabs anything as long as he goes! Gore is not so great, and when it comes to movies from cannibals euro, it is very tame, there are some big close ups of mouth cannibals, when he chews pieces of meat, the man is pierced on spikes, there is some blood and a handful of intestines. In Sexo Cannibal and the unpleasant scene of rape there is some nudity. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal had to have a low budget and I mean low. It's a cheesy bad movie with terrible special effects and production values ​​of the bottom. The only decent thing is the surroundings of the jungle, which at least looks authentic. The music sucks and the sound effects become annoying because there is a lot of heavy breathing when the cannibal is on the screen. Acting sucks, the whole thing was dubbed, of course, but nobody can act in this case. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a horrible movie that makes a fatal mistake, being as boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that it has a dingy atmosphere and these close-ups of cannibal chewing meat are quite disgusting. Anyone looking for a decent movie experience should give Sexo Cannibal a place to sleep as far as possible, which can be avoided.
