In the days preceding the Toxic Avenger, the kings from the Troma Films camp tried to take a high (OK, slightly smaller) way of creating simple slass images. I would like to think that viewing the results here is what convinced them to abandon all claims and go on a self-aware parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another film for masochists in the audience. As it writhes through two separate casts and countless meaningless threads, watching becomes painful. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> After learning that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the action moves to a Catholic university (I do not remember the name, but in honor of the title, let's call it St. Splatter). The students are apathetic and grim and discreetly argue with each other, delaying in advance. Meanwhile, the new professor, Julie Parker, turns out to be completely incompetent in her work. Children deal with relationships, unfaithfulness, unwanted pregnancies, lustful priests and how to avoid doing any kind of work in the classroom; Julie deals with a frightening boy, an inflexible administration in St. Splatter, advises unmarried mothers and empty, expressionless looks from her students. None of them means damn things and they are not solved in any meaningful way. Oh, and every now and then there is a POV shot and stabs one of the girls to death, but do not hold your breath on her. There is Red Herring Killer, and then unfortunately an antimlimatic confrontation with the Real Assassin, and then a return to loans for asylum and rolls. <br /> <br /> Slow pace and many other sub-threads seem to be almost calculated to create a sense of frustration in the browser, which is supported by intermittent editing, coffee quality and dialogue, which just does not make sense. And the most painful thing about this movie is to capture the killer on women - the men in this movie deserve it. I would pay good money to see someone with a pregnant girl shackle, or a lothario who fooled with his girl's roommate or some terrifying prince. There is no justice.
