Colleges, high schools, communities and associations were the most popular areas of persecution for mad madmen, since the slasher cycle for the first time became a popular cinema culture in the late seventies. Even the forest cabins and campsites rode a number of massacres that took place on campuses since Halloween, classifying this genre as a cult horror movie category. From the early applications, such as "To everything goodnight", up to the big budget list of titles, such as Urban Legend or Schools Out, there was always a campus slasher somewhere deep inside. Although he was chosen by Troma - the titans of the evil movie B? Splatter University was heavily expanded after the premiere and never found an audience. Even notorious hack and slash sites, such as HYSTERIA-LIVES, wrote down Richard Haines' yarn as one of the worst booms in the early eighties. I always approach criticized films optimistically, because there is often a chance that a few bad reviews may be unfairly contagious like a dose of influenza, which suppresses the evaluation of some authors. <br /> <br /> It starts in a traditional style, a place where every maniac worth his salt appears. Yes, did you guess? demented asylum! It seems that one of the prisoners has decided that he is not satisfied with the level of services in the institution and that is why he wants to take his business somewhere else. An invisible note makes its breaking after stabbing the unfortunate paramedic, where the sun certainly does not shine. Apparently, he favors the murder of a worker, so he can borrow his uniforms, blood-stained pants and everything! <br /> <br /> Three years later, we are moving to St. Trinians College, an educational institution that is controlled by Catholic priests. The teacher is busy after hours marking the work of his students when they suddenly knock on the door. Before she has a chance to find out what the invisible guest wants, he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife, and she falls on the floor in a bloody heap. This means, of course, that there is a vacancy at the university, so we introduce ourselves to Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), a charming deputy of the recently deceased lecturer. It seems that her arrival unintentionally gave the maniac resident the whole motivation that he must go to the insolent slaughter - thon. Soon, both students and teachers fall like flies into the camera's shy threat as they follow the corridors and areas armed with an exceptionally large blade. Suspect suspects abound, but can Professor Parker solve the campus murder mystery before he becomes another statistician? <br /> <br /> I'm not sure how many versions of this movie are available. Changed video from the UK was released under the pseudonym Campus Killings, but the American copy I own states that it is a complete unedited edition, which may mean that somewhere there is some censored printout? I would be quite surprised if this was the case with Splatter University, which is certainly not as delicious as the packaging of hyperbole that you would believe. One or two liters of corn syrup is certainly not able to withstand the control of a hound compared to such as Blood Rage or Pieces, so in this case the film is somewhat exaggerated. One of the things that many critics have not mentioned is the charming performances of Francine Forbes, which ends the whole picture on the shoulders for 79 minutes. Despite the amateur direction of Richard Haines, he still reveals a great potential that should lead to a chance for another serious force act under the guidance of a more experienced helmer. Unfortunately, this possibility never came, and the bottom of the bombs, such as Death Ring and Splitz, certainly did not help to develop a talent that could be significantly improved under a proper scholarship. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast members were equal to the course of forgetting the film, especially the teenagers' wooden boards who, for some strange reason, acted as if they were listening to the remake of Grease or The Wanderers. The direction of the standard point and momentum could not have contributed to building a lot of trust in the project, and the fact that several signs of potential were undermined by the clumsy scripter service left this function effectively unrecoverable. Perhaps the only claim of originality found in Haines' slasher is the bold attempt of a contrasting conclusion. Let's say that this is not the finale I expected in a film that was so typical for this series. <br /> <br /> At some point during work one of the teenagers says: "Man, this Parker bores me to tears? The same can be said for the Splatter university, which never picks up the pace above the slowed pace. Having said that, Francine Forbes decided on a delightful queen of screams and undoubtedly one that I would pay for seeing again in a similar role. In summary, this is an unusual ride. Slow, tacky, but still strangely attractive; would you have to be particularly forgiving to give him a chance?
