I bought a BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks, not knowing what it was, and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with the purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those kitsch European horrors that have almost no salutary quality, except that they are completely entertaining, for all the bad reasons. The opening itself was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, comes to the castle, where she is to help the scientist Baron Dalmar, who is experimenting on dead tissue. On the way to the castle 1) the man is trying to rape Ivanna. 2) the housekeeper of the castle is fighting her. 3) the maid wants to kill her. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar spits on her and wants her to release her the next day. Hmm ... something tells me that it is not welcome. With such an unfortunate arrival, you would think that Ivanna will leave this place in a minute of New York, but no, like many great kitsch movies, our "stubborn" heroine decides to stay in place and even enjoys a candlelight dinner with a grumpy Baron on the same subject an eventful day. Intro is so overly kitschy (even bigger than the memorable first few minutes of this Canadian movie JUNIOR), about which I knew that I would enjoy it. <br /> <br /> But the fun is not successful. finish there. Ivanna is repeatedly drugged every time she goes to bed at night, just to wake up from the unconscious, naked, bound and tortured in a gentle S & M session by an invisible man. Even after these night S & M sessions, Ivanna stays in the castle, soberly convinced by the furious baron that what she is experiencing is nothing but dreams. It is to be expected that even after such a heavy treatment, Ivanna falls in love with Baron from the very beginning. Ivanna completely neglects something negative, including the obvious fact that the grim Baron is popular among young women. Every woman in the castle (it seems that only women work there) is in love with an unhappy friend who does not mind using pretty, young things. Things get even stupid when someone lurks around and kills (and kills) women. Basically, Baron's disfigured brother, Igor is responsible for everything. On a very long stage, the brother warns the baron that he should not get too involved in Ivanna, or he will suffer consequences. What do Baron and Ivanna do with it? Well, they're getting married, of course! During a very short marriage ceremony, the baron is shot by one of the angry inhabitants (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not discourage Ivanna, who among all the dead young ladies and torture surrounding them, joyously comforts the wounded baron that "it's only a wound of the body" and they both can continue and enjoy the honeymoon in the castle, where is the killer brother / rapist / the executioner. The whole quickly transforms into a nightmarish love triangle between Ivana, Baron and Igor. Blame it all on love! <br /> <br /> In any case, you have an idea: subtle, that you do not. In this movie, almost everything is absurd, and when it is not OTT, such as a predictable climax, everything gets boring. But for most of the film, the director or writer relishes one illogically kitsch moment after another. I love such films, everything as subtle as smacking a blacksmith's hammer into the head and populating people who behave illogically. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD aware of it and after switching to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest parts of dialogues from a dubbed movie looped into infinity. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are beautifully reproduced. Starting and ending points, candles and red curtains ... ah, class soup. Music sometimes sounds like something from Tim Burton's film, which only adds to its strangeness. And usually in this type of movie, when the young ladies take off their clothes, they just beg for killing. <br /> <br /> As a standard film, I rate it as 2, but as "it's so bad a good movie, I rate it on a solid 8 stars. If you like kitschy movies, watch this movie. This is a must see. All I had to do was think about what would take this woman out of this bizarre castle?
