(follow various spoilers) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and non-French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for a very green performance. Even Oscar Levant, who annoys me more and more from Dickens. <br /> <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something about his screen personality, which is too ambitious and focused on being persuasive as a penniless artist with a soul in Paris, content with postponing critics for an indefinite period, playing with small children and old people and painting on the streets. It made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and other movies, where he played ambitious, focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is in a sense the cousin of Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another story of Lerner misly Kelly as an American at ease, who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies her virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as nice as even a poor stunned Tommy. This is another hideous thing in this movie. Jerry is sometimes a body for Milo, and even worse for Lise. When he sees the latter at the club for the first time, he pulls out a trick to force her to dance. When he sits down again, he pulls out a dirtier trick to get her phone number. When she calls her the next day, she hangs up with him, which she accepts as a signal to get into her workplace. And all this time it's obvious that he does not want to have anything to do with NIC. When he begins to laugh at his jokes in the perfumery store, he is just as credible as Milo's interest in his paintings. Sure he's handsome and funny, but why should he sway when he has Henri who seems to be a gentleman? <br /> <br /> Although it is so distasteful, partly because of the actress. If a role like Lise played, say, Judy Garland, she would take Jerry with outrageous insults and glances. If it was played by Cyd Charisse, you could admire his insides. But when he plays for the first time, Leslie Caron looks and acts like a shy, helpless teenager, and Jerry appears to be a creeper. And why did they choose these other actors (though I prefer them to solve matters, changing the lead), when the whole story depends on the romance of these two young poor beloved ones who disentangle themselves from their carefree commitments to older rich people? Gene Kelly is not only a few years older than Guetary and Foch, but he's old enough to be Father Caron. <br /> <br /> In short, I think that everything would be improved by casting a young comedian dancer as Jerry, a kind that usually appears in musical supporting roles ... eg Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL TOWN GIRL. Maybe not necessarily, but they like it. Someone who could chase Lise and make him seem harmlessly funny; someone who would seem sincerely happy living in this Chapline hole in the wall; someone whose humor and naivety would better contrast Oscar Levant's sarcastic grumble. It would probably make the ballet seem less heavy. And maybe it was a voice that could better sing Gershwin. <br /> <br /> All this may give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like him. He was great in most of his films, just not in it (and a few others). I do not despise the AAIP myself; it has good sides, like the direction of art. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her inexperience, is rather adorable and really looks like she just came out of the picture. Georges Guetary does a good job, and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended up with SOMEBODY. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not wish her this.
