N.B.: Spoilers inside. Assigning an artistic director to an opera production naturally and inevitably means that you will get a piece of the director's mind. But directing Wagner's opera is a particularly difficult task, because he was probably the most expressive operatic composer in terms of how things should look and how they should evolve. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg loads the filming of "Parsifal", Wagner's last masterpiece, with enough foreign ideas to almost burst at the seams. You get more than a director piece: you get a whole fat hog, and then a little bit. Syberberg should be admired for his inclination to tear off the covers of the uglier aspects of German history. But is it possible to combine this desire with Wagner's opera, which already has its own concepts? <br /> <br /> Scenes with the Holy Grail knights in Acts I and III are particularly burdened with visual allegory and symbolism. They come from the time of Wagner, a long time ago and go much further. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich the vision of Syberberg (but they will not necessarily strengthen Wagner's vision); if you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, if not annoying. I do not bother developing the opera story here. Suffice it to say that it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of various elements, in this case the combination of the Holy Grail legend with the principles, practices and spectacle of Christianity. The motive of redemption plays a central role here, as in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> Personally I had to sweat to go through the first Syberberg act (amid my shocking acclimation, the music saved the day). But Act II is gaining momentum. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil wizard who entraps Parsifal's wandering "innocent fool". The greatest seducer of them all, Kundry, will be used to lure him to the dark side. After the initial madness with more symbols, they are dismantled, and the long, wonderful, transformational duet between the young fool and the temptress will really take off. Finally, the film begins to work with real magic, and this is mainly due to the choice of Syberberg to set things naturally and simply. Suddenly, acting starts acting (the expressive actress Edith Clever and the juicy soprano of Yvonne Minton to create the wonderful Kundry); suddenly the music comes alive and animates the inner confusion of the two characters. The camera operation remains simple and quiet. In other words, Wagner can tell his story more on his own terms. And it works beautifully. For me, it was the most captivating part of the movie. <br /> <br /> After the re-entry of knights in Part 2 of Act III, strange alien symbols unfortunately crept back. the use of Wagner's massive death mask as the main part of the set (causing that the convex trumpet of the composer's loom is comically large); dressing knights of act III in all kinds of costumes, wigs and make-up (what does the director say?) that knights are a bunch of buffoons? that they express many or timeless layers of meaning beyond their surface functions? Someone guesses); insert? just after the incredibly touching baptism of Kundry Parsifal ?? material from the back projection representing the conductor's test, in today's realism, his orchestra in the studio (it completely ruined my dramatic plot, requiring a few minutes to regroup); completely avoiding the transition between acts II and III (when we meet the knight again and the "narrator" Gurnemanz, he should be an old, old man, and Parsifal should return as a tired world, but a wiser middle older man); but certainly the most bizarre stroke is to divide Parsifal's form into male / female elements. Some consider this to be the most brilliant stroke. I can undoubtedly admit Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2", an actor of strength and dignity (it happens to be the best lip synchronization with the entire cast). But please ... The concept of Wagner's Parsifal is so complicated. His height from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing about his past, to his breakthrough implementation in Act II of what means the eternal wound of Amfortas and how he became his own, until his return as the great Redeemer of Act III? is a journey of a masterfully constructed character. The bisexual pressure is simply artificial and absurd. (And what about this nonsense about homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can not we just accept a mentor / student relation that is wonderfully reversed in Act III?) <br /> <br /> The Philharmonic of Monte Carlo under the direction of Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (although the chorus is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to record my recording on Solti (recommended HIGH) and restore my Wagnerian bearings straight. The film experience for me ranged from bizarre to funny and annoying. In honor of Syberberg, he created a work that catches the eye, and certainly offers a unique approach to an important opera. But instead of sticking to "Parsifal", it seems that he wanted to introduce all Wagnerian things: man, life, huge influence ... all this in the primitive symbolic code. The Parsifal opera is full of important symbols: Grail, Spear, Holy Sacraments, baptism, Amfortas' still bleeding wound, Klingsor's self-esteem, Kiss, Kundry's Curse, and more. Not to mention the * musical * symbolism sounding constantly in the score, in the form of a system of Wagner's motifs. Sam "Parsifal" is one big symbol! Returning to my question from the first paragraph, the entire Syberberg pig is too much for me. But if this project sounds like something tickling, then go to him. I do not recommend simply staying away from it; you can be happy with yourself. Or if you need something to break the Wagner barrier, try ... but please, please, do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in the late, very mature league.
