I am fully aware that there are no statistics that easily confirm the correlation between video games and violence in real life. The film is fake and fake because it is completely inconsistent with myself, which I tried to emphasize in my original review. The film fails, not necessarily, because I really think that these children have been influenced by video games, but because the movie sets them as "random" and does not work. Let me explain. In Aileen: Life and death of a serial killer, you can see her claims to the police and controlled by radio waves are funny, but she is so concerned that she really believes they are real. The viewer can, however, make a distinction. In Zero Day, the two children still say that no environmental factor affects them, which is obviously false, because everything they do is contradictory. Neo-Nazism, talking about a performance at CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous, not only because they know his name, but it is a shameless attempt by the filmmaker to get a report from his evil movie) .. etc. This movie does not represent "reality" ", He does not show anything except idiosyncrasies to prove the point. Unfortunately, you fell into the lure and you did not see it, and you did not notice it either. The whole film takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it to something "real life" in the hope of validation and fails, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the movie is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I do not think that children who play video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, there was no video cassette with Columbine kids (or a few teenagers) firing their guns in the woods, claiming they looked a lot or behaving a lot How do you fire at Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is that kids are probably media conscious, they have influence on them, but of course they are balanced enough or smart enough that they do not even pose a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the creator of the movie does not know what he is trying to say, and the film does more to refute his point, and then support him. It's almost as if the new video game ratings made someone nervous, so they retaliated with "Zero Day". If you want to see the "mindless" theory of teenagers kill, do it right, go watch Bully.
