This review concerns the episode of the film, which is generally available as "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand that there is an extraordinary version with additional materials and I hope it contains at least eight or nine key scenes that seem to be lacking in a piece known as "Wolf Fury." In short, the film has absolutely no sense. This is complete nonsense and incomprehensible nonsense. <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky, the venerable lycanthropic antihero portrayed by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of movies, is apparently a normal guy who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by the Yeti. Somehow it changed him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, scientist and instructor at the university. One of his friends, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a nonsensical word referring to a bundle of wires attached to the victim's head. Ellman thinks that this will allow her to "change the direction of the human brain", naturally allowing her to rule the world, provided she can easily connect us to these wires. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also up to the werewolves, because he kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to her hidden laboratory. He also has a group of other people trapped there. Some of them look like Gypsies and are chained, being in different states of brightness. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that one day he may be able to "help them to be human" (?), But in the meantime he controls their chemotodes. Waldemar becomes her hairy, smashing wanderer, wandering around like a werewolf zombie - until the filmmakers decide to use the footage from another film by Naschy Werewolf "Bloody Terror Frankenstein" (do not ask), at which point the make-up of the werewolf Naschy changes it's great and spins like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does it make any sense? No? Good. This is the saving grace of the film. It does not try to engage you in any intellectual level, it just goes in full swing with any nonsense dialogue or cheap sets of horrors that it can collect. "Fury of the Wolfman" may be the best Halloween movie. You absolutely do not have to pay attention to it, and if it does, you will be completely confused.
