I recently saw this small magnum opus for the first time, on one of those dollar DVDs that seem to be everywhere, and so moved that I can not resist. For those who have never seen this mesmerizing, miserable import from Mexico and want to watch it without the prejudices of someone's spoiled comment, there are undoubtedly important spoilers in what follows. So if you're one of those reckless people, stop reading immediately and go and see it for yourself. If you get drunk early enough, you can be lucky enough to pass out before it's over. <br /> <br /> Start by assuming that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. Nobody in the film will risk explaining how this kind of interspecific implantation may occur, and the rest of the movie is even more hopeless. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you drink) and let us continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) has the appearance of a man struggling with toothache in a city in which only the dentist exchanged his supply of Novocaine for a box of cheap whiskey and has since been drunk. (Is not he the lucky one?) Nke's facial expressions never change, either in makeup or outside, and apparently no one has given him any instructions on how to behave like a werewolf. Sometimes he tries to imitate the crouch of Lon Chaney Jr., but most of the time he just walks around his black mafia shirt, like another cool guy with a bit of too much beard. To be fair, makeup is actually better than the actor in it, but the continuity is infinitely worse. Werewolf Naschy is the only one that I think changes the shirt twice in the middle of the prowl. He goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in one crazy night. Interestingly, he always hugs Chaney while wearing a red shirt, and a cool guy in a walk is wearing a black shirt. And only when he is wearing a red shirt, we see how much rage it relates to the title. There is probably something in this red shirt that just makes the animal visible in it. <br /> <br /> In any case, after being bitten by a cross pollinating yeti, the poor schmuck returns home from Tibet to find out that his wife has slept with one of his students. Two illegal lovers try to murder him by adjusting the brakes in his car. He survives the wreck and makes him return home for the full moon. Then, after chewing on his wife and her lover, he pulls away again and manages to electrocute himself. But is it enough? Can they allow this tormented mugger to rest in peace? No way. He was resurrected by an alleged scientist with a hardcore fetish S / M, otherwise known as "The Doctor" (and he is definitely not the new incarnation of Doctor Who). He digs him up and escorts her to her kinky twelfth, takes him to the dungeon, catches him to the wall and gives him a damn good flogging. Probably such a string of humiliations should be enough to put a bit of fury into every wolf. <br /> <br /> After his ambiguous madness, our wolf spends most of the rest of the film wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his wanderings he encounters a stunningly inconsistent set of stereotypes, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a bizarrely inept spectral embodiment of the Opera (apparently the Doctor's father) and a heavy-handed slave captivity team. <br /> <br /> So what's the point, you can reasonably ask? One can get the impression that it has something to do with mind control and is related to what the Doctor calls "chemotroducts." (I guess best. I really do not know how it is written, if there is such a thing.) Fortunately, the experiment fails, and most importantly, it ends ... before it has time to fight off its own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, no sense is expected of such a movie, but at least it should be good for laughter. This one is not. Forget it, buddy. In this film, creeping anarchy prevails, from patched, tequila-laden atmospheres to terrible cinematography and painful music that escapes even the most vague attempts to acquire any type of MST3K. If it's not even good, what the hell is this good for? If Montezuma's revenge could somehow be remastered digitally and put on a DVD, it would look exactly like the movie.
