"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" creates a completely independent story that does not match Waldemar Daninsky's previous films. Some commented that this film was to take place before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", although it was released later ... they may be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this movie, Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a Tibetan-like creature in Tibet (a big dialogue here - "It was a Yeti, but it's impossible, I'm a scientist, and these things do not exist.) It was hallucination, that's all.") it is marked with a pentagram sign, it is able to prevent the change to a werewolf until he discovers that his wife is cheating on him. One evening, changing into a beast, she kills her and her lover before she runs into the storm and gets electrocuted. He is soon resurrected by a professor at the dominatrix university, who is carrying out inexhaustible experiments with mind control. He is taken to the underground basement of the castle, where the subjects of these experiments live like shackled animals. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call him, he is an actor and passionately cares about his job. No matter how flawed these films are, you can always count on its decent performance. The rest of the cast seems good enough, but it's hard to say when they have a half-lost voice on all lines. This was a major problem for me ... many of the artists they used were just horrible, horrible, horrible. Whenever I chuckled during the film, they delivered their lines in a clumsy way (they seem to refer to the hero constantly as "Waldemann"). But unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitle copies of Naschas, although sometimes they are available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> Directing Jose Maria Zabalza seems like a hit. In some scenes there are some great visual ideas, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes, when it really counts. The reason for this was that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time on the set. He let his fourteen-year-old nephew convert Molina's dialogue, used add-ons without his consent, and combined several photos from Molina's earlier films. All this ruined every chance that this movie was one of Molina's best works, and it's no surprise that they never worked together again. <br /> <br /> But this is not all bad news, how are the good ideas there? Some aspects of the plot create an interesting psychological drama with a werewolf as a metaphor of jealousy and rage. The idea of ​​"werewolf as yeti" is an idea that returned in Molina's later work. A little frightening and surreal thing happens in the basement, and there is also a very memorable sequence in the middle of the movie, in which Daninsky runs from house to house through the village, murdering or molesting the innocent as it goes - one scene is particularly intense, but is actually taken straight from the first film by Molina "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" along with several other photos. All in all, I think the movie is very entertaining, although there are some problems with the Front Row Entertainment version, such as quite obvious cuts (though some of them may simply be due to the director's lack of continuity). The gods know what the omissions are - I will probably try to get the uncut version at some stage in the future. <br /> <br /> This is generally a decent piece of vintage Naschy, which experienced fans can enjoy, but it could have been much better, so probably it would not be a great introduction.
