Honestly, I had no idea that Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon director, not murdered rapper) was still active in the 80's! I have always thought that the wonderfully inept "Empire of the Ants" became his last masterful achievement in the horror genre, but it was before my dirty hands came across an ancient and dusty copy of VHS "The Coming", a completely unknown movie about witches that turned out a more or less pleasant surprise! What begins with the seemingly romantic story of the late dark ages, soon turns silly when a villager from 1692 inexplicably moves to today's Salum, Massachusetts, and immediately attacks a girl from a museum of history. As you can see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman, who was a real bad girl in 1692 and falsely accused over twenty people of practicing the spells that led to their execution in state. The man who attacked Loreen, lost his wife and daughter and wants his belated revenge. But poor and three-year-old Loreen is just an innocent student? is she? "Burned at the Stake" develops like a mixture of "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a bit of "The Time Machine" thrown in for good. Dear Bert! The plot is becoming stupid and meaningless with every new twist, but at least it never goes completely bored, as is often the case with other contemporary movies about spells such as "The Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville Terror". The film jumps between the events of modern times and retrospectives from 1692; which makes it rather fun and fast. Girl Ann Putman is quite a fascinating character, reminiscent of the character of Abigail Williams in the more well-known stage play "The Crucible" (also presented by Winona Ryder in the film from 1996). There are several nice death sequences, such as a teacher at the cemetery or a journalist in the library, which was committed by the spirit of the vicious Reverend who made a pact with Ann Putman, and maybe even the Devil himself. At the end of the movie, the film becomes quite spastic and completely absurd, but overall, it's a bit of fun. Plus, at least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that you definitely build some directorial skills over the years.
