I've seen thousands of movies and never wrote reviews, but the Red Eye I've witnessed is so contradictory to the glowing comments posted here that I am forced to offer my two cents in protest and vote for the lowest possible score just to bring the average closer to reality. <br /> <br /> It's a boring, boring smelly movie that is memorable only because of apologists depicting the purpose of the terrorists (diplomat John Bolton-esquire who is really a great guy, you do not know) and for such a handsome and popular Dr. Phil (whose best-selling book is often read all over the world). The only real Red Eye I experienced was rubbing my eyes in disbelief. <br /> <br /> Before you spent $ 10 for this B movie, read the "Quotes (from the trailer)" above and ask yourself if you really like the movie with the smartest lines. Unfortunately, nothing more in this film is better. The basic assumption is stupid as hell; the action is bland and boring, completely devoid of pro-antagonistic chemistry; the potential for uncertainty is thwarted at every step - with the exception of the last five minutes - by poor directing and anticipation; the scenario is full of incongruities such as: the early disclosure of the heroine as a university lacrosse star is questioned when he later fights an antagonist with a hockey stick; and the role-playing holes are wider than in the first class (while character development is only a trainer). <br /> <br /> And then there are moments of extreme ridicule, like when the high-ranking daughter of a public official is NOT going straight to security at the airport, at the first opportunity to warn them about the plot against both the head of Internal Security and her father. Or when the same woman walks along the skin along the smooth linoleum of the airport, breaking her arms and veins in her neck, bulging, wearing 4-inch high heels. Or when her pursuer is racing like a sucking wound in his windpipe. Or when the terrorists use a rod to take out the weapon from the goddamn bottom of the port. I'm always inclined to suspend disbelief, but I'm not going to jump from 30.00 feet without a parachute. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it presents women who are able (even in the form of bimbo) to cope with the most extreme emergency situations - this kind of sexual imaging is very missing in American movies. Besides, this movie never starts and is no more exciting than a flight from red eyes from Boston to New York. Do you remember the last time you were caught by deceptive trailers and glowing tributes in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the Red Eye video and do not watch it.
