Wes Craven, you are laughing ... at our expense. The conspiracy of the Red Eye is ridiculous ... We are dealing with a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl who then appears at the airport behind her, flirts and talks her successfully, somehow hangs around her place for two places, not trapped in the middle of a row of five places (contacts at check-in?) and is pleasantly nice during painfully slow building. Then, when he rushes into the air, in a closed space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten vain, if super effective, Rachel McAdams and telling tosh how "we dad, do what I say, or poppy gets it" Well, forgive me me, but do not they have their daddy ready for slaughter - yes-better-better-long before she entered the plane, so it would be so much easier to just kidnap a girl to get off the street and terrorize her in a room, forgetting about her father's complicated and uncertain plot, pulling out her nails or whatever, until she makes all the important "calls" required? Or even - because these are movies and we need a few unrealistic twists - keep an intact dumb case, if you must, but dress her better to keep her in the wrong direction, until the intricate conspiracy will make sense, without the stupidity of the plane? Alternatively, not wanting to sound like a truly thinking terrorist / killer - or a massive bazooka missile can not be much more easily used, say, in a car going down the highway, with a politician inside, not in the 50th story of a hotel on the seashore in Miami, with fishing boat (remember, as we already know, security in Miami is relaxed, so they will escape)? I know, I know, much more pleasure watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks, braking her father's home to steal his wallet (this one somehow - the star trek style - is immediately transported from Miami to Texas) to - perhaps - have her arrange for the politician to change the hotel room, and ... and, well, a thousand things may go wrong, each completely destroying the Grand Plan, so why not lose weight to a reasonable handful, such as - 1. bazooka. 2. a car. 3. bum! I spent my 50-minute journey home from the cinema to emphasize the abundance of faults and stupid corners of Hitchcock cod, which was unfortunately the best fun of all the pitiful experience. And when it comes to security at the airport in Miami ... we have a seemingly crazy and brutal girl escaping from the plane, pursued by cops who sit down during the chase to drink coffee, move somewhere else to read the magazine in the bar, then run again like crazy up and down the whole terminal ... now also chased by crazed Cillian Murphy (then there is no CCTV? - I had guns pulled on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds in Miami Airport a few years ago). So instead of talking to the cops - her allies - or getting into the blower in the phone box directly to Dad to warn him that his life is in danger, McAdams would rather steal the People's Carrier from the family in the yard (call the cursed security. ..) and go home daddy, killing the vehicle killer in the front garden of the house, in a rich neighborhood neighborhood, crushing the front porch - an act that really wakes up daddy from an afternoon nap, after about a minute, but somehow does not register with neighbors, who are not even slightly curious, thus providing 15 minutes of hiding and looking for the Shenanigans, when the duo runs across the vast Hollodeck house. .. Dohhh, it really hurts to think about it all - Cillian (certainly renamed Silly 'for what you do?) Unkindly turns from an ice killer into a comically plucked (and clumsy) madman at the end, this theoretically ruthless an envoy of human life, letting Dad live, so that he could watch his daughter cook a goose. I'd better stop because the drivel stream I write here must sound as uncoordinated as the Red Eye script. If Mrs. McAdams could not get to the plane in first place, the title could be changed, from "Red eye" to "No eyes, honey." RR
