There are times in this unique cartoon of pure beauty, but overall it is not very good. Limited animation, as well as sub-standard character and background design will limit its attractiveness on the mass market. The character's appearance looks like the intersection of the original Clone Wars and Disney wars by Kim Possible, (Brendan, the main character of this film, also has an unusual resemblance to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). Nondescript and depressing to stylish and austere, but according to today's standards, generally, it is still poor and cheap. Many environments resemble similarities to Eastern European or Nordic animation from the mid-1980s, nice in their own way, but for a contemporary children's audience, accustomed to CG fairs and dog dogs with every piece of fur swaying in the wind, I will definitely let you down. The story is not too addictive, and many voice actors are not very impressive, noticeably usually brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be calling from his side. There are also a few background characters, which are somewhat trivial and stereotypically racist. However, some characters are good, villains from the Vikings, though under-utilized, are well-made, and especially anticipate both appearance and sound. There is one moment in which the main character and his mentor are saved by the Wolves from the Vikings attack, which is very nicely made. Appearance and style seemed to be very inspired by the Watership Down movie, including a glaring pick / tribute to Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The appearance is also clearly and clearly inspired by the Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are interested in these themes, you can be attracted by its appearance. In the film there are also moments of very nicely structured shots, leading the eyes in a very artistic way, including a nice match cut and a large-scale Viking attack, which is very moody and impressive. The best thing, however, is that the music is largely melodic and moving, and more specifically the song of a ghost girl who is really beautiful and haunted and works very well with the images she covers. If the whole film was as poetic as this moment (and tries), it would be a very beautiful and poetic film that unfortunately would not reach a wide audience, but instead it is not a shame that it will not reach a wider audience, because most of them are average and cheap and does not meet modern standards of animation. In general, a movie that clearly divided my opinion in many ways, but not all together, but it's worth watching for music and songs, and from time to time a nice or frightening moment. Oh yes, and the cat seemed to live for a long time, not knowing how it was possible.
