Chris Rock deserves more than he gives in "Down To Earth". Directed by the brothers Chris and Paul Weitz on the fame of American Pie, this inspired fantasy by Warren Beatty in 1978, Heaven Can Wait, it was a variation of Here Comes. Zakala Emma for her first special HBO series. As expected, he spits out sworn words from A to Z, but deliberately avoids the word F. Anyone who has seen this talented African-American comic in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows he can make more laughter with the word F than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together. Unfortunately, despite some witty "only children", "Down To Earth" hits Rock Down as both an elaborate comedy and an unbelievable interracial affair. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" completely destroys all good will, which Weitz Brothers created their groundbreaking face "American Pie". This one-time drivel qualifies as an elaborate and deceptive comedy with totally unbelievable interracial romance with an invisible color. Unfortunately, more than a competent cast is Mark Addy's "The Full Monty", Chazz Palminteri from "Analyze This", "SCTV" Eugene Levy and the debutant Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr. ?? footed, sketchy roles. Hardcore Rock fans will no doubt accuse your favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never been broken. Abysmally written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down To Earth" casts Chris as a messenger who every day rides his bicycle in the Big Apple and is booed off the stage at the famous Apollo theater in Harlem. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from severe fright. Nevertheless, his charitable manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") clung to him through thick and thin. After Lance learns that the Apollo Theater will organize the last amateur night extravaganza, he begs Whitney to be part of it. I'm sorry, but if Lance is such a terrible comic book, why is Apollo still inviting him? Meanwhile fate has something else for Lance. While cycling, our hero notices a beautiful woman, Sontee (Regina King "Jerry Maguire"), crossing the street, but does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates into the sky with a halo wrapped around her head. In Heaven, reminiscent of a nightclub for cruise ships, Lance learns that the over-zealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), died 40 years before the scheduled date. <br /> <br /> Heavenly King (Chazz Palminteri from "Analyse This"), God's right hand, apologizes and escorts Lance to the ground. A jerk that Lance can not recover must inhabit another body. Keyes' best idea is the ruthless, 60-year-old Charles Wellington tycoon. The adolescent wife of Wellington Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his unscrupulous personal adviser Winston (Greg Germann from "Sweet November") just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts this conditionally as a lender until Keyes finds a more suitable body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a nurse activist protesting against his decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital that serves the poor. While Regina King brings an excess of charisma to her role as a crusade health care worker, she plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington. Although it is no longer black, Lance is not only trying to fool Sontee, but also to win a concert at Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" contains Rock in its most uninteresting role. The reason for the comedian to make this film seems questionable. Apparently he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loves the original script that scenario Elaine May wrote for Beatty. Initially, Beatty himself tried tricks to reverse the breed in his own version, trying to cast Muhammad Ali in the title role "Heaven can wait." The transaction collapsed, and Beatty himself appeared in the film. According to Rock, his longtime co-writers and he thought that they could "annihilate" this classic. What's more, he justified his choice of "Heaven can wait" based on his philosophy "Do something that you can do only when you are hot". Earlier, Rock rejected the screenplay for the traveling rappers bus, because he saw a small chance to extend his image on such a trip. As a dead comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock does not press as much as he turns him into the worst! This half-baked concert movie with an annoying plot does the same to cremate its comical reputation, as is the case with the Weitz brothers! You know that the comic movie is in serious trouble when you play at the nightclub, so you do not hear jokes, just laugh. Similarly, the cast of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler who speaks English to the queen but is in fact an ordinary man from Michigan also disagrees with logic. Addy is a real Englishman and does not have to pretend to be an accent; his accent is real. The main overriding issue related to "Down to Earth" is the again-again-again-reminiscent switch that makes the characters of Chris Rock disappear completely from the field of view for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the movie as a white Wellington guy, viewers see him largely as Lance, cutting the comic irony of watching his stocky, bald, Caucasian white, alter ego ghetto humor intoning offensive hip-hop songs. Unbelievably, Rock served as the executive producer of the film and one of four of his scribes. The secret is how such a wealth of talents can eradicate such an awkward, mistaken error of comedy. The only redemptive element of "Down to Earth" is the excellent orchestral film score Jamshied Sharifi.
