I think "The Best of Times" was a lost thing from the very beginning. The initial premise (the guy drops the winning touchdown against the rival high school team, he never seems to lose, and then he will try to reconnect both teams to play again) is one of the stupidest I've ever heard. Ever since Ron Shelton wrote much better sports movies, I wonder if there was anything more to it. I hope this movie was not green, and Shelton showed the story as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> So we have an assumption. From there you could think or hope that there could be several twists and turns on the way. There is no happiness. This script follows every predictable stereotype you can come up with. In this movie, there is no moment in which the movie will not reveal itself and the mile will end ... if you can not find the end before the end of the first drum, then you have no attention or seen any other sports movie in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell are playing (and bored) in running. Williams is a poor schmo who has thrown a big pass, and Russell is the quarterback who threw a fatal pass. Dear, do you think Russell will try again to see if he and Williams can fix the mistake that the city has never forgotten? It's such a lame comedy with a lame script that you can only shake your heads, wondering what could have been. Sure there are a few chuckles and, to be honest, there is one really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and wives invite them to dinner to solve problems. No guy realizes he was invited on Monday and yes, Monday night football is turned on. Bearing in mind that both teams play one victory, men (especially Williams) try to resist the temptation to learn how the game is going. The scene melts into fun pieces when Williams goes check the result, using a visit to the bathroom as a trick. When he returns, he coughs the result to Russell. Later, when Russell starts making moves on his wife, Williams turns the TV in their view from another room. <br /> <br /> This is a inspired and fun scene in a mostly uninteresting and stupid movie.
