Blank check is one of those children's films that could have been a great thriller for children, but instead it is a tired, lame house that is not worth a penny. Quigley is a criminal who just escaped from prison and got hidden millions of dollars from the big score, and then we meet Preston the frustrated kid whose room is taken over by his brothers to start a company and of course Dad treats his brothers better because they earn money the same day when he goes to a children's birthday party, and his dad is cheap, he rides on small children, while other children ride a roller coaster, then receives a birthday card and a check for 11 bucks, how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets wonderful Shea Stanley, whose parents will meet fans? he learns that he needs 200 to open an account, in the meantime quigley gives his million to his banker friend and finds out that the bills are marked so he will send his juice to the valet to get those unmarked when Preston leaves his bike on quigley about writing a check when he sees the policemen and lightning bolts back home, his parents scolded him for his broken bike and what happened? their child almost ran over and worried about the bike? So Preston falsifies a check for a million dollars through his computer and comes back just to escort him to the banker, thinking he is juice, that he gives Preston money, but the real juice came and he realized he was cheated by the child! So Preston buys a mansion called Macintosh gets a limousine driver who says distasteful jokes and goes into epic shopping, then he notices Shea and talks about opening an account where you're loaded and talking about opening an account? We soon realized that Shea was an FBI agent tracking Quigley and his two other accomplices, and then he told a cheap dad that he had a job for Mr. Macintosh and spent the day playing go-karts playing vr games and meeting his limousine buddy. goes out on a date with Shea in a fancy restaurant, which wins the 10-year-old and gives 20 FBI agents? Then he takes her to the street geyser and plays in the water, destroying She's dress for $ 300, but she accepts it well, if it was a little realistic, would hit him for ruining her expensive dress, so quigley and the other mad interrogates the little child and he quickly spills beans, and Preston is chased by Quigley in a scene taken from the original script and later words that organizes Mr Macintosh's birthday, which is really his birthday, when he discovers that he could not pay for the party where the chair and dad sit they talk to MacIntosh, who he does not know is his son he talks to and that Preston should be a real kid and that all his childhood is ahead of him and he wants Preston to come home sooner. an hour ago you grilled him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to go out and sit alone, wondering when Quigley and the others are breaking into the house so that Preston will pay, so he stands in the final, which the house itself is tearing apart. Quigley turns to the ball while Preston rides the juice of the cards goes into the groin and goes into fools until the trio force Preston to siege and when hope seems to be lost, Shea and a bunch of SWATs come to save the day, so quigley and his crew are sent to prison, but is there any hope for Preston and Shea? she is kissing him on the lips, huh? What? What? An adult woman kissed the child on the lips. Come on, is she mentally retarded? I mean an FBI agent who knows the law of the country, risking a career to kiss a child? she could have been arrested on the spot! and the most terrifying part of everything is that it is not goodbye and it will be seen in 6 or 7 years! Oh, honey, so he comes home to celebrate his birthday, so the moral of this story is that you can buy love and respect? What are they smoking? The most important thing is that it is a waste of time, that morality is hit, that it is flat, like a tortilla, which kid annoys, villains are bad, comic relief is not fun brothers are unacceptable, dad is even worse romantic story is terrifying Shallow and the only salvation is cinematography by Bill Pope, who shot the matrix trilogy and two videos about spiders, so that people would not waste money and instead would watch at home. <br /> <br /> It was a review of Samuel Franco.
