Two years ago at the Film Festival in Berlin, we watched Amos Kollek's "Sue" in the Panorama program with the wonderful Anna Thomson in the lead role. It is a film about loneliness and sex and about how one thing is compensated by the other. In the same part of the Festival, we must now complain about Sue's unnecessary antithesis, "Extension du domaine de la lutte", which is now trying to convince us that loneliness and lack of sex is one and the same problem. But unfortunately we can not sympathize with "our hero" (as the story-teller calls it), because it is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and self. Own wine, I'm sorry. I can not understand him. It is not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to acknowledge that it is not his destroyed self-awareness or passivity of his personality, which has led him so far, but a rotten society and his image of sexuality. Yes, there are deeper observations about the relationship between the sexes, but we will not follow him so far ... And the point is that there is a sign of reflection on his own part of fate, without sex. Who has not noticed this yet, is quite depressing film ... <br /> <br /> In the beginning there were some more detailed sketches of the situation. In the store with bedding, the "hero" talks about obstacles in buying a new bed. Perhaps it is too much going up the stairs, you have to stay in the house for half a day ... THIS is a satire about a character who does not know how to take life and heart in hand, MAKE something ... The film does not follow this path, but he copes with his characters helplessly. Nobody believes that "our hero" is able to call Tisserand for murder. Too boring, too nice, too passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex, it has inhibition, but of course it could not be a murderer of women!). At the end: there are women and the world, it is not a device of a modern, sexualized society. Help you as much as you can, but do not follow the news and the "wisdom" of this film, which declares bankruptcy in interpersonal relations, without using real conflicts.
