Believe me, I wanted to like the "Spirit". Idiotic comments that people made at the time of the release about how peculiar it was to watch old-fashioned, hand-drawn animation, as if the last animated pencil cartoon was released twenty years ago, and even more idiotic comments on how computers made old techniques stay they became obsolete, they took on blood ... but then the offensive, tasteless banality I had to endure during the first ten minutes of the "Spirit" increased my blood even more. <br /> <br /> Character designs are general, animation (partly as a result) only competent, the direction of art as a whole is so completely, boringly unremarkable, you wonder how it could come to this (we know from "Prince Egypt" and " Way to El-Dorado "that there are talented artists in Dreamworks, and the sophisticated use of CGI is badly evaluated in every case. (Why are they worried?) There is nothing to look at. In an animated cartoon it is fatal. /> <br /> But it is getting worse ... <br /> <br /> Horses can not speak, but they are much more anthropomorphic and unconvincing than the deer in "Bambi" who can. And it seems that in some sense, the horses CAN speak. Sam Spirit delivers a prologue (sounding for the whole world, like a 21st century actor chosen from a shopping mall in California), and since then his relaxed, definitely unofficial narrative is almost absent from the soundtrack, though never once all that we have not known yet, or expressing a feeling whose work, although it is weak, could not be expressed twice. This prologue, incidentally: (a) contains information that the Spirit, later discovered, knew the way of cognition; (b) expresses ideas that the Spirit lacks the power to express, even if he could speak; (c) contains the nonsense of a new age, such as: "This story may not be true, but what I remember"; and (d) give countless children (production is, I suppose, six-year-olds), the impression that horses come from North America, which is true, in the fact that the common ancestor of domestic horses, zebras, etc. was a native of North America - but all the species of horses on the continent died out long before the arrival of the first humans, and the mustangs from the herd of the Spirit (which allegedly "belong here like grass buffalo") come from horses introduced by Europeans. <br /> <br /> So the prologue rather irritated me. <br /> <br /> As often as the ghost says, Bryan Adams sings, sounding as usual, as if he had a bad throat infection - and it does NOT THIS, and even HAS singing, WHAT SONG: roaring narrative ballads, which in to a lesser extent, if possible, than the spoken narrative of the Spirit, and which sound as if they all had exactly the same melody (although I looked carefully and was able to recognize that I probably did not). If only Bryan Adams and the guy who pretended to be a horse could have SHUT UP for a minute or two, the film could have its real form: mediocre and derivative, not happily evil.
