For anyone who loves predictable movies with a terrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, wazoo clichés, and stereotypes that seem to be typical of an American movie, look no further. DreamWorks whether he wanted to save money on earning voice talents, or if he really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; Anyway, they managed to deliver a rather bland and boring movie. Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a boring festival that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and is not entertained, despite the oh-so-terrible theme of animals triumphing over people. After watching great animations, what remains is only a big mess. <br /> <br /> The ghost tells the story of a stallion who looks like a handful since the beginning of the movie because it is a horse that can not be tamed, calmed or controlled. Because of this, he gets up and becomes the leader of his group of animated horses, including his mother. But his life in freedom and running stops suddenly when he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of combining the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this time, Spirit (almost did not really call it in the whole movie) befriends a courageous Native American and a friend, and also has many contacts with cynical and cruel army soldiers who apparently do not believe resignation. <br /> <br /> Why movies must mix computer and traditional animation? It comes out of the net, something Spirited Away has also suffered. The best example is when the train is chasing the Spirit; you see a hand-drawn Ghost running from a computer-animated train. It would look much better if it was one or the other, but not both; unless you really can pull out some nice effects. The famous dance sequence Beauty and The Beast uses computer animation, but it is not as obvious as the train or snow in this film. The opening sequence was the best-looking part of the movie, a bit sad when I see that the rest of the movie is sliding down a bit in terms of quality. The small stage has a lot; I mean many similar shots of the general's face, quite repetitive and irritating in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children can enjoy this movement, but due to the lack of dialogue, song and motivation, this can be the perfect sleep technique for hyper children. While Disney is criticized for its animated musicals, it becomes more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling such a story. Bryan Adams has no place in this film and why does not Hans Zimmer use the western motif in this film when the story takes place in the Old West? The soundtrack sounds a bit different if you ask me. At least they use realistic horse sounds, two points for it. However, if you want to refrain from talking about horses, why stop interrupting the narrator from time to time, and it happens that he is the main character himself? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are nice and Western people are angry, killing indigenous people, torturing horses, noisy, psychopathic monsters that have to be destroyed. More or less, the Spirit shows us. He achieves the point where he tries so hard that viewers hate travelers from the Wild West; they even had a stage with a few horses pulling a huge train up the hill and another scene in which they were destroying the whole village of the natives. Now a friend of the Spirit has betrayed him more than once, but it is excusable, apparently because he is not a soldier; this or because he has a sassy female horse. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not exactly a victim for which we should repent; The viewer should sympathize with the Spirit despite the fact that he exposes all his group of horses, wreaking havoc, and perhaps even leading to some deaths off the screen, which are quickly moved aside, because no, Spirit is in trouble! This film becomes quite rhythmic, as we see in many cases the Spirit escaping from chains, digging people, destroying property, releasing horses, and then re-captured - all in the same order. The authors seem to be obsessed with cliffs because they are sprinkled with the whole film; in the case of the movie Old West, they certainly do not have much space for wandering around. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: This is certainly not a Disney movie, in fact it is a bad thing, even though it was they who were striving for it. Instead of a typical musical, we get a boring movie that in many cases becomes predictable, boring and slow. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when computer work is thrown. Everything in this movie was simply bad; from ideals that the Americans were not natives then, they were bad buffoons, a soundtrack, and music that seemed so distant. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which basically has nothing to do with the Old West, has a more western style than the film. Do yourself a favor and skip it altogether. Thank you.
