It's nice to see people like Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer form one monumental piece of movie garbage. It is nice to see people so rich and "successful", who are wasting time on one of the most forgotten, banal and pathetic movie pieces of all time. This movie depicts the worst Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? Is based on a real story. Well, they start with the basic news and facts that they read in the US today. But then the film goes to some fantasy world and a "Cuban" refugee who will do it in the American drug subculture; a bit like Rocky on cocaine. Is this a movie about Cuba or Cubans? For all my life I do not believe that there is one Cuban in this film. Accents are completely false, and the stage with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for Central American values. The whole scene looks like something from Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this a movie about Miami? It looks more like LA transposed in Florida. Afterall the palm is a palm. Is this a romantic novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the ghetto and there is not a single shred of opportunity that these two characters could care for each other. Is this a drug movie? There is no mention of obsession or addiction. Behavior of actors on the coke line is not different from drinking water. Admittedly, acting is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the rest. Music is disgusting and sounds like Latin lift music or something from Lawrence Welek's performance. I think I heard a polka? The camera's work is tacky with too much movement and much more cranes than it could be effective. Of course, the budget for the photograph was excessive. The sound is whitewashed in many places, and dialogue seems to take place in the warehouse. The letter is terrifying. This is one of those movies that the script itself wrote. You are dragged from one banal dialogue to the next, each pushing the storyline like a sack of bricks. <br /> <br /> So I will ask, is it even a movie? It can be a theater series patched for two and a half hours. But at least a series of dramas has a purpose. Maybe it's just a few poorly preserved scenes glued together. Whatever it is, a movie or not, it's a bit of nonsense.
