THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> I rarely saw a movie as unbelievable as this one. And being a Frenchman, he tries to be deep, being enigmatic? nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and has just declared for breakfast to his family that he is HIV positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not come to breakfast yet, and the first thing a family does is to say that at the age of 12 he is too young to tell him. Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve? The first absolutely unbelievable thing is that the family does not even ask where and how he got the virus, how long did he know? nothing is asked. They only worry that Marcel will find out. This is a very close, provincial family, but although they decide not to inform Marcel about the positive status of HIV Léo or that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all these messages without any questions or reactions. How many families do you know where your parents / brothers would not have at least SOME reaction to one of the members who announced he was gay? Nothing here. <br /> <br /> Léo decides he must go to Paris to see his ex-lover. And he decides to go on a journey with all people, Marcel. Do you know someone who would bring his younger brother to go to a lover? Again, completely unbelievable, especially since Marcel should not know his medical problems or homosexuality. If the family decided to convince him in this way, it is rather brutal and unbelievable. <br /> <br /> Léo is looking for his lover, Aymerica, in his work at a bar in Paris. The owner says that the Aymeric will not be there until early evening. But why would Léo want to see him at work? Why not call and make an appointment in a more private place where they can really talk? Why do not you go and see him in his house? But no, Léo appears later in the day (together with Marcel) and is surprised when Aymeric does not drop everything to go with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that Léo has left him and that Léo has not responded to any of his letters. Léo says "But I love you" and then he leaves. But if he really loved Aymerica, would not he tell him at least about his HIV status, not warn him to give in to the test and maybe get the medicine? This will be the least he could do? but not peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aymerica that he may have been infected with the AIDS virus. Is it completely irresponsible? and filmmakers; was this film apparently made for a French series for young people? is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here? I think that "every man for himself" is still a French way of doing things? Another aspect of the movie, which was totally unbelievable, was the "touchy" aspect. Everyone always relies on someone, caressing someone or kissing someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I've never seen anyone in France be YES physical, no matter for the whole family. One of the 17-year-old brothers sitting at the breakfast table has a leg on the knees of his older brother, and the older brother caresses his leg when everyone is sitting and discussing. How many brothers do you know who are THAT physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old enters Marcel's room with the question "What happened, you can not sleep?", Then he takes off his clothes and, completely naked, gets into bed with his brother and hugs him like they were lovers. This and other similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave the film a somewhat incestuous character. I'm sorry, again I do not believe that this is a regular behavior between teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are okay? especially Marcel in the lead role. But that was not enough? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Léo, but once again Marcel was removed from it? he was looked after by a cousin (I think). Despite this, he eludes and watches the funeral from a distance. Is that what a tight family would do? It is completely unthinkable not to include him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the film and it was the last straw for this viewer.
