The recent boom on the dating show on TV screens U. S. achieved a fever from the first episode of "The Bachelor". Since then, unsuspecting recipients have been subjected to countless clones and varieties, including "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money" and "Mad America." Hoping to take advantage of this trend and the simultaneous use and exploitation of the new demographic, Bravo unleashed a disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" in the world. And let them have mercy for us all. <br /> <br /> The assumption is simple and aims to be reckless: an eligible gay is solicited by many suitors, eliminated show after the show, until one is left, but there is a turn of action. Half of men are actually simple. This is not a big deal, but the inborn malice of the script begins after hearing the payment: if at the end of the show the gay man chooses a disguised man, a simple man wins the cash prize. Gay does not get anything, at least nothing more than a few farewell presents, pats on the back and cordial "You are not embarrassed? Well, thanks for the game! "<br /> <br /> Just like the equally painful" Queer Eye For The Straight Guy "(another Bravo program), this program is another example of stereotypes that can be run in amok. What's even worse is that straightforward men play these stereotypes for cash. The producers of this series believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in your hair, change into Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, undress it with all hair and fat and voila! This is a homosexual equivalent of placing a white performer in a black face and just as offensive to those of us - like me - who are really gay and do not dress / behave this way. This means that gays do not have variances or chances of individuality that they can not behave like real people, just like stereotypes. It does not matter that the suitors' bank suffers from any diversity. They are all subdued, most of them are white and all look too washed out and cleaned. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how instead of supporting gay acceptance as dynamic individuals able to change and change, Hollywood again took the stereotype and launched it all the way to the bank. I feel really dirty watching this program, as I show every gay who sees this unbridled parade of soft-core pornography impersonating legal TV. 1 out of 10.
