I watched the whole house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did it. I do not remember that he really enjoyed the show. I think that most Americans who watched this hypnotized their evil. This will put you in a state of trance and will not return. I still have scars, but I'm trying to keep going. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it has to be that bad. The performance is so trivial that each episode ends with a "conversation" from my dad so that all problems disappear. The characters of the series are repulsive. It's all, it's an obsessive, banal father you want to hit in the face every time it appears on the screen. Then we have an alleged "uncle" who is just looking pretty for mothers who have to watch this nonsense. We have another uncle who is completely ridiculous and who makes a lame impression of the Bullwinkle (I must say more about him). She is the oldest daughter who can not act and always moans about something. Then the middle daughter, who always says, "HOW LUST!" Almost everything that someone says. Finally, is the youngest daughter of Michelle. Do not let me start on Michelle, played but horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you would associate it with the Antichrist. He always demands things, he tries too hard to be "sweet", he always says "DUH!" And rolling his eyes that make you want to hit her. I am not a big fan of using physical violence as a punishment for children. But in her case, I would agree. She needed him every day. He is the most selfish character ever introduced into the mainstream of television. One example is that her uncle rocker is busy working in the attic. Bachor decides to constantly annoy him and demand attention. She yells at her and she gets nervous. POOR CHILD! The rest of the episode satisfies her emotional needs, and her uncle apologizes to her. UGGHH! The performance will lower your IQ along with the slow destruction of your will to live. I am surprised that we have not heard in the news that full house is playing in the background when the police find people who committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not watch the program replays. You'll thank me later.
