For most younger viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. That's why they probably will not feel so sad watching this movie like me. I happen to be a silly comic freak - seeing almost every existing Keaton movie. My being a big fan made this movie very painful from beginning to end. This is because during his quiet days Keaton was a very dynamic and creative comedian. He was physically incredible, and his films were almost never boring. However, in a movement in which film historians are still amazed at the end of the quiet era, Keaton resigned from independence and became an MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM saw Keaton only as an actor - and wrote scripts for him who had no respect for what made him great. At the beginning, these MGM films were not that bad (such as THE CAMERAMAN), but with gadgets, the studio really did it - putting it in a few movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his gift to the gabu and he was harsh. Keaton, on the other hand, was quiet and based on action. It would be difficult to find two more dissimilar and incompatible entities. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some really awful movies. <br /> <br /> It does not mean SPEAK EASILY is a terrible movie. No, instead it's just more time and incredibly unpleasant. In fact, if you go into the movie assuming it's a comedy, it's probably going to make the movie more difficult to watch. Instead, it's a kind of drama with a few comedy elements. This is NOT a movie that will cause belly laughter - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in a strange environment. Keaton is cast as a college professor whose whole life he teaches. He knows nothing about the world and has a nose in his books. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant tries to convince him that Keaton has received $ 750,000 from his deceased relative - hoping that this will encourage Keaton to go out and enjoy life. This is amazingly invented, but somehow manages to act. Not good, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and goes to New York to have fun. Along the way, he meets an extremely talented branch of the theater. Because he does not know anything about the world, he does not seem to realize that they stink. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, just before the exhibition starts, his friends find out that Keaton is NOT rich. So they decide not to inform Keaton and keep him away from process servers that want to close the show. They assume that if the show is a hit, they can pay off their debts and everyone will be satisfied. They forget, however, that the show itself stinks. What to do and will Keaton get a nice girl, be caught on a string by gold seeker (Thelma Todd), will he be flat and lonely? If you care, see the movie. <br /> <br /> When it comes to Keaton, he has some stunts in this movie, although at the end there are some elegant ones. Instead, Keaton simply passes through the part in a very subdued way. There is very little love in this film or hatred. It's just blah ... when it should be so much better.
