This appeared during the last sigh of the western genre; unfortunately, it turns out that it is a very small and completely unsatisfying effort - even if made by veterans in the field! First of all, the plot does not offer anything new: James Coburn escapes from the gang chain, intending to kill a man (now retired) who put him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter sets him a trap, Coburn outwit Heston, kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, a former lawyer - in the company of her fiancé Hershey (Chris Mitchum) - embarks on the pursuit of Coburn and his supporters, all of whom broke the prison with him. <br /> <br /> Instead of dealing with McLaglen's customary sub Ford style, he approaches Sam Peckinp's approach - with which he is never completely free: disgusting characters, lots of violence and sexual tension generated by Hershey's presence among the lustful group Coburn. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn have appeared together in Sam Peckinpah Western - worried MAJOR DUNDEE (1965), I really have to pick up the restored version of this on DVD, although I recently recorded a movie version in a pan-and-scan format outside of TCM UK). In any case, the film is too general to give an elegiac mood, which is clearly aimed (also suggested by title): then both stars have already paid the matching value to the most American genre - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> At least, however, Heston retains a bit of dignity - his aging figure tries to overtake half-breeding Coburn, predicting what his next move will be; the latter, however, deals with an extremely brutal role and only at the culmination reaches its own goal (relishing the moment of revenge by sadistically forcing Heston to be a witness to gang rape at Hershey). In addition to the latter, this long sequence shows that Heston is trying to deceive Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID (1961), and the sinister gang is trapped in a bushfire ignited by the cultivated Heston and the violent death of two obsolete "heroes" (just like his fashion, Heston's death takes the form of a gratuitous sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> The support cast includes Michael Parks as an inefficient city sheriff, Jorge Rivero as Mexican Lieutenant Coburn and Larry Wilcox - TV series CHiPs! - as the youngest member of the Coburn gang, who was entrusted with the task of watching over Hershea (doing everything in his power to keep his droolings away!). Jerry Goldsmith brings an aromatic but at the same time insignificant result.
