First of all, my sincere compassion for anyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope that he would watch the movie in the same form as the fantastic girl and local hero Gregory, but ended up with the theater feeling disappointed and vaguely deceived. Although it is true that sequels are usually, avoid a few notable exceptions, mistakes and exist only to provide the studio management with the opportunity to earn the success of the previous movie, offering us either a hidden re-enactment of the original story or a plot so far away from the intention of the original that the resulting film does not make sense. In the case of Two Girls, Gregory Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of committing both sins - on the one hand returning to the story of Gregory Girl, while serving an honestly unbelievable and cretinous story involving Scottish arms dealers. Gregory is now a teacher at the same school where, at the age of sixteen, he had a hopeless passion for playing Dorothy. Though he is now thirty-five years old, Gregory still has a hopeless passion, but now for the football playing Frances, also a sixteen-year-old, despite the fact that the music teacher Bel clearly made it clear that he is attracted to him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her led to his involvement in the disclosure program of a local arms dealer, who is also an old student. There is no point in going further, because the rest of history is forgotten, and ending does not make any sense. The main problem lies in Gregory's character, because there is no trace of the charming and charming sixteen-year-old Gregory, who actively and hilariously chases Dorota, convinced that he will finally win her. At the age of thirty-five, Gregory is presented to us as rather sad and without friends, whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside of work, he spends time watching Noam Chomsky's films and reading magazines about international injustices. When his friends and family from the previous movie seemingly disappeared, keeping two pointless scenes with his younger sister, who is no longer offering him advice or seems totally interested in his life, we are confused by what Gregory really wants, he is and why he is so , what is the. Why, for example, is not a friend? Why does not he ever see his father who is clearly alive? Why did he come back to study at the school he had once attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why has he become so apathetic? Why is Frances attracted to him? Why does not Bel attract him to the last twenty minutes of the movie? What do Bel or Frances see in him in the name of heaven, because he is neither dead nor magnificent, or even interesting? Why is he still trying to convince Frances even after he and Bel have become an object, and their company threatens to completely destroy his life? Are we really to believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells torture weapons to oppressive regimes can avoid media controls but gets into the trouble of some school children? Does Gregory really think that throwing a handful of computers into the sea will change anything? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair attempts to remake his performance as a youthful Gregory, up to facial expressions and uncomfortable body language. Unfortunately, at the age of thirty-five, it turns out to be strange and strangely frightening. In addition, it is difficult to feel compassion or compassion for a teacher who has erotic sexual dreams with one of his uniformed pupils while they both are on the pile of gymnastic mats. Instead of being funny, it simply smells of pedophilia. It is difficult to know what was happening in Bill Forsyth's mind when he wrote this script or why he thought that the fans of the original movie would cover a story so completely devoid of charm, wit and warmth that the first film became a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to create a movie about a man who refused to grow up and engage in adult life, and perhaps whose happiest memory was to be a sixteen-year-old girl and to chase the best-looking girl in school, but who is gradually forced to accept that life lived in the past is no life. At least this could be the basis of a film that was thematically interesting and intelligent. Because Gregory's Two Girls adds 116 wasted and meaningless minutes, saying nothing and marking even less. Gregory's girlfriend was responsible for starting Bill Forsyth's career, I hope that two of Gregory's girlfriends will not be responsible for sinking him.
