Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller from a tensioned film based on the idea that the AIDS virus was a government mutated mutant virus to get rid of the gay world and was apparently tested on convicts in the years before the outbreak of a hideous disease. If it were not for the fact that the concept of the film was poignant, it would belong to the category of many films about the destruction of the world by the spreading non-warning infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and its consequences by the convicts in which he was infused. He meets with disdain and resistance to dead theory, but also meets people who know theory and support her investigation. Simultaneously with his visit there is a series of serial murders, each victim is killed in a similar manner, and each murder apparently accompanies the strains of music from Puccini's opera "Turandot", which just opens in the Opera in San Francisco. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her accompanying police officer (Kalene Parker) are investigating murders while Stefan is celebrating sex clubs and bars in San Francisco, trying to locate men who could be guinea pigs for his father's theory. He encounters the strange boyfriend Jeffrey (Jim Thalman), with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction, and an outstanding doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti), who seems strangely involved in the cast of suspects. How it all ends, is the movie, the story the same about finding your own identity between Stefan and Jeffery, what about the investigation of the murders. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are good at their roles (they are the only three who have any previous acting experience in the movie!), The quality of the film collapses much less than the acceptable minimum talent Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker: when the screen of credibility of the story falls below zero. There are also small scenes with the participation of other actors that brighten up the screen for the moments in which they live, but in the whole movie there is a continuous replay of "Nessun dorma", sung by Mario del Monaco from the recording of the opera - and this seems to be the reason for the film! A good idea for the film and good characterization of the actors, but there is no solution to the initial assumption that started the whole matter. Grady Harp, February 6
