The story "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutating monster" extinct in the 1950s. Mainly because of the scientific fact that traveling outside the Earth's orbit does not cause people to turn into mutant monsters, and that the first movie that uses the story THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent science-fiction movie that took advantage of this idea. So the idea of ​​returning to the unnecessary plot seems doomed from the beginning. Unfortunately, watching the AMAZING HUMANING MAN seems to be the smallest of his problems. <br /> <br /> First of all, it is an extremely poorly made film. The budget is in singular numbers and I talk about liras, not dollars. There is no cinematography that can be talked about and there are innumerable assembly errors. For example, the photographer takes his (barely legal) model for a photo session. Cut to the shot, where the sun is directly behind the model, and then to crop the photo, where the sun is directly behind it, and then return to the model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> None The budget also pulls the movie also in other aspects. According to the curiosity page, the budget was so low that producers could not get any of Saturn's footage, so when astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn looks, we get pictures of the sun. In fact, the sun gives the most impressive performance in the film, because human actors would not be employed by a porn studio. If I showed up, I was not scared of the title monster - I was afraid of a splinter from the rest of the cast. Perhaps we should be somewhat forgiving, because the obvious lack of budget manifests itself in such things as the actors who have to wear their own clothes. The general, for example, does not wear his nice, fancy uniform with medals - he wears a denim jacket and a cap with a visor. <br /> <br /> It must be suspended disbelief that such a film would work, but it fails on every level. The tone is set at the beginning of the movie in which Mr. Melty murders a nurse and escapes from the hospital. Instead of calling the police, saying that there was a murder, Dr. Nelson decides to track down his patient on his own, just like looking for a lost cat. It is also strange that a completely decaying monstrous monster can cross the street without noticing anyone, but this is typical of a movie in which horny 70-year-olds stop their car on dark roads for a quick number, and people nonchalantly say that their wife She is pregnant, forgetting to tell the police that there is a monster in the wild. <br /> <br /> AMAZING MELTING is class Z junk. I certainly understand why people like this movie because it reaches the heights of "It's so bad that it's good", but apart from the sometimes impressive effects of Rick Baker's make-up, it's only very she must have pleasure
