Emma is my favorite novel Jane Austen - Emma has good intentions despite her shortcomings, so readers can forgive her and love her, as well as the relationship she has with Mr. Knightley, who is warm, familiar, respectful, but jocular, generating warm, fuzzy romantic emotions. Mr. Knightley is a great man, and Emma is as close as you can at this time, to an independent, wise and confident woman - remember, he is only 21 years old and will definitely grow and grow out of her disadvantages. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be told by Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma does not allow you to understand the things that I love in Emma. I could not even finish watching, I just thought it horrible. I have not seen this warm, generous side of Emma, ​​which prompts the reader to love her: patience and warmth that he shows to his father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, which testifies to her willingness to put her friend's happiness above her (because she sacrifices her only equal companion in her home, passing the marriage of Miss Taylors). The figure of Mr. Woodhouse in this adaptation seems bizarre, not just peculiar, older and a little trying. <br /> <br /> This adaptation, most importantly, does not bring a life in the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is based on mutual respect and sympathy: Mr. Knightley is indulgent on Emma's minor mistakes, trusting that her intelligence and genuine concern for others will never let her go astray; and Emma is looking at him, though she is hiding this jokingly and still uses her own judgment. The clothes she gives her at the very beginning of the performance completely exaggerates the quarrel between them and destroys any possibility of showing the nature of their relationship, as I described above. Mr. Knightley is also insufficiently attractive to liven up the sexual tension between the leaders (or arouse the admiration of female viewers). <br /> <br /> Really horrible. I can not understand why someone who really likes Emma's novel can like it unless he miraculously repurchases after I turned it off.
