Except for about 10 sublimated minutes with HB Warner in a heavenly train, it was 94 minutes of terrible monstrosity! Acting was terrible, but history really scared me. The acting was wooden and stiff, even according to the standards of early gadgets (the exception is Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of which can be wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely terrifying and dead as Julie (like in 1932 Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde, otherwise the perfect movie). And the rest of the cast was worse, there were no words to describe their horrors. <br /> <br /> Worse than acting, however, was history. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Lilium, cad and a female user with no advantages. He married Julie, but he did not support her, instead he lay all day in bed or spent time with his low criminal friend (Lee Tracy). And, yeah, she never has a nice word for Julie and regularly beats her. Julie, however, loves him and constantly excuses him, which only makes him more offensive. What's even worse, this movie presents this story to us as a love story. Somehow, we should see Julie as a noble figure whose pure love redeems Lilium. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of the movie takes place after Liliom killed himself (the plot is stolen and Liloni stabs a knife and is not taken away by the police). When he died, says Julie: "I kept tormenting you, but I'm not sorry." When he finally dies, he finally tells him that he loves him. (None of the characters ever said "I love you" to another when they were alive.) After his death, the Chief Justice of God gives the Lilies one more day on Earth to "do something good" for their unborn daughter. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom allows one day to see his 10-year-old daughter on the ground. He comes to her in the backyard of his house and tries to persuade her to let him "do something good" for her; she tries to force her to play cards, tries to give her the corner of Gabriel, but she is not interested and rejects him. So he hits her. He. Slaps. Her. And then it disappears back to the afterlife. Looking at this, we can see his daughter talking about it to Julie. The girl says that the slap did not hurt, it was like a kiss. This is to be the magical moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if something like this is possible, and Julie replies that "someone can beat you and beat you, beat you and do no harm." Then the music swells and Liliom goes to heaven in a heavenly train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> In this movie there was one saving grace, namely an interview between the Supreme Judge (here he was really great HB Warner) and Liliom in a heavenly train. The judge had to tell Liliom very deep things about life, second chance and death. This scene itself has made me receive this rating from 1 to 2 stars. When it comes to the suicide of Liliom as a way to avoid his problems, the magistrate says: "People assume that when they die, their difficulties will end. You thought that by killing yourself, you would cancel all your duties. It's not that easy. On Earth, your name is still spoken, your face is still remembered, As long as there is someone who remembers you, it takes so long until you are completely forgotten, you are not finished with Earth, though you are dead. "Some wonderful, elevated transcendental thing among one of the most terrible garbage I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> Incidentally, this story has been clearly filmed many times, both as "Liliom" and as the musical "Carousel".
