Universal's response to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a bland, unimaginable direction from Michael Winner, who is wasting an outstanding cast of the scenario massaging the crater-sized holes of the crater. Not to mention that an unbearable silly is never an explanation for certain key elements in history. <br /> <br /> The Cristina Raines model moves to a skyscraper belonging to the Catholic Church with the frightening, blind priest John Carradine, who always punches through the window. He begins to suffer from weak spells and nausea. What's worse, the tenants it meets in the building, like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looks great at the age of 55) is Realtor, who showed Raines this place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after she found out she had an affair. José Ferrer has a small role as a "Brother of the Brotherhood" who informs the prelate Arthur Kennedy that he would be careful when he goes to the skyscraper himself, not only containing Carradine, but also Raines. Sarandon sends a rented hand to the skyscraper one night to check a room above Cristina's apartment, where she heard a clatter of metal and other loud rockets. He died dead the same night Cristina "killed" her DEAD father in a nightmare. Shouting on the street, Cristina actually has blood on, which leads police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to examine them with certainty that everything somehow leads back to Sarandon, who is a hot lawyer who once beat the cop court about suicide of the entire wife. This case is really the motivating factor of Wallach's insistive approach to determining which blood was really on Cristina and whether Sarandon has something to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands that this type of Latin Cristina mysteriously understands and unbilled actors such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular room who became available in the same room (currently renovated) that Cristina once stayed! What worries me more is the lack of explanation. At the end of the movie Wallach and Walken are forgotten, and we wonder why they just stopped investigating. Their figures remain only on the back burner. As the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain man dies and must be replaced to guard a gate in this tower and why Cristina suffers from the trauma he does, he is not properly explained. As some ghosts just appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the rooms that were occupied during the cat's birthday (see for yourself), they are not properly explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand scheme of things ... he brings people to this high-rise building, but what are its reasons in the film? It seems that this movie should have lasted longer and cleaned up everything that was lost due to a hasty conclusion, which is simply funny when it should be frightening.
