The prison is in Wyoming, where work in a new prison has a problem, so the state board decides to re-open the old state prison, which has been closed for 20 years, commanded by Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith). 200 strange prisoners are sent to work and placed in order to repair a damaged prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is ordered to break into the old execution chamber, duly obliges, but when he penetrates a bricked door, an intense ray of light shoots and all electricity, gas and fire around the prison are going crazy for a few minutes. Burke unknowingly released the deadly power of evil, which is in the mood for killing and nobody is safe ... <br /> <br /> Director: Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a bad horror from the late 80's that seemed forget about the small point of the story. The script was written by regular C. Courtney Joyner from Empire Pictures, who was responsible for writing such "classics" as Class of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master Vs. Demonic Toys (2004), including budget horror, which even I have not heard and seems to be taking very seriously. The biggest problems I have with Prison is that it is much too slow, the film lasts over 30 minutes before the "bad force" is even released, although the pace at the end is growing, but by then it was too late. I was worried about the fact that there is no noticeable plot here. At the beginning, he never tries to explain why the old execution chamber has been walled up with "bad power", never explains why this force decides to kill random prisoners when it takes place on a revenge mission or why it simply does not. Kill the Guardian Sharpe right away, there is no explanation where Burke fits in, although he looks exactly like a prisoner who has been electrocuted and returns, there is no real explanation of how the Guardian is connected to anything that is it's going on beyond the two early nightmarish sequences in which it seems to remember something, although it never reveals what it is or why. Honestly, I could not give you a summary of the story because the movie does not have a stiff history that goes all the way. Characters are boring and forgotten, murders are scarce, stimulation is far away, the whole movie is a mess, and even ghosts can not shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot a hero. Less than a satisfying way of spending 100 odd minutes, there really are better things you can do. <br /> <br /> Full American debut of director Harlin, who does a good job and has a decent atmosphere, but after over an hour of Solid gray, dark, prison cells and corridors, I began to get bored. I think the movie's appearance is too repetitive, insipid and sincerely devoid of life. I did not think it was scary, and gore is quite tame, except the best moment in the whole movie, when the police guard is killed when the load of barbed wire surrounds his body and face with a pleasant throat closure torn. In addition, the corpse and the butchered body are burnt, which falls from the ceiling and not much more. There is a scene in which the Guardian burns all the prisoners' mattresses in front of him, and then makes them stand all night in the underwear in the yard, I watched the scene and I thought that you would never miss something like that. The prisoners have rights here and if the Guard did something like that, there would be a national protest of all humanitarians and every prisoner sued the Guard, the prison service and the government for everything they had and won! > <br /> With an alleged budget of about $ 4,000,000. The prison really had a pretty healthy budget, although it does not really look like it's on the screen, it's definitely a decent throw and some of the special effects that are included are good, but overall it's set in the same location with limited ambitions. The prison was shot in a state prison in Wyoming, so it certainly looks like business. Acting is okay, Prison argues that sometimes Hollywood stars not only have one horror skeleton in their wardrobes, but in the case of Mortensen he has two with this and horrible The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994), both of which I am sure that he would like to forget about ... <br /> <br /> The prison is a boring, lifeless, colorless and humorless waste of 100 minutes, despite one good gore scene, I did not like it at all. Actually, I prefer to make my films they had a history rather than seemingly random events and incidents that are not connected to each other.
