I also do not, but this movie is unfortunately one of those films that are too bad to be good and too good to be awful, which makes it completely pointless and a complete waste of time. There is nothing more interesting than the average movie, and My Name is Modesty: Regardless, the subtitle takes mediocre to a new level. He's full of B actors, but he's not funny because he's taken seriously. It is described as a thriller, but then turns into a kind of adolescent drama, flashback style. Beautiful Alexandra Staden, suppressed unrecognizable under make-up, more like a cast member from Top Model than Modesty Blaise. I am not one of those die-hard comic geeks who want every adaptation of his valuable "graphic novels" to be perfect - in fact I have never even read Modesta Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch. But that was not it. The film is half finished, with a weak and very surprising conclusion about a rather weak story. He also takes the audience for idiots, explaining to us every little story and showing flashes of things that took place three scenes ago (I think they all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now I love a good movie B - which is better than turning off the brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by no one else, like Scott Spiegel, who brought us a wonderful movie from the splashing nonsense From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2, because he brought with him everything that bad film B should bring to the table - nakedness, gore, pistols. "Modesty" is simply boring. A flashback about the life of Modesty is not interesting. Acting is not bad enough to make you laugh at it. Actually, I liked Nikolaja Coaster-Waldau (hey friend, nicknames are your friends!) Performance as bad. <br /> <br /> So generally speaking, it's just bad. Weak. Trivial. Name what you want. Do not watch anything because Tarantino presents it, people. It is simply an unforgettable thriller that never tries to be something more. Let me finish this review with a very bad pun (seriously, even I flinch): My name is modesty: a modest waste of time - 4/10
