I grew up reading Modesty Blaise, both comics and books, and she really is a hero for me. Even though I was not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, I wanted to hear a few years ago that he was considering filming her film: could he finally give Modesty a nice big screen that is worthy of? I heard about "My Name Is Modesty" a few months ago and I checked the stars that were given here, and I was not too surprised to find out that the result was not too high, because beloved characters often have difficulty melting fans "heart, if it is not exactly made. So I decided not to read any reviews, and instead watch a movie, and just finished watching it, and I'm stunned and sad, and yes, also very angry. Sad and furious that for over an hour I see something as wonderful as the character of Modesta Blaise turned into a movie that has nothing to offer to the viewer or fan. <br /> <br /> It seems that almost everything about this movie is incomparable and unprofessional, although I must admit that I have seen some actors in other films before, where they were okay, so I can not blame them. But the screenplay and direction ... my God, why do you even do this kind of nonsense with production values ​​a bit bigger than the average TV movie, but much worse? I do not know the background of the movie and I do not really want to know it, but I can not help thinking that how on earth can Tarantino say with simple faces that he loves modesty and then puts his name on it? He simply lost immense respect in my eyes. The director was not a good man for this job and I can honestly thank him for ruining my night. <br /> <br /> I give this film three stars and these stars go to the actors and technical quality, which could be worse. The other seven missing stars are what this movie was not good at. Well, let's hope that at some point there will be a serious production of the Modesty Blaise movie, which has several other goals than stealing money from Modesta fans. Although if people like Tarantino make decisions, I do not hold my breath.
