The film "The Boogey Man" by Ulli Lommel from 1980 is not a classic, but it is an above-average low-budget aggregate, which is worth watching. The continuation of "Boogey Man II" from 1983 is ultimately a waste of time, but at least it is fun if not taken seriously. Now I left the door open for another continuation, and I did not mind seeing at least one. One day, when browsing through the movies in the store in the mall, I came across the movie "Return of Boogey Man." When I learned that it was a continuation of earlier films, I was happy that I could spend a few dollars on it ... I should have known better. Although the opening title is "Boogey Man 3", it is not a continuation of the two much better films I mentioned above. Well, not completely. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! It's laughter. Is there anything good in this piece of cow dung? Let's see ... has material from "The Boogey Man" and ... fortunately it is short. Yes, it's about it. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: where to start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this movie is boring. It moves from one stage to the next without anything interesting or frightening. Operation is rigid at best. "Actors" are most likely friends of the director who have never had any acting experience before, probably they did not have any. The story is non-existent and the script is trashy written. The direction is simply terrible. The director tries to make the film look like an artist, making the camera move, flickering lights and filters, but does not add anything. Music is boring and difficult to hear in parts. Ties with the original are unsuccessful. Suzanna Love's character was Lacey, not Natalie! And the events presented at the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. Also, if it has 3 in the title, why is there no mention of what happened in II? Finally, it adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or to the genre. <br /> <br /> Final thoughts: People who are behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed. That's one thing if it was the original movie that was the first director and sucked. But instead it is to be a continuation of a movie that is not a masterpiece, but it is damn sure much more interesting and funny than this one. If there ever is another continuation, which I doubt, it must forget that it ever happened and be served either by Lommel himself or by someone who has at least some idea how to make a decent horror movie. br /> My rating: 1/5
