I will just say that I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a defective horror from the 80's, but hey, these types are cool to watch! And besides, it gave us something a bit different. So I gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie appeared with it (only a copy that they had in reality), so I thought, "Oh, what the hell" and I bought it. Mistake # 1. That night I felt in the mood to watch the movie (I bought it that day) and came to the conclusion that it was the shortest of all I bought, so I'll just look at it and hit the sack. Mistake # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I wanted to take a chance. <br /> <br /> So a few minutes in the movie and there's the first flashback. At the beginning, I do not think about it. Then a new material with the chick predicting and a bit like the direction in which it moves. Then the next retrospection, which is a bit longer and I sit there thinking "Yes, I saw the first Boogeyman! I know what's going on, so go ahead! "Then the next one appears and I imagine that I will screw it and forward it. Then the last one (Maybe I quickly scrolled through the explanation, but why was she lying topless on the mirror? At least she could show it!) And I decide to go forward, then the culmination and the movie is over! WTF? What happened to these predictions? What happened to the guy with long hair (Did he hit it or what?)? And more importantly, what kind of weed burned the writer and director during the creation of this horrible POS ?? And what was it about? Did Annie have a flashback of what happened in the first movie? Or maybe things from the first movie just happened at the same time? The latter may make sense because the jab in Pantyhose's face took place in 1978. According to the heroes of this film, it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no, no! Because Lacey (who changed her name to Nancy in the movie!) Is Uli too stupid to remember her name of the movie's heroes?) She would be 20 years old since she was 5, when it happened and not just the wife of someone who looks like 30 - an old boy, but he has a kid who looks like 7 and 10! Did she manage in high school? And why should Pantyhose be after Anna? What relationship does he have with the heroes of the original film? And the GREAT HUGE FILM ERROR I found in this film is that when the doctor writes in his notebook, will anyone notice that he is just GUN? Wow, how professionally, Doc! So what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? THIS IS AN IMMEDIENT MOVIE WITHOUT THINKING WHICH IS IN THE WHOLE! I will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes only with this movie and that's all (maybe some additional features, any special edition?). Then I will return this DVD and I hope that this review and all others will make it impossible to watch it for those who have not seen it, thanks to which movie stores will get rid of it, and this movie may no longer exist! Let it be that way! Unfortunately, this review is so long. I'm angry at this movie, which I had to somehow drop
