The mourning couple moves to the hut on the mountain after losing their daughter, discovering that ghosts, restless ghosts of former residents who commit suicide visit this place. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames her husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the terrible death of their daughter because of leaving the door open and for this reason the marriage has deteriorated. Julie remains in a zombie state, causing emotionless, distant and numb, photographing only a nearby abandoned prison, finding a surprising picture of a ghoul girl tied to the cell bars. Although Allen does not see anything unusual, Julie continues taking pictures and we can recognize that something is wrong. A local handyman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a rather remote guy who hides a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it turns out that his dead mother may have something to do with the hauntings occurring at Pykes. In the meantime, the neighbors who sold the Pykes' cabin also become victims, and Mr Booth's alcoholic violence returns to his wife to persecute him. Allen will investigate the history of his cabin, trying to unravel the mystery of the place. <br /> <br /> Lots of ghosts are moving in the background in this grim, supernatural story with virtually every unhappy character. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost that it is extremely difficult to connect with her even though you understand her situation. Acting, as it is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters is easy to grasp. I think it should be so in their circumstances, but the trouble I had was never able to properly cover the Pykes because of their constant state of distance. Cheri goes down like a cold and torn away because I think her mother tended to be when you lost her child in such a way, but the icy nature left me begging to embrace her, which I just could not. I think that the right performers, even if the characters are experiencing emotional turmoil, can grab the hearts of their viewers if humanity reaches out to us. In the case of this video, leaders are not able to do it for any reason. It could be me, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in my figures jerked at the strings of my heart. In any case, when the film repeats, Allen slowly reveals some truths and must defend against his wife, who has become convinced that their daughter is among them and will not lose her little girl again. Jim, an unstable neighbor who believes that stopping the haunting areas that must kill Pykes is becoming a serious threat. Ghosts remain the central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, fixed in its entirety, is in the distance. The finale reveals that Allen must find help for his wife, trying to thwart Jim's mission. It was difficult for me to get to it because of my anxiety with the leaders and their characters.
