Okay, what the hell should it be? Is this a family fantasy film in which you can earn more from the huge success of Spielberg's "Third Type Meetings"? Or a return to the wonderful days of prehistoric epics, such as "When did the dinosaurs rule the earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all do not understand? Yes, it must be it! Whatever it is, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (good old John 'Bud' Cardos from "Kingdom of the Spiders" and writer David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap") had to smell a lot of glue when they wrote down ideas for this mad mix species. The story does not make any sense, and the structure of the narrative is incoherent as hell, but, hey, who cares, as long as dinosaurs with papier-mâché, miniature spaceships, light and laser shows that cause headache and spontaneous burning of supernovae! The introduction of the reader is practically inaudible, but do not worry, because it's all gibberish! Do you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think about? Time is not necessarily chronological, it's one giant paradox! Words spoken thousands of years ago are still revolving around us, and even things that will take place in the future are already surrounding us. I have absolutely no idea what all this means, but it's clearly an easy excuse to collect dancing foreign dicks and well-mannered dinosaurs on the screen. I am deliberately talking about well-behaved dinosaurs, because at one point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door, before threatening the targets. The crazy story revolves around a family of freaks living in their home powered by solar energy in the wilderness. Grandfather is very annoying, granddaughter even more, grandmother is a walking and talking advertising billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son is strangely reminded of Prince Valianta, and the young mother? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum, for some reason, also does not make sense to wander around movie sets as a hot mommy's husband on a business trip. The special effects are purely tawdry and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that another reviewer who spoke about "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but absolutely the most brilliant aspect are the dialogues! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandfather: "You know what it is, right? It's warp space-time! <br /> <br /> Stevie: "I'm not really sure if I know what it means, daddy" <br /> <br /> Grandfather: "I guess nobody really does" <br /> <br /> Make the decision, gramps! Do you know what it is or not? And stop talking about "The Vortex", as if you were some kind of expert in this field! "The Day Time Ended" is an incredibly childish and not worthy fantasy, although I can totally understand that some of his fans appreciate this film because they saw it at an early age and fascinated by extravagant effects, and the ending completely disappeared, as if he ran out of money or the effects of mushrooms that they ate, have disappeared unexpectedly.
