I must say that I was disappointed with this film. I've never been a big fan of BNL, I think their songs are childish and obsessively nostalgic (it's me in class 9, if I had a million dollars, a box for shoes, etc.). However, I have seen clips from their live performance and I really like the improvised and silly nature of the show. I was hoping that this movie would highlight what, unfortunately, is the most interesting part of the program, because their music is well played, but somehow nondescript and not so fascinating (in the middle is a bass solo that was completely pointless and boring), despite how much Jim Creegan kicked). The film does not do it and only shows a few minutes (and you know that they had better moments, like in Afgahnistan's concert "Koffee Anan, he is this man, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really big"). <br /> <br /> BNL is a bit like when I went to Europe a few years ago and heard this godawfull "Blue" song Effeil 99 or whatever 2 minutes, I returned to Canada, and then a month later this song was again on place *, I almost took my hand off. BNL is like this, many years ago I remember many nice memories of sitting around the fires in Canada, listening to people playing "If I had a million dollars". BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of its humor has a specific Canadian character (Kraft Dinner is the basis for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is a quintessential Canadian) a few years have passed when they slipped into oblivion and I was a little grateful. Then they suddenly become huge in the States, and everyone downstairs thinks they're the new band (yes, they're completely new, but they're all 30!) While the rest of Canada goes "Oh geez, I thought these guys folded years ago, do I have to listen to "millions of dollars" again? <br /> <br /> The material from the concert is not bad, but I would like to see more of their scene routine, shooting is not so great, and things like clips from their huge free program in Boston are too glazed. Interviews are surprisingly boring for such a funny group of guys, I think everyone is old, they have families, houses and other things and they calmed down a bit. There are times when they enter the material of the Spinal Tap type, where they deliver deadly satire, and then they burst out laughing and giggling, which ruin it. Interviews with Moses Znaimer (Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (a musical fellow) are extremely pretentious and unintentionally entering Tap territory. <br /> <br /> This film also does not really document, I mean, it's basically one concert, and at the beginning of the movie they are huge and have a huge concert scenery, it's not like we see how they arise from ambiguities and "surprises" that are popular are a methodically planned event, so the end is rather dead, the type of concert live, half documentary and not many of them. <br /> <br />
