Man, I really find it hard to believe that the great Alan Ball had something to do with this mess. Seeing the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this program will not be on my list of viewers. There are so many things that work against him. <br /> <br /> None of the actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin as the main character of Sookie is simply terrible. I remember that she was better at many other things that I saw her, so maybe it's just writing. She is not too funny, but there are times when, in all honesty, it looks ugly. The actor who plays Bill is slightly better, if only because his character is to be wooden and restrained. The other actors are doing everything they can, but with these stereotypical characters with difficult to implement touches, this is a difficult task. Tara is an absolute misery to watch, Rutina Wesley absolutely kills the accent. This is bad nails on the chalkboard. Nelsan Ellis is almost as terrible as it is difficult to understand what he sometimes says. Both his character and Tara seem to me a bit racist. I do not know, having a character saying "somehow" in the HBO program, which is not The Wire, seems a bit strange. So far, cast of Sookie's grandmother, her sex-addicted brother, and the only casting genius that I've seen in William Sanderson as a sheriff have been cast. <br /> <br /> It seems that history revolves around its destination in this place, without worrying about the viewer's interest. Romance is very Dark Shadow-sy. Although this shows the camp factor from such episodes from the Dark Shadows, which took place around ten. Sometimes it seemed to me that it was so dingy that I just had to assume it was meant to be. But unlike a show such as Buffy, who mastered the camp masterfully, this show does not. The extreme gore and graphic sex of the series is out of place with the campaign. I do not oppose any of them when they are well done, as was the case with many other HBO programs, but here at least extend the scenes of raw sex, in which Jason Stackhouse seems a bit exaggerated and pointless. <br /> <br /> The only nice thing I can really say about this mess is that I liked the opening sequence of the title. HBO has recently been unlucky at their concerts, I hope they will give up after the first season and try to get something better on the air.
