This concert had a lot of hype, but I did not know about it until the middle of the season (season 1). Someone even recommended me a performance. I decided, however, that if I intend to watch it, I will wait until the end of the season to be able to watch them in their entirety. Due to the format of the program I'm happy that I waited. I imagine that it would be quite annoying that almost every episode ends in the middle of some hanger on the cliff, and then you'll have to wait another week to find out what's happening in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> In some way, this show managed to have sex too much. Jason will have sex with almost everything that moves. Immediately after he finds out that one woman who has sex with her has been killed, she is in bed with another woman the next day! Then Tara and Sam do it, even though everyone knows that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason Sookie gets mad when he later finds out - even if he's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the show is that it does not do a good job to take care of the characters. I really did not care about Jason. With the endless pursuit behind the story, he was rude to people who really cared for him. After a few episodes, I would not mind to kill him somehow. For this reason, I was mostly uninterested in murders until Grandma Sookie became a victim (since the first two were more involved in Jason). <br /> <br /> When Sookie and Bill were having sex, the story gets a few more threads. Tara's mother wants exorcisms, then the exorcist tries to convince Tara that she should have one to remove her own demon. The whole problem of exorcism did not bother me as much as I know there are people who really believe in it. However, they lose little time to show that it is a farce right after Tara spends about $ 1,300 on exorcisms for her and her mother. At other points, some events happen too quickly. Jason is still a moron trying to sell his grandmother's things to buy the vampire's blood, which apparently is a new crack or something. In his search he finds this girl who will make V with him (vampire's blood). They rise high and within three days they fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a permanent source V. Another example is the situation in which Bill must go to the vampire tribunal. He left for two days before Sookie began to feel abandoned and wonder if he thought that "vampire politics" was more important than her. <br /> <br /> Subtlety is not a strong point of this concert. You do not need a genius to find out what happens to your local dog. Although my assumption was not dead, it was not such a surprise. But the final of the two episodes was really annoying because it just shoved all the changes into your face, as if you could not come up with it yourself. When Tara gets in a car accident, the face of a naked woman with a pig is clearly shown and it is easy to recognize her when she appears in prison for help. As if that was not enough, later they showed the lady with a pig in her home. Then the time has come to finish the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it turned out that Renee is not what he claims to be, and most likely he is a killer. In the last episode, they push Renee as a killer on your face. Sookie remarks that it's strange that Renee's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought it was okay, because it adds that Renee is a scam. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show Renee has Maudette's vampire tape and his fiancé finds a tape in one of Renee's boxes about how to pretend to be Cajun. At the moment it was just ridiculous. I mean WE GET IT !!! So blah blah things happen. Bill almost kills himself without saving Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They start season 2, leaving unfinished problems. The naked pig and Sam have a story, Lafayette is missing and she could have been killed. Jason is in the process of brainwashing to become a religious religious by some anti-vampire church - which makes me care less about him. <br /> <br /> It's almost surprising how many people love this program. I think I expected that this program would be better. I'm interested in what is happening in season 2, but if I watch it, I will probably wait for the end of the season.
