A young black guy whose action takes place in South Africa, tries to take part in the movie "gangsta". But without knowing about street life, he is going to say what life really looks like, or he will not get the role. He manages to reach a gang run by an old school friend and his chances of appearing in the movie fall when he commits crimes to be accepted. But for a gang leader, the growing disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own. <br /> <br /> Although it may sound quite interesting, it is nothing. The first half is incredibly meandering and boring, while the "kidnapping" takes place only at the end with very poor chases at low speed. In these "chases" only two police cars are used, both Nissan Sunny from the 90s. Not only would they be quite cheap to pick up (or rather hard to believe that they will use such mundane old cars in South Africa in 2000), But as far as I remember, there are only 2 involved and none of them will get a scratch once. The car chases are very poor, with distant and poorly set camera angles and minimal traffic on the roads, and all this takes about 2 minutes because you should believe that a very small child is really a highly qualified driver who can easily avoid the police, even though the driver is walking and not quite exciting. That brings me to the characters and actors that are just as bad. The mentioned kid, who drives a car, looks about 13 years old and is reportedly extremely capable of losing the incredibly inept police. Everyone else is equally unconvincing, so much so that sometimes they are even bored. <br /> <br /> On the final scene of the movie, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by a gang leader to steal a car from the parking lot. Having problems with opening, the police come and ask him what he is doing, and he answers, telling him that this is their car. After a short quarrel, they try to arrest him, then hold the police at gunpoint and jump into the car. After his entry, the police give fire and he in turn gets wounded. After another pathetic chase sequence, they decide to abandon the car and set it on fire to destroy any evidence. What follows here is one of the most ridiculous and awful horrible special effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", from every window suddenly appear superimposed flames with terrible sound effects that are not even on time. It is so badly done and so crafty that it is difficult to even express it in words and you really have to believe it. If you watch it in slow motion, it looks even more fun. I saw better results than in the documents regarding the reconstruction of murders. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth a lot at all, and they could not afford to destroy a real explosion? I'd like to know how big the budget of the movie was. I feel so cheap that I am surprised that it went beyond South Africa, and it was even more surprising that it hit a DVD. <br /> <br /> I know this is not a big budget production in Hollywood. I know that this is to show gangs in impoverished towns of South Africa who steal mid-range cars and sell parts on the black market, but with funny effects, badly made car chases, horrible actors and ridiculous characters, whatever sense the reality is completely lost . <br /> <br /> In general, I DO NOT advise you to watch this. If you want to laugh and see one of the least-realized, low-budget forms of amovie that have ever been created, then I recommend it and only this. <br /> <br /> This is a miserable, poorly made, poorly edited, poor and tedious piece of low budget that fails in all respects. I have seen many South African films, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-World stock photos, and despite their cheesyness, they are much better than in all respects.
