I just saw "If ??" I remember the movie commercials from 1968, so I wanted to see him at last. This may be the prospect of an American who has never gone to a British public school and misses some social references, but I thought the movie was terrible. First of all, as others have pointed out, almost all of the film requires an outburst of rebellion that is on-time. Secondly, whether the last scene is real or imagined is not a rebellion but a shooting. There is a huge difference. <br /> <br /> I know this may be a bad form of judging a movie during subsequent events, but you can not avoid it here. One person wrote a message on the bulletin board asking them not to compare the end of the movie with the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there's a difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on one side, and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other, I just can not see it. All four had the illusion that their shooting would cleanse the world that arrogantly takes no responsibility. <br /> <br /> What drives me to this: why the hell are Travis and his buddies even at school, which they despise so much? They are adults or close. They are not in a military prison, like the prisoners in "The Hill," a much better British film more or less at the same time. No one is forcing them to go to College and beat whips except perhaps ambitious parents in need of awakening about the nature of their sons. I had the opportunity to join the brotherhood in college, unless I could not stand the stupid, cruel orders of criminals claiming to be my future "brothers". I took the consequences of not having an "in" with Establishment, who provides frats, and I can not say I regretted that. <br /> <br /> If Travis considers himself the second coming of Lenin (whose unfinished painting hangs in his room) he is free, he can go out and organize a fitters' union or work for Michael Foot in the next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, go on the road and start typing. What possible benefits does the world enjoy with the motorcycle and get drunk in his room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes reviewers must be like people who responded to the scene in "The Last Tango in Paris", where Brando is desperate about having to go out on a date with cow manure for his shoes. In the real world, the person said that the listener would say, "Why did not you scrape her? - Do not let fictitious characters go to you with regret, because you dare not show them common sense. It is here.
