if ... is the cinema equivalent of Sgt. Pepper's: Honored by baby boomers as the summit of creation and perceived as a rather silly business by the preceding and following generations. Now that middle-class children from around the world are seemingly super-human thanks to the Internet, and the perspective of a boarding school is seen as a great opportunity thanks to Harry Potter books / movies, the meaning and ... could not be further from today's fears. In fact, many scenes seem so alien and exaggerated that it suggests inspiration for The Wall Floyd's. <br /> <br /> You should never hold bias against the film while reviewing, and the cemented date of this movie aside, there are a few flaws that others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known for being a fan of Luis Buñuel, and she was too clever for her own sake. And despite the simple narrative in the first and second act, the second part of the song was taken hostage by the surrealism of cod Buñuel and tense attempts of symbolism. Anderson was not capable of this feat because of too intelligent cynicism, not noticing that Buñuel was kind to his job. I have not found a critic who would advocate a "chaplain in a drawer" and I am pretty sure that it still looks aside from those who love this movie. The ending is not as concise as a set class / value system, like a wet impact on a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system was definitely for the middle class (the upper crust was educated at home by private teachers). And the modus operandi of whether ... was to check the boxes of life in a public school, which, according to Lindsay, were undiscovered in the film, and thus the daunting semblance of the middle class. Homosexuality, generational utensils, cold showers and others In fact, such problems have been included in many other great British films if ... they only brought them to the fore. Browning's version was a more modest condemnation of such a pump to name just one. <br /> <br /> if ... is strangely peculiar and simply can not be seen with modern (especially American) eyes. Kudos to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favor of African singing and a few points of the sprites for the hidden homoerotic undertones. Points deducted for grievances, establishing characters that disappear and inciting a revolution that has failed.
