The system of the British Public School did not evolve solely with the thought of educating the upper classes despite popular and widespread misconception. It aimed to create administrators and governors, civil servants and military officials to manage the British colonies. These people were almost completely recruited from middle classes. When the Public Schools began to show their worth, the descendants of the aristocracy were sent to them, and not raised in the home by teachers and governesses, as it was before. "So Eton and Harrow became especially popular in this class of parents. The vast majority of public schools took their students from a lower social scale. Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous student of the Public School, was the son of a village priest, not a possessed count. So in the late 1960s, England, a country in a state of postcolonial guilt and dropping its last commitments to its former family members as soon as Harold Wilson could dump his mac Gannex, If Lindsay Anderson was greeted with a chattering joy of talking classes and gentle amusement of all others. It should be remembered that after the so-called "summer of love" followed the "October Revolution", which was not an event in which several policemen in London with bruised heads and the US embassy with one or two broken windows, achieved absolutely nothing. When Anderson's movie reached the cinemas, dissatisfied former revolutionaries relished what they saw as the glorious victory of Mr. Malcolm McDowell on the amorphous "Them", even though he was ruthlessly shot at the end, a fate that would undoubtedly overtake if they could get to the US embassy. The film did not tell us anything new about public schools, homosexuality, mistreatment over cold showers, patrician sarcastic teachers, stupid traditions. Too familiar list. She was regarded as an allegory comparing the United Kingdom to the corrupt, disintegrating society represented by the school. Well, almost forty years in the same schools are still thriving, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has been forgotten, except for those involved on one side or the other, and Mr. Anderson graduated from "State Trilogy Country" to no avail. If by chance you should read a book about students who were more likely to risk the system than Mr. McDowell and his friends, and survived to tell a story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co." written by a man whose very malicious poem "If" gave the film the name of the master Anderson, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is quietly thrown out of our literary history. And do it before the jawbone classes manage to recognize him as a non-person. Perhaps someone should start a revolution on this subject.
