There is one really good scene at Faat Kine. The title character gets into a quarrel with another woman and after being threatened, Faate Kine spray her with her face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and yet funny. In this one case, the writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to take root of, an interesting film character that is worth watching for two hours. In the scene she presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions. Until the end of the movie, the only thing that seems to be presenting is contradictory sounds. <br /> <br /> The sound is everywhere. It's true that not all movies have to match a particular genre, but I do not think Faate Kine matches any genre. Apparently it's a drama, although there are moments of such a wide comedy (the aforementioned spraying on the face) that it can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the movie is certainly not a comedy with a lot of serious topics. Sembene stuck in the picture. There is a way to successfully combine comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find such balance. Instead, one scene after another drifts to each other without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different sounds hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faate Kine also has a problem with running for two hours with an extremely drawn final. The film ends with a big event where all the conflicts of the heroes are solved, only they are not quickly solved. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, probably lasting twenty minutes. Since the remaining scenes have been spinning up to this point, the finale is particularly difficult to withstand the repetitions beginning at the beginning of the stage, which results in a frustrating viewing experience. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm also hard on Faat Kine. I'm not the right recipient. I did not feel anything about the character and had no connection with any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something significant in history and see strong characters. However, I could not do it and therefore I can not recommend it.
