Shlock dealer Leo Fulci changes the pace by creating a kitschy, barely coherent sword and a fantasy fantasy movie instead of a mere kitschy, barely coherent horror movie. <br /> <br /> Wimpy Orlando Bloom called Ilias, from some society resembling ancient Greece, traveling across the ocean to the caveman's territory, in a vaguely defined quest to fight evil, where he combines with a animal hunter loving to fight a wolf - a male and mutant servant of a vampiric evil topless sorceress. Wackiness follows. The sorceress oppress the local cavemen and wants a magical bow for herself. Sends various minions, each weirdter than the last, after our heroes who finally win, hitting the oppressed cavemen everywhere. Does this movie contain a continuous WTF stream? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the entire movie is shot in defocus mode, and the picture is further smudged by the constant presence of fog on the screen. It could have been an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide what false everything looks like. One way or another, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is a bold and gentle disorientation and there is nothing to hide, how bad everything looks. The wolf's minions look like a wookie poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with shots jumping in the air in slow motion, in the style of Six Million Dollar Man, towards our heroes when attacking. There are probably a dozen or so shots in the whole movie and it gets worse each time. Other minions of topless sorceresses, other than ordinary people dressed in leather, are lumpy white mutants that appear to be covered with cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and non-threatening, and when they speak, they sound like homosexual Spaniards, the Daleks seplen. The fights are stiff and unconvincing, and the special effects are pathetic. Oh yes, music is a cheap synthesizer that the makers of Doctor Who would be embarrassed to use. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal character, is bland and forgotten. He also looks like a complete freak, especially since his belly reveals a leather outfit and big hair, and he is definitely a moron. Sure, he is a dynamite shot with his magical bow, but he only takes three or four shots with him in his mission to fight the whole continent of evil. Needless to say, he ran out of shots in a few minutes and must be saved by a more traditional sword and spell hero, Mace. When he meets Ilias, he sets himself up as a taciturn type of loner, claiming that he has no friends, but as soon as you say the hidden homoerotic subtext, they are divine friends, wandering together misty hills. Mace promises to take Ilias with you in exchange for favors associated with the bow. Ilias asks where he is going. "Wherever my legs take me," answers his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also an animal lover and an outrageous hypocrite. He announces his great love and affinity to animals, citing ordinary things about how he prefers them to people, because people can be so vexatious. He says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed, but steal meat from other people who hunted animals. Nor is it above the random killing of innocent passers-by for no reason at all. Soon after they meet, he tests the arc of Ilias, and the film cuts the accidental caveman, caring for his own interest, walking, and Mace shoots him dead. There is no indication that this poor soul has done anything to deserve it, and even Ilias, who supposedly comes from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise his eyebrows. <br /> <br /> The rage of movies is quite unusual. Throughout the film is completely naked, except for thongs and a golden mask that covers the entire head. It's as if Fulci has turned it on to make movies as a compulsory quotient of T & A, but it decided that at the last minute it was a bit too butter. It seems that he spends a lot of time enjoying the pleasures of his home snakes and dreams of being shot by a nameless archer who is dressed like Ilias. Wow, such symbolism! Later in the film, he senses that he can not defeat Ilias and Mace and promises to become a sex slave to an ancient warrior if he kills them for her. Almost not the most terrible villain in the world and really is not a step forward for women's rights. I think it's a spider web of our heroes and takes on Mace in a situation where there is no one else but Mace to cheat. Was he really worthy of trading his self-respect, Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are many other WTFs? moments. Most of them come at the end of the movie. Ilias flexes, I forgot why, perhaps his hairstyle for eternity got tired, but he realizes the error of his ways and returns to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, his bow may suddenly fire multiple targets seeking energy. The bolts can also shoot through hard rock when necessary. Needless to say, his work with hordes of bad guys who caught Mace is short. <br /> <br /> The climax is also quite nonsensical. Mace decimates the remaining Ocron forces using the ability of a targeted laser arc attack. Then he can shoot Ocron from a distance of one kilometer, using the ability to shoot through the rock. He begins to die. Her mask is torn open revealing the hideous head of Muppet. He staggers and screams, turns into a dog and walks away with another dog. Mace smiles. Rollers. <br /> <br /> Strangely, when it comes to these suspicious low-budget movies about swords and sorcery, this one is quite clear and focused. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can say how senseless and winding these movies can be.
