Despite the release on DVD by the Blue Underground some five years ago, I have never come across this Italian "sword and sorcery" on Italian television late at night and now that I've seen it, I know why. Not because of his predilection for the extreme gore typical of his director (what are some examples to be sure) or the fact that a handful of women in him parades topless all the time (in the end it is in the dark ages) ?? it's just a very bad thing. In fact, I would even say that it could be the worst kind I have ever seen, and believe me, I have seen a lot (especially in the last few years, ie After my trip to the 2004 Venice Film Festival)! Reading about it, it is assumed that the failure of the film at the time of the first release led to the fact that his later (and regrettable) career of the director turned into a mindless low-budget gore, I see their point of view: I prefer the earlier period of "giallo" Fulci ( 1968-77) to his more popular horror movie (1979-82), but even his last engagement was undoubtedly indisputable. On the other hand, CONQUEST does not seem to inspire Fulci the least? seeing how he decided to drape the process of irritatingly eternal fog, sprinkle it with unsuitable figures (cannibals versus werewolves, anyone?), unimportant gore (we are treated for an unjustified, nasty cannibal dinner just before the witness of revelers their brain is literally beaten by their hairy antagonists! ), and even a very unappetizing intimacy between masked, overwhelming mental wetness (do not ask) and her slimy reptile animal !! For what it's worth, we have two heroes for the price of one: a young, magical boy carrying a bow on a certain odyssey confirming masculinity (Andrea Occhipinti) and his roaming companion (Jorge Rivero, ie Frenchy from Howard Hawks) RIO LOBO [1970]!), Which even though it's called Mace (short for Maciste, maybe?), It seems to just drop into your cave from time to time and pull out the younger protege from the hassles (especially during the exceptionally unpleasant attack of "ulcers"). Unfortunately, even the usual saving of such a low level of material is short here, because the electronic evaluation of ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti seems sometimes inadequate. Fulci even tries to give the film a ridiculously quick cod with a surviving hero going aimlessly into the desert (after defeating one and all with an important magic arc so much for his own alleged physical strength!) For his next ?? and thankfully unfiltered? adventure!
