Do you know all these letters to "Christmas Father" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turns out that they are not actually delivered, but they are falling in a forgotten corner of the post to rot, unless some bright spark will come up with a way to send them. As a strange setting, it's a winner and one that fits perfectly with a strange movie that is "Dead Letter Office". Having said that, it's obviously Australian, not British. If it was Royal Mail, most of the letters will receive this kind of treatment anyway. I have not lived in this apartment for two years and we are still receiving letters to Mr. Wang, some priestess from the Church of the Late Day I have never heard, and various catalogs of industrial equipment. to the installation company. <br /> <br /> The "Dead Letter Office" (the name given to the place where the undeliverable post ends) stems from the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) who grows up in a seriously divided house. Writing to her absent father, she learns only in her adulthood that her letters have not been delivered for one reason or another. Logically, he gets a job at D.L.O. and discovers that he is working alongside other social rejections, including the furious Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). He slowly draws him to him, but can he find out where her dad is, without bringing the independent world of the Office of the Dead Letters to his knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I remembered the terrible movie Heather Graham "Engaged" while watching this. However, it is much better than this pile of nonsense, but on the other hand it is not difficult. At the beginning, the movie is more logical. It is true that metaphors are somewhat glaring, and ailing symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But at least it's coherent and bizarre, not being completely nonsense. It is also well preserved. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as lovers looking for something they know they will never find, while other characters are peripheral at best. Part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap too fast, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed. The second part is that if you take into account the draconian Australian immigration policy (i.e. If you do not speak English, do not do it!), Such a story is unlikely to take place in reality. Unfortunately, other characters also help to destabilize realism, proving to be something more than strange stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Despite this, the "Dead Letter Office" is certainly something a little different. It may not suit everyone, but I liked it. Yes, it was hackneyed and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without a gun or violence or heavy curses and nudity (there is no chance in an Australian movie). There are no major laughs, there is no Bullet Time, and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But what matters is history, which is not shocking earth in its splendor, but it is a nice way to kill time. This is the movie equivalent of Sheryl Crow - nice to listen from time to time, but you would not miss it if it was not.
