"Nobody knows anyone" is the thriller of a conspiracy theory about a satanic / nut bomber aimed at religious ceremonies in Seville during Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the film's hero. The plot was created by a bomber as a computer game, and he and the hero as players, and Seville as a virtual environment. Real alleys and streets of the city are beginning to take on the characteristics of the maze of these old Pacman games. Looking in this way, the scene in which the protagonist and his female midfielder are chased by penitents with rayguns who are penitent with a black cloak may not seem as stupid as they play. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning we realize that the narrative is created as a game - the hero's task is to create crosswords for a popular newspaper; at some point the grid of crosswords on his screen becomes a chessboard, on which he later plays against his girlfriend's father. The tips are freely scattered, because the camera mysteriously closes on images that only later turned out to be significant (eg, Advertising on the bar). The detective / paper chase elements are part of an ongoing game, not an investigation after the fact. The film borrows heavily from the model narrative "Se7en", and anyone with Catholic education will probably gain the meaning of certain events taking place on certain days in the run-up to EASTER. <br /> <br /> In this reading the game is on the narrative level, the hero fights against the enemy (in this case with the computer) to win and save the day. But there is the second game, the movie itself, which refutes the first. There is another set of tips that do not indicate the intentions of the killer, but the filmmaker and his protagonist. In the first ten minutes there are mentions of chess, a writer named Navokov and a cult leader Sarin. If we remember that the cheek pseudonym Nabokova from the thirties sounded Sirin, we see another game in which we do not suspect the villain, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In the Nabokov novel, such as "Pale Fire", the author-author creates a text that aims to hide his own motives, provoking the game between the writer and the reader to discover the real text. Throughout the film there are visually distorted scenes (eg Shrinking of the image) or ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the hero's point of view. All initial game references are related to it. In the early sequences a lot of the sexual and creative impotence of the characters, so the movie may be his attempt to master his life, be a winner, in a way that he can not be real. He barely won the match, his writing block disappears; the words he writes are the title of the film, which suggests that he is a general author. What's more, this title in Spanish reflects negatively on the Nabokovian invocation itself, which suggests a hero, such as Kinbote, imprisoned in his own solecism. <br /> <br /> This mix of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al are also established), Fincher, "X-Files", "Run Lola Run", Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as a map and and as a cultural history haunting the present), Bunuellian anti-clericism, and Alex de la Iglesia, "shock" films result in a film that is just a collection, every clever clever allusive element canceling the last, distracting interest. Lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible and finally worn. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in the work of such an exaggeratedly precise, the main interest of the film is the quality of the document, as a record of the narrative taking place in a real city with its own events taking place independently. Such an ambiguous blur of facts and fictions can create a masterpiece such as "Sans Soleil" or "London", but ultimately you need to have a light touch to suit your cunning.
