Vampires Vs. Zombies start with the news that an unidentified disease spreading in America leaves suffering with murderous and cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio as they drive along isolated forest roads to try get away from the disease when Travis goes through a guy who I assume is going to be a zombie. A little farther down, he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) waving at the side of the road. At this point, there is also a third teenager named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) in the back of Julia's car bound and gagged. For me, this situation would seem strange, but Travis, like his soldier, takes over everything and agrees to "take off" Carmilla from Julia's hands and I actually do not know. So with a complete stranger Travis leaves with Julia and Tessa. Carmilla seems to be a nice girl, but she turns out to be a vampire and she likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, oh, and she's also a bit lesbian. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna are still traveling, while some guy who calls himself a general (Peter Ruginis) who seems to be some vampire killer and probably has something to do with it, but the movie is such a mess that it's not really a matter and really I do not know how to continue this plot, because my head hurts just thinking about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-edited, co-produced, produced, written and directed by the extremely talented Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombie is one of the worst horrors in history and therefore one of the worst films ever. D'Amato's script was apparently based on a classic story called "Carmilla" by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) and is an absolute mess, the holes in the story and logic are so big that you can cross a tank! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia for? Who the hell is the General? What does he want? Where are Travis and Jenna going? How can Travis lead a man and still not have the slightest human emotions? What about the mental branch at the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequences to further annoy the viewer. In this movie there are so many things wrong, the narrative does not make sense, the concept is terrible and it is never properly explained, and in addition it is incredibly boring. I have nothing positive to say about Vampire Vs. Zombie, not one. Forget about any vampires fighting Zombie, because it just does not happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampires Vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato made one of the most incompetent, nonsense, badly made, ill-conceived and terribly painful experiences in history. Vampires Vs. Zombies do not really have any redemption traits, there is not a single aspect that I can boast of. Gore looks really false, there are a few blood icons that look like red water, really cheap effects and a half-decent climax in which the zombies play in the intestines of Carmilla and Jenny, this pretty bloody scene is probably the best part of the whole unfortunate movie, but lasts only for a few minutes and in no way makes up for the second turgid 85. <br /> <br /> Budget for Vampires Vs. Zombies must have been small, in fact they even had a budget, because most of them are set on the road in several cars. This is one of the worst horror movies, which watching was my misfortune, the whole thing sucks. Acting is predictably horrible and I mean horrible. <br /> <br /> There is not much to say, Vampires Vs. Zombie is certainly one of the worst movies ever made. (V) next to the title on the main page of IMDb for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies points out that he went straight to the video, well, it's far too good for this pile of nonsense because he deserves to go straight into the next fire.
