First of all, I have to emphasize how rarely I comment on the film I saw, it takes a very special case to devote some time to writing about what I felt about the film. Of the hundreds of movies I've watched, I've seen the most brilliant, Shawshank, the most terrible, The Woman in Black, the funniest one, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs. Zombies. br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not funny! For those who are looking for a light film that will be just fun or at least as bad as it will be fun, look somewhere else. It's true that a movie like this does not try to be subtle and brilliant, with a title like this, you should know what you're getting into. Having said that, there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any rule that rules the world of making movies. This is not a dispute between the traditional film making process and the newer and more "artificial" methods of film making, it is a dispute between bad directors and companies responsible for creating horrible films. <br /> <br /> This film suffers from the use of the saying "I do not know where to start". Really everything in this movie is broken. From acting to assembly, there is no reason why any movie would provide a coherent series of events such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following problems are; 1. Unsuccessful scenes - it is clear that the director, film crew and actors were not on the same page. In one scene, the scene begins with the camera on the ground and looking at the car's passenger side door. You expect the person to get out, but it is, and it is NOT exaggeration, at least 10 seconds of delay between the camera and the director says "action" where everything happens on the screen. The viewer remains staring at the car door all the time, without sound, without movement, only with the stereotypical "dead air" that radio or television commentators are afraid of. Where was the assembly? 2. Acting - a forgivable offense in most cases, you can not expect that such a movie eventually has the Oscar winners, but Vampires Vs. Zombies work badly on a completely different level. These "actors" were barely able to read their scripts, because anyone who has the ability to read and speak would be able to pronounce poems better than those fools. My only comparison to acting had to be the initial scene of Resident Evil on Playstation. But this game was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- Story - Wait, what? Story? Again, you can not expect it to be The Greatest Story Ever Told, but is it too much to ask us to have some semblance of narrative? Why are vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good guys? Why all lesbians? But most importantly, what's the zombie thing about? If you've seen this movie, you'll understand what I mean, but for those who are not ordinary, there's no zombie in this movie except five minutes. It was almost as if the director had forgotten the name of the film and was forced to throw the zombies at the end without explanation. <br /> <br /> There are many more, but I hope I have done enough for no one to see this movie.
