Although it is not really such a scary movie (especially considering that it was created directly for TV distribution), it will be very difficult to point to one aspect in "Bloodsuckers", which is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in space are not a completely new formula, and even after so many films dealing with these monsters in this particular environment, no one realizes that this is an incredibly stupid premise that can not lead to half-decent horror. "Bloodsuckers" goes even a step further and shamelessly imitates every conceivable film that revolves around vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and characters are mainly stolen directly from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "Strangers" because a team of futuristic vampire hunters are fighting in space and regularly holding to eliminate mutated species that were especially named after notorious horror icons like Voorhees and Leatherfaces. Good guys are a group of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with clichés and endlessly argue about terribly unimportant matters. Captain Damian is an unpopular rookie who will really have to prove his leadership skills after being more or less responsible for the death of Captain Churchill's previous (and much more beloved) death. Other annoying characters are a typical cowboy style and evoke a happy macho pilot, a tough warrior with more balls than any of the men on board (is of Asian origin, just like a girl from "Aliens" was Latinos) and the most valuable army: secret-weapon: Blade girl ! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who chose the side of people. He can see enemies when there are still light-years away, and he can do badly sexy things with some wet dreams. After all, they all learn to work as a team when they are forced to face the ultimate vampire meanie: Michael Ironside (in the next lower-level role). "Bloodsuckers" is an incredibly stupid movie, but he manages to entertain himself as long as it contains blood murders, children's dialogues and the effects of OTT makeup. It becomes boring when frustrated soldiers blame the captain once again and blah blah. This film is a continuous series of lame stereotypes and non-creative ideas, but at least it is possible to watch.
