Man was in the farthest corners of the earth and now he travels to new worlds. But with the new worlds will come the ancient evil ... vampires of the cosmos. And not only a handful, but whole tribes. In this movie (which I saw as "Bloodsuckers", but I also think it is "Vampiric Wars"), we see what happens when imperialist landowners meet imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this review very short because it does not deserve a good review. The best thing I can say about this movie is that it has a good cast of b list and upcoming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana and was much more attractive here than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco and is always a fan favorite (as I say, he is Jack Nicholson, a poor man). We even get Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife", who fans of horror movies now recognize as the title Jenifer of "Jenifer" Dario Argento. So this movie, as bad as it is, is not devoid of some names ... but the same can be said about the work of Uwe Bolla. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing vampires in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the realm of "cheese" and this movie falls heavily. Acting, especially from vampires, is on top and I have not found explanations for their very convincing existence. The worst part is that the vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that it was meant to be a wise reference for horror fans, but it was not wise at all. It just sounded stupid and out of place (as opposed to much more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither", such as naming stores from lesser known horror movie directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can withstand a lot of cheese (that day I could not and I'm from Wisconsin) and I want to see the average actors with poor costumes fighting vampires in space (although "space" looks like any other forest on earth) check if you can find it. I do not recommend it in person, when you can watch other bad vampire movies ("Vampires" by Jon Carpenter) or other bad cosmic movies. Maybe even a few good ones. But, hey, do your part.
