I saw it a few days ago, not expecting too much and no wonder it did not provide anything too exciting. The plot of the crew of vampire hunters (V-San, for vampire sanitary devices), walking through the cosmos periodically killing cosmic vampires and saving people, is quite right and if the film was better served, it can be something quite as. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the sense of real quality begins to flow away from the film, leaving something behind, though idle observable, is quite ridiculously bad. I do not expect anything too special from the films that appear on the Sci Fi Channel and at least it was not one of their creature qualities with the cruel cgi beast they were wandering around, but it was still pretty bad, mainly because of writing and acting, but with an extraordinary contribution to the general evil created by horrible music. When the film decided on a typical scientific fiction, sounding strange, approaching the soundtrack, everything was fine, but all too often hilarious, soft rock intrigue stumbled onto the stage in stupidity. I would tolerate more shoddy acting and writing more, if not for the choice of music, which was a serious mistake, changing things from cheesy to bizarre. Of the actors Dominic Zamprogna was okay, but he was bland as a nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was quite annoying because a hard girl from the vampire band and Aaron Pearl played another member who was not well written or interesting enough to impress. Although she did not seem so good at acting, Natassia Malte did well with the less annoying figure than the others, and the fact that it is nice to watch. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside, who is under-utilized, although he does it well, quite amusingly, in the way that he is supposed to be intentional. He seems to be enjoying himself and earning money, and his role is fun. The effects are fine, they are at least the standards of the average science fiction TV series, and there are also a few scenes of blood splattering and a bit of fun. Things are moving nicely and I almost feel that I am misjudging this movie, but then I remember how he laughed at regular intervals and realizing that if the movie is not an intended comedy, which I think is not, it's just not he is making a success. Too many are lame, stupid, unconvincing, I think it's OK, but I did not like it. Give it a rest if you really kick Sci Fi trash or unintentional giggles.
