Bloodsuckers have the potential to be quite a decent movie, the concept of military types tracking and fighting vampires in space is one of the potentials in the shoddy world of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of different vampire races, all with different attributes, many of which have never been found out, is also cool. As to how most of the life outside the earth is a vampire, I'm not sure how the creators intended to achieve it, given the nature of the vampires. Who the hell to feed, if almost everyone is a vampire I do not know. The film is combined with a low-budget mix of Firefly / Serenity movies and vampires with a bit of Aliens. <br /> <br /> Parts of the movie are quite average and derivatives (especially Serenity), but they are passable - they are quite well made and there is enough blood on the vampire flutter, including some of the comic, blood-spewing varieties. There are many characters, most of which are boring, coming from conflicts between characters that seem to be mainly grimy, immature arseholes - mainly cowboy and Asian. There are several scenes of characters that actually work, and the actors do not play too badly, but mainly slow down. Nice attempt to model the characters, but people do not watch the movie Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. Acting is fine. Michael Ironside is preparing this and is as funny as ever, and at least some women are hot. SFX space is not as bad as for a low budget job. History is again quite average and derivative, but as I said, the created world has some potential. The way things are configured Bloodsuckers really seems to be a pilot to the TV series - introduced the dynamics of the characters, the world introduced, but not explored, etc. <br /> <br /> The film has some great moments and moments of scratching the head - things that make these suspicious productions possible to watch. - A scene in which our heroes interrogate a monster with a chestburster type. Cheerful. - "Sex scene". WTF indeed. - Credit "I Michael Ironside as Muco". The most annoying aspect of all this is really awful and usually inappropriate pop music, which they played very loudly for over half the scenes of the movie. Listening is painful and only at best reduces what is only average at best. <br /> <br /> Essentially a good watch is cheesy for you, even if it's just for the "chestburster" scene.
