Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as a blind Lilly, the script of the film is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. The famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), who became blind after a car accident, runs away from himself and his destiny. Lilly, being blind from birth, is a teacher for the blind and wants him to see her again. (Blind people see with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here the film becomes a road movie; and the longer the route, the closer their relationship is, which was predictable from the beginning of the film. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia by the sea and creates artistic installations - of course, what she should do! - and she is still alive, because she is waiting for her son to die. My God! These are lots! <br /> <br /> Finally the son came! Mom is celebrating a big party! On the beach. The wind blows and the pianist plays on a real piano in the middle of the dune. Yes, they celebrate her farewell. The son arrives just in time. The mother can finally swallow the pills served by a pretty nurse. Now a great artist can die in the arms of his great artist son, saying sad contemplation of a perfect German life, while the son responds with a harsh accent. Because the son can not see, he does not fall in love with the nurse - the screenplay would become too complicated! - but he is looking for Lilly on his way back home. <br /> <br /> Parallel to this roadmovie, Sister Lilly, staying at home, asks a careless school friend to distract her, who is to drink first courage. The opportunity is favorable. Because my mother (Tina Engel) travels with her lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). They're after Lilly to bring her back. Paul and Lilly's mother do not fall in love because the film script would become too complicated. The screenplay was missed so that something special could be done with Paul. I would suggest an architect or pianist, or of course a famous pianist! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her, go back to Paul, because she has two eyes to be able to look after her. But Lilly fell in love with her pupil, the theater director; Did I mention that he was even a well-known theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German film art! As you can see in this pretentious production, the German film grant fund does not always produce good films, because it subsidizes only such pseudo intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the script of the film was paved with several highbrows in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to bring their idea. Probably also Til Schweiger contributed to the development of intellectual brilliance, being a co-producer. This screenplay of the film reminded me of another German movie about absolute pain: "Barfuss" - the title spelling is not correct! The "Barfuss" DVD cover proudly writes: "A Til Schweiger Film". This film was also co-financed by Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Do not spoil this movie! There are really good films in Germany. Watch out for directors such as Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
