Invisible man is a fantastic film from 1933, the most modern film in which objects seemed to rest on a man who was really invisible. Go ahead, look at the movie, you'll be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first real movie with special effects. Come in 2000, computer-assisted special effects seem childishly simple, the audience is not happy about the special effects, instead they are disappointed if they are not done well. The special effects in Hollow Man, HG Wells' history update, are fine, but this is not the biggest problem with this film directed by Paul Verhoeven, which you can remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a scientist playing in the world of invisibility (yes, I know that this is not a word), but of course he is fighting with the higher ranks who threaten to take funds from the team. So, because movie heroes who are going to receive funding are willing to do, he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibility process (yes, I know, I used that word again). The process has tragic consequences, no Cain dies, but becomes a horny, brutal creature, aka a guy. Now that he is invisible, Caine persecutes the sexy neighbor, co-worker, ex-girlfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) and the man who took his funds away. Then, a funny thing happens, Caine becomes a new supernatural creature, "A thing that will not die." Laughing in the face of everything natural, Caine is face to face with death and spits in his face, because what seems like hours will die, dragging the end of the movie behind. The film is stupid, stupid, and finally funny, because realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. There are cool possibilities in Hollow Man, but of course none of them is explored. To get a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for a good old, black and white cinema and check out the invisible man from 1933. Kevin Bacon will still be invisible, when you come back, he's probably still alive at the bottom of the volcano.
