The ghost town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives a lonely desert road, her car suddenly breaks down and hears the approaching hooves of horses ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of the Riverton district is called to investigate the disappearance of Kate after her father he reports her disappearance. He finds her broken car and goes looking for her, unfortunately his car breaks down and must go. Langley ends up in a deserted ghost town, to his shock Langley soon discovers that it is literally a ghost town, because it is inhabited by ghosts of its former inhabitants and is managed by evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who kidnapped Kate for reasons that has never been explained and Langley must save her and end the curse in the cities ... <br/> <br/> The only and only directorial effort of Richard Governor in this strange film did not do much for me and I did not like it so much very. The screenplay by Duke Sandefur tries to combine horrors and western genres that have no effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no more western hybrid horror films there? Well, neither do I, but if I asked myself this question, I will find all the answers in Ghost Town, because it is not very good. These two species simply do not mix this well. There are many stereotypes, on the west side there are innocent city dwellers who are afraid to face a band of bandits who terrorize them, shoot at the main street, bars with salons with swinging doors and prostitutes upstairs and scary that there are a lot of cobwebs, ghosts, an ancient curse, talking corpses and some brutal killings. I was just very disappointed, I suppose that there is nothing terrible about it except that it is just boring, and these two species do not sit together so well. There are a few holes in the story, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know that she reminded his previous girlfriend, but how did he know and what to do with her? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts, I mean what keeps them there and what caused them to come back as ghosts? Then there's something at the end, where Devlin says after shooting that he can not be killed just to let Langley kill him a few seconds later, I mean, why the bullets did not work in the first place? <br /> <br /> Director Governor is fine, there is a nice horror atmosphere with well-lit sets of spider webs, and the standard Hollywood city of west is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings on both sides. I would not say that it's scary, because it is not, there is not too much tension and the film stretches in places, even though it has just over 80 odd minutes. Forget about any blood, there are some bloody gunshot wounds, two people shot with slit throats and someone is pierced with a metal post and that's all. <br /> <br /> I imagined that the budget here was quite small, it is quite well made and competent, if there is nothing more. Credit, where credit due to costumes and sets of the period is really good. Acting is okay, but no one will win any prizes. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not sure whom to please and I certainly did not like it. Anyone looking for a western will be irritated by the stupid elements of horror, and anyone who is looking for a horror movie will be bored with Western elements. It's something a bit different, but that does not mean it's good, worth seeing if you're desperate, but do not be daring to see it.
