I recently had experience with The Perfect Witness (2007), because the NetFlix computer recommendation engine suggested that I watch this movie. At one point, I said how much I liked Michael Haneke's movie, Benny's. I do not know about you, but this parallel pull caused a vortex of excitement and excitement over Thomas C. Dunn's film and made it virtually impossible to devote my time to it. This type of recommendation from the NetFlix computer intelligence had such a high level of aesthetic and moral film strip for me that after reflection he represented something almost unfinished in every film produced in 2007. <br /> <br /> After the initial response to the film in this way, I intend to bring this picture to poorly made and banal; and I really do not like doing it, because I think that our boyfriend, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most interesting young faces of modern cinema, but also one of the most underrated and underestimated talents in the US. I am more than moderate to be concerned that a poor guy will miss a ship of fame if he continues to play with such directors for the first time. <br/> <br /> The perfect Witness is Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with her mother ("Do not drink again, no?"), but he is a "filmmaker" or at least some kind of voyeur on the street with retirement for shooting would-be Johns in the dingy alleys of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. There, by doing his private, investigative exercise, Micky "unintentionally" records video brutal murder at the unfortunate twenty-year-old with his hand-held camera. Apart from the view that snuff and films as a cultural currency can be equated with his ticket from the white urban ghetto (and not with the debts of his unaware friends and relatives who put money on his awful films), Micky strikes, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also takes part in the writing) or "Mac the Knife", anything- and blackmail the killer in making a documentary about his murder impulses, holding this found material on the attacker with police threats. <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas. While both writing and directing are amateur, it does not make the film bad. The fact that these guys are making a rather poor assumption is that what they depict is shocking in the context of a culture in which almost every person in the free world with access to a private computer can log into the network and catch the truth of beheading on a small Mac or PC . No film is based on the shock value (unless, ironically, it is a film about torture on animals) and that's why film images of violence (real or false) have less and less cultural capital with each passing year. We also have an amazing acting talent in the main stylization, a real guy from the hips: his two-inch beard and a skull cap with a small banknote on his back, just like a high school dork, who wanted potential services of my primary interest in love? the same guy who just calls himself a "poet". <br /> <br /> Save me. "I'm an artist", "I'm a filmmaker". Fine. Please, do it, Cronnie. It seems that he bought you a lot of expensive 35-millimeter material. Go ahead, you can wear all the "creative" additions, but do not expect us to react best to follow your lower average character in a two-hour movie while you take off Wes Bentley's career. Why do not we just let history talk about the benefits of what you do, the filmmaker guy. My guess is that the story will eventually say something about it, probably not good, as you think. And yes, the chances that you will blame your beloved girlfriend, you will end up like our Micky here in The Perfect Witness; tied to a slap and covered with the blood of your buddy video camera in the palm of your hand. Great.
