Another day got stuck in the room, another movie to watch. After yesterday's end of Christmas shopping on a cold and foggy afternoon, I had nowhere to go to escape the 'Land I Forgot'. Or rather, I had nothing else to watch. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, this bastion of leading actors, runs a handful of Allied sailors sunk by the U-boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. U-Boat (in a scene that defies logic and reason) ultimately finds itself on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together, they discover the earth and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before becoming a permanent inhabitant of the land that Time has forgotten? <br /> <br /> Despite several years before "Star Wars", these films are light years apart in terms of special effects. Model shots are not much better than anything you would expect in Gerry Anderson's "Stingray" episode, and the creatures are not much better either. When T-Rex (I assume it was) was killed, he collapsed in the same way that zombies do when you kill them - frozen in the middle of a walk and collapsed, arms and legs outstretched like a sleeping cow that has been moved. Of course, the sets are not too bad, but the poor performance and endless sounds of the explosion (which all sound the same) do everything in their power to ruin the credibility and joy of the picture as a whole. Characters are neither credible nor worthy of your liking, because they shoot weapons at something that moves. After all, I did not care if they would leave the island or not, and when the end came, I felt greater relief than entertainment. <br /> <br /> Costumes are authentic enough for cavemen to appear in a bikini with bearskin and a loincloth. And although it was quite obvious from their actions, you would not know that some of the characters were Germans with their accents. The whole thing just lacked some polishing and consistency, leaving the viewer confused in places and dissatisfied with others. In general, this movie barely records the wave of excitement these days, though you can find a little entertainment in trying to determine where Colin Farrell is. I noticed his name in the credits, and half expected the child to come with an Irish accent and suspicious facial hair. Well. There is nothing particularly good to see here, but it's almost okay if you eat lunch and the weather prevents you from continuing.
