I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited because I am a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror and Spoofs. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew that there was a low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It starts with a good song and a great, very unappreciated band The Horrorpops, reforming their song, Where They Wander, and quickly gets killed in various gruesome ways. It's a great opening. But the problem is that it was really the whole movie until the end. Live concert, death. Another live performance, death. It is getting old. And there is a flagrant (literally) abuse of intestines in death scenes. Why is the killer not using other parts of the body, such as legs, eyeballs or brains? Do not get me wrong, this movie has amazing parts. Like a hardcore French band, known simply as BERET, the perspective of the Atticus band, a scene in which the members of The Used and Simple Plan play together, because none of the bands had enough members to play their concert, and Bowling For Soup's guitarist with overweight and he is proudly killed in a really funny way, which I will save for the future observers of this film. But the biggest problem I have with this movie is initially comical, but after some time, a terrible lack of acting talent in many "actors". Particularly the creator of the Warped Tour, Kevin Lyman. He tries very hard, but I suspect that he did not want to make a film, but was obliged by contract or something. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The plot's resolution is very vague and very random. something about the magical sword and Lloyd Kaufman as a devil. In summary, this movie has many good features, but not enough to be close to a decent horror, music or comedy. Although I have to admit that I've changed me into a few bands that I would never listen to, otherwise. Such as Tsunami Bomb and Phenomonauts (crazy psychobilly band). I recommend renting this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, watch the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then watch. If not, just go to the special functions and watch all the music videos and live performances. They rock! Long live Punk Rock and Horror!
