This movie can be marked as a studio case. It is not only the fact that it means an unhealthy and irresponsible desire for anything that could be called a caste image. The author lives with the impression that his saintly revolt against some generic and childishly named social ills ("Moldova is the most poor region in Europe", "I do not believe in bird flu in any iota", "Romanians steal because they are poor, Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are more or less responsible for a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but it is very inaccurate! <br /> <br /> Daneliuc does not know that it is not enough to pose as a righteous person - you also need a bit of professionalism, talent and intelligence to transfer this attitude to an artistic product. Fortunately, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much penetration as the family video, and Uncle Gog is drinking in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, randomly conflicts with various half-actors, in an illiterate attempt to suggest a story. The direction is pitifully diligent - the so-called "director" is not able to build at least an average scene, his shots are irritatingly awkward, and all sense of storytelling shines through complete absence. (Of course, every comment is forced to stop at this level, it would be absurd to mention concepts as "cinematographic language", "means of expression" or "style"). Acting is on the level of "Cântarea României" ("Chant Romania"), except ... paradoxically, the football goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a real freshness, but she is compromised by amateur directions given by Daneliuca. <br /> <br /> The most serious side of this offense against a decent cinema is the fact that production has received considerable funding from the national budget, using the CNC (National Cinematography Council). The fact that old dead dinosaurs such as Daneliuc are still thirsty for government udders is understandable (in a market-based economy, they would be immediately eliminated by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "Jury" that will squander the country's money for such an absurdly unpalatable non-art, non-cinema and non-culture, belongs to the field of crime.
