Instead of moving linearly from beginning to end, this story of a homosexual AIDS-affected couple "revolves around their" perfect day. " The film is organized as life remembered in asynchronous fragments, not in a sequential flow as directly experienced. <br /> <br /> The narrative has its lyrical moments, especially in describing the impact of an expected or experienced loss. There is no such grace in dialogue. The scenario often forces actors to speak surprisingly stupid or insensitive things, which at the moment seem completely devoid of character. During their second accidental encounter, clearly affected by one another, sensitive Phillip encourages reluctant Guy to tell him about his difficult week. But the moment Guy begins to open, Phillip, an English major, says, "You're not the fairy of the crisis, are you?" Later, watching the naked, carved body of his beloved in the bedroom, our young Shakespeare in love begins to reflect the beauty of the moment with the words: "The way you cut the space ... I can not even describe it" - but he lacks verbal skills to finish his thought. This kind of drift takes you through the AIDS Hospice scene, decorated with lines like, "What made me think death will be clean and bound with ribbons?" And "You make Florence Nightingale look like a Ratchet nurse." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from bruises of lack of subtlety. Unimaginable figures are much more shocking and flattened by steam engines than they should. Phillip's thoroughly annoying friends - an arrogant brat from the trust fund and whimpering, in need of dweeb - keep a pitiful diatribe on anyone who crosses their path. Such a pattern could offer the writer many opportunities for clever social commentary, but unfortunately their comments are only unpleasant, uninhibited by wit or insight. It's hard to say whether our writer deliberately created intellectually limited characters or simply guided the circuit of his rope. <br /> <br /> The plot may be what speaks the most and resonates with those who praise this film. He seriously researches the American middle class homosexual life in the eighties: first encounters, advances, coupling, nesting, complexity of open relationships, friction and cracking, disintegration, physical abuse, closeness, forgiveness, mortal illness, death and survival. Leaders Phelan and Spirtas give fair and good performances, giving over time complex characters. Their good looks help explain both chemistry that combined these two things through insensitivity and selfishness, as well as chemistry that helped some viewers overlook the painful weaknesses of the film. The decision to cut the story arc into curiosities and present it in retrospective flashbacks added complexity with no apparent dramatic utility, and in a few cases left a sequence, and therefore the consequences of the event were unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend this movie? To stick to literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For easy viewers who seriously need a catharsis of survivors of AIDS or for a moody tear squeezer with a small eye in the eyes. But better-written alternatives investigating the impact of AIDS on the accounts of that time include: Philadelphia, A band played, Longtime companion, Angels in America, Early frost, A look at parting, Love! Prowess! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
