Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, different years for this title) are Chinese Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer Omen, Payment in Blood, etc.) from Hong Kong, which made the legendary Shaw Brothers. . Yes, even they fell into boring diseases like this one, and Bamboo is definitely one of the worst trials of the whole genre, even compared to the western trials, which usually fade compared to the Eastern films! <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp in which Chinese women are brutalized, abused and raped by evil Japanese (what else?) during World War II. The girls also know the secret place where a box full of gold is hidden, and they also learn that a Chinese military officer brought up in Japan (veteran Shaw Lo Lieh) is now a secret agent among other Japanese people and naturally helps girls escape the hell. Below are sequences of unpaid nakedness, female kung fu, nasty torture, gore, sleaze and extremely offensive anti-Japanese attitude that make this movie a clean and honest trash that does not even try to be more than it is. > <br /> There are almost no interesting elements in Bamboo House of Dolls. Occasional photography especially at the end looks nice with sunshine and beautiful nature, but it's all in the substantive department. The battle scenes are numerous and always include half-naked females hitting and kicking. Generally speaking, violence is quite nasty with a few spinal wounds, misogynistic torture scenes (for example, one poor girl is brutally attacked on a floor filled with broken glass, etc.) and an extremely repulsive ending and moral for her. Of course, it is foolish to talk about "morality" when writing about this kind of film, but there are still elements that I can not accept from any movie. <br /> <br /> The movie also has some fun turkey items for sure! For example, a gold box filled with heavy gold seems suspiciously light, because the weak and suffering girls do not seem to have any problems with raising and starting, let alone throwing it! Also, these numerous "skin-fighting scenes" make this smile cause garbage fans to the cinema. I saw Killer Snakes (1973) of the same director who is ten times more remarkable as a song and even if he has many live snakes killed seriously, he is also more visually interesting and shows us some nasty sides of the big city and society. It is also a must for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls also suffered some censorship, which is not a surprise when it comes to the subject. The uncharted version (dubbed in a language other than English) published in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, lasts 104 PAL minutes, while the English version of dubbing issued in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece lasts only 84 minutes in PAL. From what I've heard, cut out scenes are not just violence or other graphic elements, but also dialogue and "plot development" etc. <br /> <br /> Bamboo dollhouse is a trash cinema in its most tacky form and definitely something what I would not like to see from Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films on the same subject are much more interesting and noteworthy than this rather absurd, calculated and worthless film track. 2/10
