I usually do not give me a hyperbole, but after seeing the Academy's twenty-year reward, I can honestly say that this year's show of prizes was the most shameful example of a bad direction, total cruelty and pure stupidity I had ever had the misfortune to witness. I'm not talking about the prizes alone - as there are always many disputes when you report who won, who lost and who was never nominated, but the process is as always and as fair as it may be. What is terrible, UNfair is the treatment of both "stars" and "non-stars" received by Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "reducing boredom". <br /> <br /> It's bad enough that for the past few years, anyone who is not Al Pacino has been "played" for 45 seconds, no matter what he said, how he said it, and what emotions lie in after this statement. However, this only shows a total lack of respect for putting on stage candidates like cattle, not paying them the honor of showing faces, while their names are read, so that they creep quietly when they lose, denying them the thrill of the podium and forcing them to read theirs speeches with their backs to the audience. All these things have been done to "non-stars" - never think that films would not exist without these artists at all and that most of them have only one chance to face their peers and the audience. <br /> <br /> The stars could not do better. It's getting more sad than funny when the Caliber winners Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg for a few extra seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as the host, was not as flammable and controversial as the Academy expected, or nearly as much fun as he could. His initial remarks were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn showed them, and his comments during the performance were more innocent than interesting. Of course, you can not blame him when it was clear that he is kept as short as any host. After all, Chris Rock was something that almost never was: not-being. <br /> <br /> Even the music numbers were poorly supported. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why she would be featured in three of the five songs. Another example of total disrespect for the artist was giving the nominated song Jorge Drexler Antonio Banderas - even though Drexler was present and apparently would not mind singing his own song based on his winning "speech". <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz's efforts to make the show shorter and faster could have worked to some extent, but what resulted was a lifeless show. We all moaned about the long speeches given by people we do not know, about exaggerated production, about self-satisfaction. But this is their night - not ours. What is supposed to be a celebration has become an insult to celebrated people. To be honest, Cates and Horvitz should be ashamed.
