John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 80s. "European holidays" is not one of them. The continuation of Hughes' first big hit 'Vacation' (1983) is almost as predictable, indecent and annoying as they appear - no matter how much you love stupid but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed "Vacation" and the third Christmas Vacation movie from 1989, but Griswold's journey to Europe is bland and forced. Perhaps it was because it was Hughes' first attempt in the sequel, which he did not understand, but it's really stunning, how uninspiring and devoid of history is "European holidays". There is no history: the Griswolds win a game show for "greedy little pigs" and embark on a journey through Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor that is the hallmark of the first one loses all effects because you see that it is coming, which is the fault of director Amy Heckerling. The director of "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" sets everything too predictably. <br /> <br /> Maybe Hughes made a cheap shot because he was forced to continue. "European holidays" are proud of insulting Americans (they recall the greedy little pig show that they win), especially tourists, represented by the Griswold family of maize. He also pats his back, saying simply, "Oh, Griswolds, we always get into something, because our dad is an idiot." Then, in an almost comical way, he ends up paying homage to America and gratitude to the Griswolds for returning to such a better country. If Hughes wanted to satire and wanted to do it in the form of a bad movie, maybe I should give 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> It's not only disgust, but "European holidays" boasts of the two worst actors playing children, Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and unbearable, with unattractive and loud Audrey babbling about the boy she left behind in the film. Hughes goes so far as to comment on the fact that he misses him when he observes a gigantic sausage. Pretty tasteful. Speaking of breasts, it flashes in two different scenes for no reason (unless it's about commenting on the love of Americans for free nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I will give the film one of its two stars thanks to Eric Idle from Monty Python, whose episode in several different points of the film, in which he recites poems directly from the "Holy Grail", is the funniest part. If Hughes was going to find one of the only non-American actors in the movie, as the only funny part, it's another tip for him that he torn the underbelly of the Hollywood comedy in the 1980s. But would it be painful for him if he did it amusement?
