I am a huge fan of Pacino movies. He is one, if not the best, actor of this genre. However, this movie could have been much better, although it had a poor cast. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to prison. Instead, it seemed to be just one of the many stories that can be told about Carlito. Answers to all or even some of the questions about his past that we were thinking about in the original could have been given. As for me, this is the only way to make this movie. Instead, we get this prequel, which has almost no original characters, a character that plays a different role than the original (terrible movement) and a completely different interest in love for Carlito. Do not even start with Puffy. There is no way I would seriously treat this cat as a gangster after seeing him dancing in all the films of his artists. Every time this guy opened his mouth, I waited for him to dance. He made me laugh, if anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. It seemed to me that due to its recent history it would give a boring performance. He did quite well. In my opinion, he was probably the most "credible" of the entire cast. Jay Hernandez did everything in his power, but he has no skills in his career. However, I appreciate his energy and effort. It's hard to follow Pacino. The only way to get even a hint about the type of person Carlito is watching the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene, and then without muscle in another. He was one of the worst gangsters of his time, but you would see only the flashes in this movie. Perhaps it is a pathetic way for Hollywood to try to make a second prequel to make money from this failure. I would not be surprised. <br /> <br /> In general, in my opinion, this movie was very short or it could be. The only reason I gave him 3 was that I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples earned me respect. A serious director should have made the film and put time into history and turned it into a real prequel. I am very disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. It would be better to do it in a mini-series about HBO and tell a story properly, as the original suggests. At the end of the film, they had the courage to suggest that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... is the part that everyone wants to see !!! It's only my opinion again. I can not tell you how to waste money.
