Where can I start? I heard that this movie comes out and I was very angry. I am a big fan of the original Carlito road, and when I heard about it, I thought it would be like almost all of the other sequels that will appear in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. Boy, I was wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. Not claiming that all sequels are bad, but this is a Hollywood problem these days, they are doing too many sequels and alterations and are rushing with them. It was not a theatrical edition, it was a DVD edition. Even so, in my opinion, there was no reason for it to be done. After hearing about the film in progress, I heard later that Pacino is gone. It immediately killed every chance that this movie will be good. Why did I check this video and some of you may ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see it, so I did. I not only watch movies that have high expectations, but of course I had low expectations in relation to this. I just wanted to check if there was anything important in it. Now, if any of you are reading Carlito's Way fans, you know that many of the stories in the first are related to his going to prison. <br /> <br /> * A VERY LESS SPOILER * I will not spoil anything, because it may mean that you do not want to waste 2 hours watching this basket. Let me just say: at the end of the second road, Carlito, we do not see Carlito in prison. Now I do not know about any of you, but I thought that the prequel to Carlitos Way would show him how he was sent to prison. I was even interested in seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now it's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do too bad work, but he could not save the movie if he tried. There are not even all the trinkets that should be cast by Carlito Way Way fans. You do not see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key figures in the first one, I would like to see something like that. What's worse, Luis Guzman is in this movie, but he does not play the same character he plays in the first movie. Big mistake on their part, why they cast the same actor on another character, it made the movie worse than it was before. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, I am a fan of Carlito's Way, this new version straight to the DVD is a disgrace. If you're a fan, do not watch this movie with high expectations. This film basically did not do anything for me and it is definitely one movie that I will not choose on DVD or watch.
