I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I will never go back to this piece of rubbish. I heard that someone on the Internet describes the villains of this movie as "subhuman cannibals" and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like "Descent." WRONG! The Descent is a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong story. These villains are completely unrealistic and no part of their performance is pleasant to watch. This movie is not so controversial, I've seen this level of gore in many movies. This movie sucks. SUMMARY: A blonde who thinks she is really hot (but is not), her admirer and friend of her devotee (no, I do not remember their names) go to the forest. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde becomes unreasonably hysterical, and the next morning they can not find a friend of a devotee. A devotee impales a foot (whoops!). Do not worry, he is more upset when his car does not move, than when pierced with nails. After a nanosecond of blond hair, he goes out to find help. Events I do not remember. During this and throughout the film we show grotesque scenes of torture without any substance, including the one that made me gag. The blonde goes to save a devotee from the house of cannibals (although they only see eating the intestines, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals to eat, because they contain real food). Blonde considers the devotee wounded and works very hard (to no avail) to make up for the tears. Then you laugh when the blonde is at home and announces that she can "think". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals that cannibals are his family. Then there is shooting, leave the house, shooting continues, then a random guy appears and says he is watching them. Before being shot, we were shown an acid-inspired trip in which more people are killed. The blonde or her devotee shoots him because he did not help them. There are more murders, the devotee confesses his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does it mean? I do not know, I hope it will not be a continuation.
