Once, X files were an intelligent, thought provoking performance. A large part of his appeal was that the authors looked at folklore and science for their ideas, tying a conspiracy with the terrible side of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly careful about the eighth season when it was broadcast. The concert already gave two perfectly good episodes that could be won ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the seventh season saw a sharp increase in the number of episodes that rubbed against ideas that were far-fetched, improbable or even stupid. But I came to the conclusion, hey, give it some advantage, maybe bring it back, because they have some great ideas in the queue. <br /> <br /> "Roadrunners" really annoyed. Following the "Patience", which at least offered an interesting angle of vampiric folklore, which could not be shown, the episode sees a strange (alien) parasitic snail with the power of mind control worshiped by the cult of forestry Christians. Oh, and they think this is the second coming of Christ, but you will discover it only in the last few minutes. Seriously. You never * try * to explain what the snail is, why something is happening, or anything. Even in the early years of the series - in reality * especially * then - one could expect a bit more depth, a bit of background, and if not, the other way around - a bit of a mystery, uncertainty, what it's all about. <br /> <br /> It's Scully that really kills it. You could accept the stupidity of the premise, but to have a character that has developed for a good 7 years as a rational skeptic turned into a gullible individualist solely for the progress of the plot is strange. You feel that you are watching some terrible teen horror, except that she is a woman in her thirties, throwing herself into something like a terrifying, isolated community in which she spent the best part of the decade discovering a sinister abdomen, or outwitted by very stereotypical hicks or totally indifferent for her own safety. By the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not around. Scully simply went out into the desert to look into a brutal murder without him. Appears at the end to save the day - I do not even remember why - but otherwise it is not really in it. Again: seriously. <br /> <br /> In short, it seems to be either a simple script written for another program, or someone's movie animal project, which was allowed to squeeze like a mutated leech into the spine of an existing, long-running program at a time when he was the most exposed. This could work on a smaller show, where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. But The X-Files did a good job, and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic television heroes of the 90s. Deciding that you are going to change her personality because of the history that they had to do in Star Trek good fifty times is pointless.
