If you have ever been persecuted by a Christian who says: "Jesus is the answer. What's the question? ", Maybe you should thank God if you've never met Lacan. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical of the Lacanians, would surely mention the word "Jesus" in this statement on "Lacan / Hegel". <br /> <br /> Zizek's star is bright at the moment, no doubt, because we usually watch films and pop culture only as entertainment for our consumption. So it seems impressive when someone - someone - comes and says, "Hold on, movies can say something about ourselves." <br /> <br /> The ideas that Zizek explains in this video are "real" just because that he says so. For example, Zizek explains that the three Marx Bros are ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo? Maybe they are sinthome ... are these movies themselves?). It is simply what they are. In Zizek's art, culture can not be studied, but only treated as an example of its ideology. People can object that he certainly has something to say - but how different is what he says from a Christian who assigns everything to God's will? <br /> <br /> What's wrong with the examples, from movies or anywhere to illustrate the theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek seems to believe, they can even serve as proof. However, this is only a misunderstanding and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and prove everything you want. For Zizka Lacan is the answer? so he goes and gives an example. Everything, in addition to everything, resembles the teachings of the Master, and culture is to endure it, to serve this ideology. Zizka's example of the fancy voyeur's position, for example, comes from the Vertigo scene when Jimmy Stewart spies Kim Novak at the florist. But in the context of the film, this is not a fancy position of the voyeur. Stewart was deliberately led by Novak. This presentation of examples isolated from their context lasts for two hours and a half of Zizek's cinema sermon. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the scene of "baby want to f ---" in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. Disregarding what seems to be the frightening (for the male) truth of the "feminine jouissance", Zizek says that the character Isabella Rossilini not only requires her degradation, but is unknowingly responsible for the situation. This is an example of her "jouissance". Well ... maybe. But - I'm sorry that I'm prosaic - where is the proof? In the film, he is partially humiliated because Hopper kidnapped her son. Zizek may object that he apparently enjoys sharp sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But it can result from many things. Is not this so-called feminine "jouissance"? According to Lacan, the feminine jouissance, unlike the phallic jouissance, can not be articulated, it goes beyond the phallic capturing and castration of language. If this is true, you can not do it. It also means that the whole concept is not sensible and completely mystical. This can only be determined by dogmatists such as Zizek: "There is a feminine jouissance for you! Why this feminine jouissance? Because I say that. " <br /> <br /> What example can you really get from these movies? Only Zizka's psychology. Why is it pulling into your favorite movies, even to the extent that when he's in a boat at Botega Bay, he says he also wants to - Rod Steiger? Is not this the wish of someone who spends his life criticizing films? As the proverb says, Freud would have a day off with the guide The Pervert's Guide to the Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. Zizka's theory that films show us how we want to be can be on the face of it, but these films can not be strict universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film shows how Žižek wants, and only very vaguely - to be almost useless - as the rest of us want. Because, as every psychoanalist knows, what we want and what we want can not be completely separated - and it can not be easily unified, if at all. Zizka's love for making everything an example of Lacan's answer confirms this: how do we want? that's how I do it. The problem is that in Zizek's desire, everything and everyone else are rationalized in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and they certainly do not like to let the "subject" speak for themselves. <br /> <br /> Perver's guide to the cinema is a summary of Zizek's love for dogma and is completely non-philosophical, even if he remains very political (which is not dogma?). Zizek never questioned exactly what his motives might be when the analysis begins, what he is trying to discover, because the conditions of his exploration, and thus his ethics, are never questioned. <br /> <br /> Zizek is extremely prolific, but all his books and this movie say the same. It's Henry Ford's type of cultural theory: mass production and every color, if it's black. It is ideal for today's highly consumerist society: allegedly critical when it gives people the same c-ap over and over and pretends it is something else. This is popular because people largely prefer ready-made answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - and do not investigate matters with a serious consideration. It's like being a dead brain. For me, the third pill Zizka Matrix is ​​a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I loved Zizka's solemn remark - presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity - that music in movies can have a significant impact on human sympathies. Was this what happened to Zizek after seeing Szczęk?
