This film is very light, predictable from beginning to end. As a Don Knotts' "The Incredible Mr. Limpet "was much better, with the figure of Knott not so incompetent or ignorant. His performance there was subdued, without any of his characteristic goggles, although it may have something to do with the fact that he was replaced by a cartoon fish for most of the movie. Knotts was making a living by playing in a sympathetic imbecile, like Bob Denver. None of them seemed to be able to break into other roles, assuming they were simply typical. Probably it was caused by a blow, a wild look and a high voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked for the Three's Company, was able to exceed his genre, successfully playing dramatic roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz", but the closest Knotts ever had a small role in "Pleasantville." Even Leslie Nielsen was the nasty, unpleasant or dramatic actor he was at that time, nor the deadly comedic actor, as he later became in "The Plane!". and "Police Squad". <br /> <br /> There is also no way that the then 43-year-old Knotts could go to a 35-year-old, as his hero emphasized. It was as ridiculously unbelievable as Tom Hanks at the age of 38, he played in Forrest Gump at the age of student. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly made on a modest budget, very reminiscent of a fast-paced TV episode. This is particularly evident in the "external" scenes of the "city" where Roy leaves after being released. It is unlikely that even a preschooler would be cheated by the artificiality of the Mayberry scene. <br /> <br /> Even watching it exclusively as a movie for children, it is very disappointing. This is not because he lacks actions or special effects, although he does. The pace is much too slow, situations are repeated. How many times do you watch Roy get on the bus? Comedy for children should sometimes be crazy, with breakneck gags, otherwise you risk their boring (and all adults in the theater). Movies, even children's films, have improved over the last decades. Even many modern comedies have been better recorded and written. For example Disney "Love Bug" had at least an interesting racing action.
