I think the blame for it is only the gigantic disappointment of "Entrails of Virgin". You already know that you do not expect a movie masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title in this way, and the first impression is even more confirmed when you notice that the film is a production from the mid-1980s from Japan. There are currently many crazed and sick filmmakers in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu outperforms them all with his totally depraved and disgusting trilogy, which focuses on aggressive sex and sadistic exploitation of young girls. Even without trying to tell the story, "Entrails of a Virgin" simply presents a blend of exciting UN porn sex and really bad gore effects that would not even please the most demanding fan of the terrifying horror of the 1980s. Pictures of several photographers and their models are inexplicable a way combined with the scenes of a dirty pervert having severe sex with a seemingly underage girl. He dumps her less than a minute after the climax (typically) and begs him to stay, even if he has to share it with other women. I do not understand this. Is this supposed to represent the general masculine fantasy? Because it's really trivial and unlawful. In any case, going back to the group of horny photographers and meek models. Taken aback by the mist coming home, the group digs into an abandoned country house, where it has more frightening sex and ultimately falls victim to a ridiculous demon-sex that kills them all. Actors' performances are amateur, unimportant and primitive dialogues, and Komiz's direction is weak and uninspired. I can tolerate everything, including the unfriendly female sex show, but I've come too close to turning off the movie during an unspeakably wretched wrestling sequence. One of the men brutally strikes, kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a dirty slut until she literally kisses her panties and cries out of agony. This sequence is in my humble opinion the absolute point of the Asian operating cinema. One to avoid and maybe even boycott.
