Maybe it was a title or trailer (certainly not an interview on DVD, which is with the director, when he constantly repeats "hello, kids" to the camera like a buffoon), but I had expectations for Entrails of Virgin to be at least a bit funny with some good scenes of sex and brutal, bloody killings of a strange Japanese penetrator. It turns out that it is too dingy for their own good or evil or anything else. There is a problem - and this is also visible in the Italian sexual film Porno Holocaust, similar to that in many respects - in the lack of balance with sex and violence. Too much sex and turn into a prototype porn, even with high-quality production compared to most professional porn movies! And at the killing scenes there must be at least a bit of tack, or maybe just a bit of ingenuity in creating a creature / killer / whatever. Nor do the Virgin's intimates. It is safe to say that it is quite a soulless movie, even if it is not one of the worst that has ever been created - it is only for Japanese fetishists with horned dogs, to get off in girls in trouble and men who have all the minds in their other. " bosses. <br /> <br /> In this case, we have a photo team where the guys take a few photos of the girls, nothing too biting, and then through the dense fog they stay one night with some house and are chosen one by one by "A Murderer", as he admits. First of all, the director Kazuo "Gaira" Komizu decides that at the beginning he has to enter the number of random sexual scenes - we are connected (or called us, take) clips of one of the photographers having sex with one or more girls elsewhere. It looks like it's from a different movie. Then, when I settled in the house, there appears a scene "wrestling", which is poorly directed and shot (yes, we really have to see it "there"), and then for rape and murder. First, rape, by photographers who promise girls work on time. Then Murderer, who, like D'Amato's creation, is simply covered in mud and has a stupid face, and who, for some unknown reason, kills men and / or rapes women one after the other. <br /> <br /> Now, the latter, by themselves, should be considered as the most important elements of the film. However, it reminds you that crocodiles are the best part of a miserable salad. A scene of gouging the eye, a thorn thrown like an Olympic party (actually this scene is nice), and finally the guts of an excessively sexy girl whose irrelevant name I do not remember. Even * it * becomes disappointing simply not being correct to the title! In addition, the sex scenes that become bothersome by "Gaira" and his indulgence in long breaks, where everything by Japanese censors and so is blurred, are called by actors (you would think that it seems that they are having fun, hence the need let them "speak" for themselves). But the general impression with Entrails of a Virgin is that it is uneven, where you just have to stare and without a bit of tension or real horror (see how the last girl is alive, virgin image, trying to stop the murderer from reaching her, who it lasts five minutes while she is still throwing sticks at him!) You want this to happen, because the mantra "I hate women" gets softened or completely gets rid of.
