First, let me say that I gave this movie 3 out of 10 after a few thoughts. I was going to give him 1, but I got some extra points for the number of bodies. But that's it. Let me explain. I paid literally 1 GBP for this DVD in the supermarket, because I have a lot of faith in bargain horror films, especially in B movies. But if this movie was to obtain B status, I suspect that for many reasons (which I will touch in a moment), it turned out He's disappointed. Not only did he shoot at B and he missed, but he landed somewhere around F. This movie had so many opportunities to be good and almost failed on all accounts. I will say above that this film was probably intended to obtain B status and it seems that it tries to achieve it by trying to combine humor with horror, which can be very good or very bad. For example, Freddy's later films (from Dream Warriors) are about Freddy's style and thumb-to-nose, which works well! But this movie was completely bombed in this respect, because the times in which they tried to introduce humor were mostly stupid. I admit, however, that at the beginning of the film humor was good. In fact, for about half an hour I liked this movie and was ready to congratulate myself on another good find. BUT what the movie really killed me is the wrong homicide. For example, when "Satan" breaks the cat on the board and writes "boo" with his blood, using his body as a brush. Or when "Satan" slams the door of a defenseless elderly woman with disabilities. Now I'm usually not against the pointless killing of movies - hey, that's it, right? But in these two cases, I simply found it grossly offensive and unnecessary for anything on the film plot. For me from that moment, the film went down. One of the main drawbacks of this movie is that I hated all characters. Kid, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I can not explain how he could write off all these bodies and people killed before his eyes as a trick! Come on!!! I totally understand that the character in the horror movie has to be a little stupid, like running up the stairs when you blurt out from the house, shouting for help, but the kid took the cake! At the end I wanted to kill him! It was completely unbelievable, and if I had to hear him saying "duh!" I would have to hit my head against the wall one more time - because that's how this movie looked like. Why did not I turn off the movie? Mainly because I sincerely believe that ending can sometimes make a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The ending did NOT compensate for this film, it irritated me further and was inadequate to the plot. I already got it! The killer will always come back dressed like someone else, he will be taken home by a stupid kid and will be killing again because no one suspects him in this outfit! I UNDERSTAND! This movie made me physically furious because he was so stupid! And if by some mistaken mistake you end up watching this movie, watch out for the intestines. Honestly, if this guy actually had an intestine that looked like this, I'd be surprised that he was not dead anymore, let alone someone torn it out and tied it to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I will even go so far as to say that the only character I liked in this movie was the killer. Purely because when the "comedy routine" worked, it worked. All in all, the plot of the film drew everything that could be good. Why deadly killing? I do not know. I can live without knowing who she actually is, it's quite typical, but without a motive - hell, I do not know, I would be satisfied that he had a bad Halloween as a child! - It seems more than nonsensical, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated the movie so much that I specifically registered with IMDb, so I could comment on it. Save your money, save your mental health. Stay away from this!
