This is an "antique" horror. It consists of 4 stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Weird Tales and was a personal friend of H.P. Lovecraft, but he is best known for his original history of "Psycho"). The quality of the story is very uneven and I did not think about the film too frightening or frightening. It would be better to do it as a Comedy Terrorist comedy. Only the last of the 4 stories was done in a humorous way and probably it is the best of them (the one from Ingrid Pitt). I saw a few of these films about the Amicus anthology, and the only one that really was worth my time was Freddie Francis' Tales from the Crypt. The anthology style works well for producers, because it means they can hire a group of actors of "big names", employ them only for one week of shooting, and then bring the next big name. So you basically pay for a pay week with a movie star, but you get 5 or 6 different names on the tent. But this is very unfortunate for the public, because the audience would like to see a few scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt that really work together. Instead, they got stuck in these vignettes by themselves. So, take them one by one, briefly. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliot, who is doing a really admirable job, trying to bring some dignity to his stupid role of a writer terrorized by his own character. Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominika, the source of horror, Tom Adams, looks simply stupid, which destroys any possible horror. But there are some fun things to do if you want to laugh about it, like the scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. This is a patented scene in which the killer creeps in behind the victim, but nobody watches it, so the whole audience should shout "LOOK FOR YOU!". The second story is the one with Peter Cushing. God, I love this man so much. It is a pity that many of his films, like this one, are very smelly. In a story he should refuse for long lost love, he sees her likeness in a wax museum. It is a completely predictable story that does not end anywhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have a little with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a small child who turns out to be a witch. Again this piece could have been nice if it was played for laughter. But instead, we should be terrified when Lee hits the child and is surprised when it turns out that he is angry. The actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good at the role of "Bad Seed". <br /> <br /> The last story is quite funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays actress, and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cloak that turns him into a real vampire. That's all history has to offer. I was surprised at how bad English Ingrid Pitt was, I think she must have been named in some of the other movies where I saw her. <br /> <br /> Not a very memorable movie or one that I recommend to everyone but for horrific movies.
