The plot of the film is kitsch and peculiar. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you're looking for a movie about Middle East and Central Asia, it's absolutely horrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the movie either did no research, or they were incredibly lazy when they shot it. First, and most blatantly incorrect, Nuristanis, as they were known in the thirties, and even since the 1890s, and their strong conversion by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan, were not nomads. In fact, they have not been nomads since the Aryan invasions to Central Asia more than three million years ago. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city that is filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of this area around the city can not be more strikingly DIFFERENT than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded on all sides by a large mountain range that dominates in all views of cities. <br /> <br /> The third, Persian, despite the fact that they speak in Iran and Afghanistan, you never hear in the film. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. The Persian guards on the border tell each other "Ma hadha rujal" (This is not a man), not "in magical nature", as in Persian. Also, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is of course in Spanish. During conversation in the garden, one of the main characters says that the Koran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and refers to words after drugs. These words certainly never appear in the Koran, because they are Persian to Paradise (indeed, Ferdos and Raj are very distant relationships between our languages) and "World", respectively, although Jehaan is close to "Jehennan", which is a hell of Arabic. When they meet nomads in the desert, it is also spoken in Arabic, despite the fact that in Iran and Afghanistan there are NO native speakers of Arabic, and its use is primarily religious, with some benefit in education at this time. > <br /> When they stop in Iran before they reach the Afghan border, the people they meet with are completely different from any Iranian group. Their tents are usually bedouin with rugs adorning the walls and a high profile. In Iran, it happens very often that people wear Turbans, unless they are clerics. The spoken language is clearly Arabic after the first greeting of "Ahlan wa Sahlan". When they reach Kabul, the desert in which they are located is sandy, completely unlike the rocks that can be found in the dry parts of the Hindu Kush mountains. There is a lack of light green bushes that cover the ground in summer and spring. This area is also not entirely absorbed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range, which have earned their name The Indian Killers, due to its difficult and limiting terrain. <br /> <br /> In short, the plot is the only thing in this film containing water and it is still a weak and common place. He lacks a real train, being only a story about two women who are trying to find out about themselves when they reach Nuristan, even though it is still born and does not feel real development, leaving the characters in the end only where they were at the beginning and nothing has not changed, except that the Second World War broke out. In short, this is a really bad movie that I would rate as one star, with the exception of good Bedouin recordings and Levant deserts, even if they are misnamed.
