The basic assumption of the "Miami Golem" definitely deserves a place in the top, say, fifty of the craziest movie stories ever written! I know that the top 50 does not sound very impressive, but I have seen many really weird movies with crazy plots. I was prepared for something intricate, because the film was directed and written jointly by Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative Italian artists, but unfortunately unappreciated. De Martino steals many ideas from successful cinema hits, like most Italian directors at the time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all De Martino films are worth the effort, but some of them are extremely underappreciated, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for a Murder". The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements from many great science-fiction and adventure movies (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "ET", ??), but do not really call it a rip-off. The only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another movie is the opening synth song, which sounds almost identical to Axel F. Harold Faltermeyer from "Beverly Hills Cop." The rest of the movie is a fun mix of fantasy, science fiction, action, horror movies and superheroes. It certainly does not always make sense (in most cases it does not happen), but "Miami Golem" is undeniably ingenious and multi-faceted film that fascinated me and my friend from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize, but I will try anyway. The skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports on a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a crashed meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to the evil force of the alien, which has already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and will undoubtedly destroy all humanity as soon as it reaches a large enough size. If this is not problematic enough, the rich Mr. Anderson ordered to steal the slowly growing bad fetus because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in earth disguise, Craig Milford has a difficult task of protecting the planet from an evil fetus. Okay, I know it all sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is in fact a light and easily digestible movement. The first half of the movie may seem overly frenzied and confusing, because Alberto De Martino tries to keep the mystery of the plot by using the absurd red herring. There are subliminal phantom figures supporting characters behaving too mysteriously for no real reason and at some point there are even speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis. However, this is confusing material and as soon as the configuration is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" turns into an ordinary popcorn movie from the 80s with bloody massacres, extravagant sequences of chase (in the Florida Everglades!), Explosions, unjustified dizziness and nasty little fetal monsters in jars. <br /> <br /> Now I really do not want to give the impression that the "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeserved jewel of the Italian operating cinema. Do not make a mistake, it's a very bad movie! Events become unbearable if you accept the stupidity and inconsistency of the plot and if you fail, well, this is just a non-stop of the negative aspects. Actors' performances are painfully terrible. Particularly the veteran of the film B John Ireland, as the archetypal character of James Bond, does not seem the least interested in the script. From his grimaces and the way he communicates his poems, one can say that he also believes that all production is delayed and simply subscribes to the payment. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female object of desire, and the person who drew the wonderfully chaotic VHS cover had to feel exactly the same, because the thrilling girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the film. What a shame for Mrs. Trotter. Nevertheless, her completely free nudity sequences compensate for this because it is quite hot from the neck down. And finally, there is an unforgettable scene in which David Warbeck takes the helicopter out of the school bus with an ordinary pistol! I do not think even John Rambo can do it while he's a veteran of Vietnam, and Warbeck's character is a simple TV reporter.
