Reporter Craig Milford, who works for the Public Telecommunications Center of James Keller, interviewed a German professor at the University of Floridian, who created an unknown being based on a meteoric substance. But then a man named Anderson, who tries to control the whole planet with the creature, and his man kills the professor and his assistants and plunders the creature. So Craig and his new psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with the human being, but also with a foreign friend (s) of creation, start to find a creature and try to send it to a space spacecraft ... the movie is great cast and cast. For example, actor, David Warbeck from THE BEYOND, actress, Laura Trotter from NIGHTMARE CITY, special creator of visual effects, Sergio Stivaletti from masterpieces Dario Argento, as well as director (and screenwriter), Alberto De Martino THE MAN WITH ICY EYES and THE KILLER IS ON THE PHONE. And these talented people make an incredibly bad film, named, nothing more than a MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially a confused film of CLOSED MEETINGS of THIRD KIND of E.T. And this one not only confused, but also a stuffed movie has something worthwhile; genetic engineering with mental research. Consequently, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical defect; Genetic engineering and psychological research are never compatible. (Surprisingly, when it comes to this strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and psychological research, the leading hero himself, Craig, says it must be BETTER EXPLANATION for the short-haired psyche, Joanna, but in the end the whole story is gone and can not show ANYTHING BETTER EXPLANATION.) In addition, this movie has something more ridiculous; his problematic music. The composer, who is considered to be Robert Marry, is nothing but a strangely intrusive music tasted by BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say that this Italian style of BEVERLY HILLS COP per se is a particularly bad music, but I must admit that it seems obvious that music is not suitable for this film at all. In fact, who can think that COP BEVERLY HILLS is compatible with genetic engineering and / or psychological research?
