The end result ... who cares - this is a reality show. There is no passion for the audience, he moves to lazy television viewers, puts nothing and nothing goes out. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire", the most blatantly fake reality show of them all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. This is a breakthrough moment, not only for Fox, but for an American audience who watches, likes and talks about it the next day. You people should be ashamed. Because if Fox promotes this trash, he will not earn any money if he is not seen by people (and the boy was, the final he won almost the Super Bowl!). Do not bother you that there are many high-quality programs written, directed, working and generally put in their efforts, which are canceled when you sit comfortably and will end this easy, cold game show? <br /> <br /> I was an avid supporter of Fox. These are those of us who like and look for high-quality television that helped build Fox in Married's time ... with Children and The Simpsons. Pretty convenient, now none of these shows will make the current management will be 6 weeks. "Governments of terror" Gail Berman, as it is often called. The network waged war against TV scripts and, oddly enough, it's fans. The same people who helped build them at the beginning. Now, not only do we have to fight for good performances, but we must fight our own network. It disturbs the mind. Nothing Fox has done in the last 3 years. From the cancellation of such hits as "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown", but Fox can not raise his pathetic head to give the only decent performance that they had with another shot this season?). And the reason why they can do it all: the success of trash such as "Joe Millionaire". They can now say, "We do not need you TV fans, we have a reality show." It seems that they obviously have no idea that a large audience that draws with this trash is capricious and WILL be abandoned when another fashion appears. To alienate her base in this way, she will eventually kill the network, just as ABC retracted. <br /> <br /> The concert itself is a joke. Here is the assumption, in the classic Fox Gimmick, which promises us something different and nervous, but then delivers something in no different from "The Bachelor" or anything on the big 3. Fox went to the mainstream. The finale and "twist" (quote / unquote) showed that they have no ideas up their sleeve. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how they look different, will end in the same cornball, the end of the fairy tale. We had to see a group of poor aspiring actors whose network was selected from millions of headshots to match their demographic parade around like high school bimahs pretending they liked Evan Marriott because ... well, because it was a contest you should do it . Marriott itself is like a hideously disfigured Chro-magnum man who tries to collect the simplest sentences. But how do women (all by the way an ugly looking by the way - an important minus is such a guilty pleasure show) do not fall in love with "Joe" with such charming lines as "Look, you're not stupid". /> <br /> I used to think that people who watched these reality shows / dates / games were lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they must be really mentally handicapped. Come, people, be more proud of yourself. Demand a little more than entertainment. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
