The serum begins as Eddie (Derek Phillips) with joy found out that he was admitted to a medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming MD, like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey), however his joy can be short-lived because Eddie is involved in an accident and is driven over by a car. Being taken to the nearest hospital does not look good to poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to let him save Eddie from the serum he has developed, a serum that will give the recipient the power to self-heal wounds. or disease. Desperate for his boyfriend to survive, Richard agrees, but the procedure has unwanted side effects, such as transforming Eddie into a zombie who is not a good brain ... <br /> <br /> Contractor, screenwriter and director Steve Franke I will be perfectly Honest and I'm saying that Serum is awful, Serum is one of those unfortunate horrors that try to tear off other numbers and end up a little more fun than pulling out nails with pliers. The script is awful, it has the whole Re-Animator (1985), who feels crazy scientists wielding huge syringes trying to eradicate death, but it's so boring that it's not true, the first forty minutes is nothing more than a really boring soap opera. Nothing is expected that Eddie would come home after spending some time and finding her ex-girlfriend related to someone else, arguing with her stepmother, getting drunk with a friend and a generally boring audience. So, when the nausea of ​​the first forty minutes has come to an end and if you're still watching it, Eddie needs a revive for another twenty minutes, then kills some people, the police catch up with him and shoot him, the end. Thank God. The serum is devoid of characteristic features that would be associated with good film, character sucking, dialogue is poor, it is treated too seriously, it is boring, slow, it is forgotten and thinks it has to be a horrible lack of blood, blood and horror. I do not recommend, did I mention that Serum is boring? I thought so. <br /> <br /> The director Franke does nothing to revive this thing, although no style is competent. Levels of gore do not exist, there is some splattered blood, a bitten neck, a few scars on the face of a dead woman, a few scenes in which the needle pierces the skin and that's all. Do not expect Re-Animator in the gore department, because if you are very disappointed, like me. Filmed in what looks like one house, one restaurant and a lab, the film has no variation and just looks cheap. There are several scenes of nudity, but nowhere is it close enough to save. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is not so bad, at least it looks like you've used the right cameras, I can not really comment on the special effects, because there are not any, but in general, the Serum looks quite professional. Apparently shot in Texas, or should it be literally filmed in Texas? Acting sucks, though again I think they were the right actresses, not the director's friends or family. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible movie, it is boring, slow, boring, it has no blood and it feels like horrible opera soap for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to watch it when they can watch Re-Animator or one of its sequels, instead, I seriously recommend that you give Serum a longing. I just saved you from wasting 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
