"Serum" begins with loans that resemble the movies "Re-animator" and they owe them a lot. History is very similar; the crazy doctor develops a serum that he thinks he alleviates pain, illness and death, but apparently he does not believe in clinical trials, so he ends up with the brain-eating zombie in the person of his nephew. Zombie looks even like one of the "Re-animator", and some makeup effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is quite slow and unbelievable in several places, which results in the sense of a soap opera for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director feels compelled to tell us at any time of the day every few minutes, flashing it with large white letters on the screen. I do not understand why it was important, apart from trying to give viewers a sense of time passing by; sometimes it would not be different, because the story goes on. <br /> <br /> There are many moments that just do not add up here. For example, one victim is killed with a sledge hammer, but when we see the victim's head close up, there is no trace of this trauma. In another scene, the figure runs in a fully lit hospital corridor (we see circles of light on the floor) with a flashlight in hand, looking for the whole world as if walking in darkness ... but a moment later the other figure goes down the same completely illuminated corridor without it. These are just a few examples; moments that look like sloppy directors or editorials appear quite often throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is in some ways better than the last thing that goes straight into the video as an independent horror. In technical terms? for example, sound and photography ?? has a more polished look than much of what lands on DVD. On the other hand, there is still a lot of wooden acting (especially one of the main characters, the mad scientist himself!) And nonsense moments that have nothing to do with suspending disbelief and everything that has to do with writing and continuity. Perhaps these are the things that people involved in making this movie will eventually have more experience with. One of the problems associated with low-budget independent horror is recently that filmmakers often try to convert more popular movies that had larger budgets, and that almost never goes out. In any case, this was not the case with "Serum".
