Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and premises that everyone who lives in England is at a football game or knows that the first thing on football will be immediately visible. <br /> <br /> My first major problem with hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and I have great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts, he tried to play that role. The main motivation of his character is anger on the system and anger for treason, but he spends most of the film gently and cheerfully, showing only his suppressed aggression in one short scene at the end of the movie. It's associated with its appearance and silhouette makes it a completely unconvincing addition to the gang of football hooligans. At no point in the film, I was not convinced that a) could cope with such bandits and b) the "company" of thugs would accept such a person in his fold. <br /> <br /> The second main character is Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks like a part and is quite convincing as a thug. Unfortunately, being a native of Newcastle Upon Tyne in northern England, he demonstrates the worst accent in East London since Dick Van Dyke tried to go to Marry Poppins. Such details will probably not disturb the American audience, who will be less tuned to the regional dialect in the UK, but being from the UK, it was a problem that I could not ignore and contributed to the destruction of the film. Supporting casts all gave convincing performances and were well manned, especially as Bover. The boy playing this character would be much more appropriate for the main role played by Charlie. In such a movie you have to convince the audience that your characters are reliable, unfortunately the casting failed. Imagine that you did a movie like the Godfather, and Sean Hayes (Jack) with Will and Grace played the role of Michael Corleone. You would not be convinced. History in Hooligan is also full of unbelievable. I am not a football hooligan, but I am a fanatical football fan. I know what a group of "ordinary" football fans might look like, as it considers it impossible for a fan who is not a fan of this club, is not from a given area, and even English nationality should be accepted by a "company" that in some in severe cases, he identifies himself with a secret organization. My last and biggest problem with this movie is the way it presents football hooligans. I am opposed to the idea of ​​the film that hooligans, even though they are very violent units, are justified because they live by some code of ethics in their own world and should be admired for being courageous and loyal to each other. This is complete garbage. Hooligans are complete scum. They take football, the national sport of England, and use it as a pretext to terrorize, scare and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of fans, but they give bad reputation to the entire game and the inhabitants of this country. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If "GSE" in this movie really loved his club, West Ham, why would he devote his life to a stain on his name. Hooligans are embarrassed by football and English society. Football hooligans do what Hitler did to the reputation of the Germans for the reputation of football. Although this movie tries / intends to show the "rough" side of football violence. It does nothing but promote it as a kind of justifiable activity for extreme sports fans. It does not show poor innocent observers at football matches who have a day ruined by some idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass in the crowd. It does not show innocent homeowners and property owners who have to endure graffiti and broken windows. It does not show REAL football club fans who suffer insults and embarrassment when their team's supporters are banned from traveling to away or abroad matches for European games because the bandits ruin it for everyone. If you want to see a good movie about football violence, watch the BBC drama "Company".
