The first Matrix movie was lush with amazing character development, witty dialogue and action scenes that have survived along with history. These elements - in combination with the amazing special effects of the day - presented a magical ride that kept you in suspense all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its continuation, Revolutions). The problem is not special effects or combat sequences, as some may argue; The brothers took well-developed characters from the first film and dug them like rotten tree logs. The connection that was first made between the viewers and screen characters from the first movie is lost when you realize that they are not the same characters from the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> Joke, Morpheus was developed as a charismatic, philosophical character with an insight far beyond anyone in the film, but here in Reloaded - we are portrayed by another Morpheus who stands stiff and empty, reduced to old-fashioned monoplanets that deny the character we saw in the first movie. This character just did not feel the same, and it can also be said about heroes supporting in the film. <br /> <br /> Removal of "Tank" was also a disappointment. Tank's involvement in the first movie was minimal at best, but he played that role extremely well. At Reloaded, we discover that Tank dies after the events of the first film and is replaced by stuntman Jar Jar Binks, who was unable to save his life (think about the stale box Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance made me giggle all the time, and most of his talked dialogue did not have the timing. There was an overwhelming sense that he either tries too hard to convey his emotions on the screen, or the delivery in the script is off; in both cases the experience was fun! Sometimes I felt embarrassed by the actor .... <br /> <br /> Even the divine form of Neo was suspected during most of the battle sequences. The battle in the alley with Agent Agent's 200 clones was certainly exaggerated. For a man as talented as Neo, one must wonder if he will waste time, engaging in such a fruitless, frivolous battle when more urgent matters come along (especially when one considers his ability to fly or his unholy ability to bend the Matrix Certainly Neo could have sent the clones much faster and more efficiently). Again, such acts are suitable for a scenario hampered by consistency, and scenes created as a filler to stop us from feeling depressed. We're joking, our expectations for characters created in the first movie are quickly rejected. Unfortunately, for those who expect the same - you will definitely leave, feeling seriously disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you take Reloaded for your standard action movie, forget the incredible inconsistencies of the plot and undefined development of already created characters from the first movie, you should leave feeling quite happy.
