Observed small half-soap, but not very captivating. Two or three funny moments. It amazes me how slippery and morally highly doubtful is McNicol. Playing an invalid (problem with legs), but not only is not an "ugly duckling", which men avoid, but is even a male eater - and we should feel it! Oh, poor little McNicol, with a problem with legs ... Poor little McNicol ??! He keeps going from men and even throws them away without blinking an eye! Once, he even premeditated an affair for one night with a blond stud, and then tells her recently found French girl, quite awkwardly, that it took him some time to get an erection! It makes viewers wonder why they are so aware of their legs if every guy wants to slouch her. Well, almost every guy; the only guy who really avoided her after seeing her leg wrapped in metal is a guy working on the phone. But it also seems to be doing well with men! No shyness, no lack of success in men, and she throws them out like toys; the way she threw Carradine was funny. Poor little girl, no girl? I do not think so. And yet we are to believe that this woman has a serious problem of trust; hence the scene in which he prepares to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to eject notes from nervousness. Nervousness?? The rest of the movie shows little or nothing that would suggest that he has problems with trust, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit into a larger picture. I was also surprised how quickly and eagerly McNicol befriends a French woman who fucks a married man. At first glance, the film seems to be a "sentimental tale of one woman's struggle for acceptance" (or something like that), but it is not; the screenwriter clearly moves between this type of film and the film "everything that moves - this is a film from the 80s" - very misleading. <br /> <br /> As for her leg: it's not like she's got a big, thick purple balloon growing on her calf muscle. "Only" has a normal-looking metal prosthesis attached to the bottom of the leg, so I really do not understand why the filmmakers try to make it look like a woman Quasimodo or something like that. the beginning of the movie. It's not like he has a double head growing out of his neck! Although McNicol is not a serious problem. Cutish type, but nothing special, quite average. <br /> <br /> But what the hell is Carradine playing in some (relatively) smooth guy flirting with McNicol and her buddy ?! This guy was in "Revenge of suckers"! But I think it's the same with Carradines in movies, like with Kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, incapable or stupid, all the doors are open to careers in movies and politics. <Br> <br /> Down with nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read fake biographies about Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and morons, please contact me by e-mail.
