Another double noir on one Warner Home Video disc and definitely better of these two films is a wonderful thriller from 1950, "Where Danger Loves". It is an unforgettable classic with a great cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Photographed in Black & White by Nicholas Musurac, he was strictly directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is a perfect example of a noir style of creating images and will always be remembered for his stylish craft that was Hollywood's past - (See my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praise can be applied to the second movie on the album, terrible stinking MGM 1949 TENSION! Poorly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry, this movie is full of ridiculous characteristics and unlikely situations. An unimaginable relationship between a gentle, miserable pharmacist - gently played by Richard Baseheart - and his overtly reserved wife (incorrigible Audrey Totter) is completely unbelievable and unconvincing (as they have ever met, no one knows). Then, when he "unexpectedly" throws him on one of his playmates (Lloyd Gough), our fearful pharmacist, instead of being euphoric and over the moon with his new, found happiness, plots revenge and tries to kill Gough, but at the last moment the chickens fall out. The guy is murdered anyway, and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by Detective Barry Sullivan's Homicide (another insipid performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you really did not care because it was so badly made and funny by director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea about stimulation and is not able to introduce even a bit of style to the point. There is nothing that he could put in front of the camera, which would make it impossible for you to nod! The only TENSION included in this film is an eraser that is stretched to the limit and will surprise you in Barry Sullivan's fingers when he gives an intro during the opening of the movie. That's it! The most unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best things about this turkey are the smooth monochrome pictures of the great Harry Stradling, the effective performance of the young Andre Previn and the early dramatic appearance of the beautiful Cire Charisse before her, I found her dancing shoes. Hi! - maybe she could save the picture if she gave us a few steps and some pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> There are plenty of accessories to his advantage, which include trailers, comments and descriptions for both films. But the record is worth the same for the classic RKO Mitchum!
