Robin Cook's novel "Coma" has already been transformed into a quite successful film in 1978. A few years later, it was the turn of the Robin Cook bestseller to get treatment on the big screen, but in the case of "Sphinx" practically all this can go wrong, it will go wrong. It's a horrible adventure film consisting of wooden performances, stupid dialogue, unconvincing characters and lead stimulation. The only reason why the 1 in 10 rating escapes is because the Egyptian background provides infinitely more fascination than the story itself. It's hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner (from "Patton" and "Planet Of The Apes") is the director of this failure. <br /> <br /> The pretty Egyptologist Eric Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on vacation in Cairo when he stumbles over the antiques shop Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi befriends Erica and is impressed by her enthusiasm and knowledge. Therefore, she shows her a beautiful and extremely rare statuette of Pharaoh Seti I, which he secretly keeps in his store. The very existence of the statue evokes intense excitement in Eric, because it can provide important clues in finding the long-lost tomb of Seti I, an award as great as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. murdered in his shop, and Erica is looking in silence when he meets his terrifying end. Fearing what she saw, Erica is trying to track down the treasure. It is in a situation in which it has been helped and prevented by many other websites, none of which are really trustworthy. For example, Yvon (Maurice Ronet), seemingly a friend, but maybe a man with sinister, hidden motives? There is also Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction, but she can also hide dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with "Sphinx" generally arise from its total disregard of credibility. Down could not be less convincing as an Egyptologist? it is assumed that it will be quite well educated and resourceful, but the whole movie screams helplessly, like some bimbo busty teen. In these rare cases, when he does not run away from a potential villain, he does other mindless things, such as taking pictures with a polaroid lamp in a grave of 4,000 years! The plot returns are at least heavy, mainly from revelations and double crosses, which can be predicted well in advance. You can not even try to enjoy the movie at the level of stupid, but entertaining share prices, because the pace is very slow. What can be found separates long boredom. The famous film review said: "Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a 2-hour movie been so accurately summarized in two words.
