This movie has nothing to do with Sphinx, and the title is only an introduction. The story concerns the imagined real and hidden tomb in the Valley of the Kings, King Seti I, the second pharaoh of the nineteenth Dynasty, the period of the New Kingdom. This is not a bad yarn, and a large part of the film is filmed on the spot. Even the lobby scenes at the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were really filmed, not in the studio. The second thing is infinite and had to be released into Egypt for many weeks. Frank Langella is really very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it by the side line. The film is ruined by one of the most annoying actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, which plays the main role. She will spend the whole movie wondering what her eyes are like, if her blue eyes break the light at the right angle, make her all the lusts of the guys, etc. After starting life as a ten-year-old model, what hope can it be for her? He personifies everything that is the most repulsive in female vanity and depressed thoughtlessness. And to think that this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won the Oscar for the film "Patton"! He lets that terrible actress whimper and revel in the whole movie, hysterically in a moment, flirting in the next, like hurricane idiocy, when he moves away from one man to another, or screams or makes eyes in the bedroom, it does not matter. He is to be a young Egyptologist. But she has never been to Egypt before! He takes a taxi to Giza and catches her first glance at the pyramids, squirts in ecstasy: "But they are so BIG !!!!" Barf! OK, so it was a scenario, but it's too easy to accept the cliché, giving the impression that it's a natural element that I do not doubt for a moment. The elements of the story are solid. In fact, there is a serious problem regarding the black market in antiquity. True! Good job! Robin Cook's novel I have not seen can be good for everyone. It was nice to see the name of Cyril Swern as the sound recorder in the film, because I knew him quite a long time ago. Stanley Kubrick's stepdaughter, Katharina, is described as a "draftsman". I wonder what it means? Maybe she did some work on the set. Either way, the antiques in the movie are actually quite good. And we can see a lot of the Cairo Museum and many picturesque places. In fact, they enter the tomb of King Tutankhamen! I can not imagine that it would be allowed today for a movie. Many unsuitable scenes take place in mosques. This will not go well today, but in 1981. Such things were not on the agenda. The music for the movie is absolutely terrifying, in fact worse than Lesley Anne Down! But there were elements of the soundtrack that were surprisingly authentic, one of them is the cacophony of street noise in Cairo, which is exactly mapped in the background, and would make anyone who knows Cairo giggle nervously. Speakers also call for prayer all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they do it right? It could be good.
