I agree with most of the comments I have seen in writing. I grew up watching Seseme Street before many people who wrote comments were even born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Seseme Street was introduced to television. The show taught me my numbers (count), spelling (Muppet) and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not quite understand why they had to change. I understand that everything must change in some way, but for a Cookie Monster to become a "vegetarian monster" that promotes healthy eating. The show introduced new characters and monsters from the very beginning, why not create a separate "vegetarian monster" that talks / discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But back to my point. I grew up watching the beginning of Seseme Street, my twenty-year-old daughter grew up, watching the SS with me next to her, and we talked about Mr. Hooper's death, although he died before her birth, and other topics on the exhibition. I saw this episode as an older child and I still remember how well they presented the event, just like in real life. And I'm sure he hit the cast extremely hard because all deaths and losses affect the family. You saw it at the exhibition and let parents and children discuss very difficult events. The performance spoke about traditional families, adoptive families and connected families. This is one of the few programs that discusses these scenarios. I now have a 5-year-old daughter who does not really watch the SS. I tried to watch the program several times, but it is not really what it once was. Elmo 1/2 hr with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, he does not teach anything. Is geared for less than 18 months (maybe) and is not even funny. I have always been proud of watching the SS as a child, teenager and adult with my own child. Now, during my second round, it's really hard for me to watch the SS. Topics that were discussed: death, marriage, nontraditional families, new in districts, moving out were related to children and adults in an easy way for 2-99 years to understand and refer to. Now there are no taught concepts, minimal counting, only sporadic mention of the alphabet. This is NOT the same SS, from the original observer of the series. PLEASE, if any producer from the exhibition reads these comments, return the show to his foundation. New concepts have never been a problem with the SS, they just had a better way of integrating them into the program.
