If you want to see a movie that terribly mixes one Latin country with any other Latin country, the Celestine Prophecy is a good example: 1. Peru, even in the most brutal times, did not show the police or the soldiers well in this film. This showed a country like El Salvador during the civil war. Because I am a Peruvian who lives in Lima (capital of Peru), it was too funny for me to see police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and you want (or need) to be a taxi driver, simply stick a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the windshield and you can freely ride the Peruvian streets (there are taxi companies, but their prices are quite expensive) . You do not need a yellow or black and white square bar on the door of the car. Well, the taxis in this movie have this band, something you'll never see in Peru. 3. Peruvians are not Caribbean-style clothing. For example, when a taxi driver leaves, he wore a "Guayaber" (a Cuban shirt), a white hat, and 40 mustache, like Clark Gable. No Peruvian man looks like this, please! Peru is not caribou! 4. The scene depicts a woman on the street with a fairly long skirt, like typical folk costumes in Latin America. Take a walk anywhere in Peru and you will never find a woman unless you watch a typical dance. 5. The cast could have been better: I can not deny that Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was Basque, his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is illiquid. This known Spanish is not his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could act as Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin policeman". It was so funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodríguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in Spanish class, making every effort to pronounce Spanish. Of course, to no avail. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. The "Peruvian" officer who proclaimed Cardinal Sebastián also spoke quite funny in Spanish. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (to name only two of the many Peruvian actors) who could perform with perfection. 6. I admit that a fictitious movie can afford a license to come up with cities and even countries. But please, be careful when creating a name when using a foreign language: the city presented in this video should be called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name and Viciente has never been used. 7. I do not agree with one user who claims that the film was shot in places in Peru. Not one place is Peruvian, although the production was used in seaside posters depicting "Inca Kola", Peruvian soda. Like few American movies, this one had to be used in every Latin country. In the end, for Latin American producers or directors, the Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he should arrive at the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, capital city). Actually, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, but a Peruvian airport. And of course, there are no military or police guards at Peruvian airports. 9. When this John occupies a room in a Peruvian hotel, he has a fan and of course no air-conditioner. Please, this is not happening at any hotel in Peru (and other Latin countries), unless you get a one-star hotel! 10. Rebels fighting the government are ... ¡Colombians! Their accent was undoubtedly from Colombia. To fill them, producers should hire Peruvian actors. In a few words it would be cheaper to film in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could continue with more examples from this movie, which led me to give him a "1" (horrible) voice, but I fell asleep about 20 minutes after it began. But dear producers: This is not a tragedy: there are many worse films with few mistakes. Recall "Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and the indescribable Disney "New emperor's groove". The list of bad movies can be infinite ...
