The film gives a rather condensed version of what the book contains, as far as I know, by doing some research and checking investigative facts, it is largely a fictional work. In fact, there are no ancient scrolls, and if the author were heavily pressed, I am sure he would have to admit that he never saw any scrolls in the ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "valuable" texts, written as usual by anonymous, were destroyed by the bad "hatred of truth" in the church and local self-governments. This is quite strange, because every year there are all kinds of New Age nonsense --- hundreds of books, dozens of films - and the Roman Catholic church does not seem to me hellly inclined to destroy the movement, which probably sees me, the total pot of the doody. I'm not a church fan, remember, but at least the ancient texts on which you base your faith are real. <br /> <br /> This is a typical model of cheaters and religious hucksters who claim to have seen or translated ancient documents that were unfortunately destroyed by "bad" people or, in the case of Joseph Smith, taken back to Heaven after translation. Therefore, actual texts can not be found in museums, such as Smithsonian, or in translations checked by specialists in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic and Aramaic. This is a scam. In a sense, I admire everyone who is smart enough to come up with a great idea and make millions on it, but I could not do it alone because I do not want to mislead more New Agey hokum. > <br /> Sometimes the real ancient text is hidden and lost for years. The Gospel of Judas, the Gnostic text, was discovered and after dating on coal and an urgent study of a text recognized by experts as authentic. The Gospel of Judas was described as heretical around 300 AD. No church documents of that time mention any Celestial prophecy as authentic, heretical or anything else. - but optimism in the Celestine Prophecy is based on fiction and lies and philosophy built on the foundation of lies, like a castle built on sand will fall. The raw, ugly, overpopulated, cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely than in the case of Horizon, than some utopian hippie commune in which love and peace are everything! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if they are clean, and you can earn millions. Celestine Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. It is a pity that it is a castle built on sand. Do not get me wrong. I want God, the Vision of the Celestines was a reality, but not. No ancient philosophy has ever expressed the ideas given in the Insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution that goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until the evolution of Darwininan became known. This means that the ideas in the Prophets of the Celestines can not be older than those of the nineteenth century and not return to the early period of B.C.E or near Jesus of Nazareth. This type of New Agers claim is not unusual at all. Wiccans say they have magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" goes back to the Stone Age, when in fact no Book of Shadows ever existed before Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 20th century and was Aleister Crowley's buddy. <br /> <br /> The New Age Guru tell lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients wore the absurdities that the Guru proclaims today. Why do they do what they do, they commit such deceptions? Simple: there are millions of dollars, and the modern Guru gains power over his followers. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition, despite their claims to love all things. Every bitter New Age group is opposed to another. It's a fight for your minds and wallets. <br /> <br /> But learn from me one thing that is similar to one of the insights, learn to follow your own instincts and seek guidance from within. I agree with all my heart.
