Disney has now prepared sequels straight to the video for many of its animated features. Two of them were made for their 1991 classic "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not really sequels, because both are placed between the events of the first movie. The first of these two films straight from the movie was "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems to be disliked by many fans of his theatrical predecessor, but I think that you can usually expect from the sequels. However, the latter, "Belle's Magical World", is definitely worse. <br /> <br /> The film contains three short stories, all of which take place when Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the charm of a sorceress. The first is "The Perfect Word", where the misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast leads to trouble and none of them wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where the fifth anniversary of Fifi and Lumiere is approaching, and Lumiere is unprepared, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere having an affair with Belle and thinks they are really in love. The movie ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, Belle deals with a bird with a broken wing, but the bird in the castle will probably mean trouble if the Beast finds out because he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The description of the story, which I gave, concerns the original version of the VHS of the third Disney movie "Beauty and the Beast". Apparently, the DVD version added another story called "Impreza pani Potts", but I only saw the original version. However, because I doubt very much that one story stands out as a classic for the rest, I do not see the point of watching a special edition. Anyway, the first thing I will say about the "Magic World of Belle" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we are used to from Disney, which would obviously fail many people. I did not like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but you certainly can not say the same about his animation. I am sure that the stories in "Belle's Magical World" can entertain many children (I think mainly those younger), and each story has a moral character, so they can also teach them valuable lessons. However, adult film really does not have much. Personally, I did not find any good humor in it, I found that the constant conflict between Belle and the Beast became tiresome, and the stories in no way impressed me in any way (they are not very well written). In "Perfect Word" the way Belle tells the beast: "You are behaving rudely ... and stupid!" Is a bit tacky and I think there are many other bad moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> By the time this first movie was released, I was about eleven or twelve. I do not know what I would think of it then, because until then I lost interest in Disney and it would take years before I could regain my interest. Even when this movie was released for the first time, I think I was a little out of the age group I was directed to. I have never seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" until a few months ago, but unlike this movie, I've never even heard about it, I think just after watching the first part of the 1991 Disney hit. Well, as much as I like the theatrical original, I would not miss much if I had never realized the existence of this film. For young children, I am sure that the "Belle's Magic World" can be very funny and probably a bit educational with their customs, but I do not recommend it for adult Disney fans.
