That's right! On average below 9 years, but maybe under 12 years for some others! I was 11 when I originally saw it on video, and with such a youth I was not able to see cheesy cartoon or the fact that these classic characters that we all loved are not the same or so good to see. Here, almost everything is so 2D! Belle is, I agree, not even beautiful, but just looking like a simple woman with dark skin, wears the same bright blue dress all along with not one charming dress, the wardrobe has to say the smallest, annoying - my ears can bleed if I had to listen to her everyday! Lumiere, both in the original and festive edition, was elegant and elegant, but here she is a woman, a song! Cogsworth, despite being a senseless housekeeper he's known for, is the complete and most unbearable figure I would say! It always seems that he has closed this unbearable slice of his very difficult piece and whose dial should have been used to go back in time to an unforgettable movie in this series! Poor, poor Mrs. Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses), but by Anne Rogers, who did not capture any of Mrs Potts's characters, no offense! No, if she does everything in her power! When the beast roars, it sounds so frightening that there are no additional roars, snarls or snarls through the microphone. I realize that this is only the third function after two other films, so of course it would not be so good, but I'm sure that more contribution would not hurt Disney artists who have actually achieved such amazing animation styles over the years. I'm guessing it's okay and I watch it sometimes, but only when it suits me. It is difficult to recommend reading this, because it depends on how old you are, but remember that it will not be what you can expect from earlier spectacular movies! And to think that in my movie, the text on the back cover says "boasts great animation"! This is a nice little flutter, but on the one hand it is also very weak, and secondly, these 3 words should be saved for the re-release of the original!
