SPOILER WARNING: There are several smaller spoilers in this overview. Do not read this except the first paragraph if you plan to see a movie. <br /> <br /> Disney Channel currently has a policy of making multiple movies and showing them every month on the cable channel. Most of them are average and colorless, have a few good elements, but it is still a disappointment ("Phantom in Megaplex", "Stepsister From Planet Weird", "Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century"). Every now and then they're doing something really, really great (`Genius, '` The Other Me'). But once in a while the Disney Channel makes a huge mistake and gives us a real smelly one. This month (December 2000) the movie "The Ultimate Christmas Present" appeared in Disney Channel, which I thought was horrible due to poor writing and inferior acting. Apparently "The Brainiacs.com" was fired a few days before Christmas to jump on holiday, because the plot is related to toys. They even paid for the function in the TV Guide, so I thought it must be better than the norm. I was in shock. Only "Model Disney behavior" was worse than that. <br /> <br /> The plot was more strenuous than usual. I usually let this slide, but here it just goes too far. Matthew Tyler is very ill with a widowed father who spends most of his time at work. His father is the owner of a small toy factory, which took out large loans in a meticulous bank to stay afloat. Time and again, his father must skip the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Mateusz decides that the only way he can spend time with his dad is whether he will become the boss and make him stay at home. He gets the idea to create a website where children around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister invents. This whole concept is full of errors. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens a bank account of his own company and buys most of his father's shares. He is a secret boss, but he does not disclose it to his dad, but instead presents himself at board meetings as a computer animated picture. This picture is so complicated (and funny) that it can not be created at home, let alone someone who is as stupid as Mateusz. To shoot a long storyline, Matthew orders his father to spend more time playing and doing things with his children, but a federal agent comes in asking about Matthew because it's a scam. <br /> <br /> There is so much wrong here. As already mentioned, the things that they do here are impossible even for real geniuses that these children do not have. A website, a comic image, a computer chip, even things they learn at school, are too advanced for them. Acting most actors, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. DeLuise's house plays the owner of a bad bank, but part of it is expelled. He has one good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows that he has the ability to act), in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is wasted on the little role of the judge. It is even offensive and unjustified for anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are hard topics. These themes appear in many of The Disney Channel's films, but these ultraconservative messages have never been hit so hard before. The typical idea of ​​"overworking a parent" is really strongly pushed, and after delivering it incorrectly in "The Ultimate Christmas Present", seeing it again feeds my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this never-ending teaching, because work is also important for keeping an efficient family. With the exception of canceling work due to work, my father did not turn out to be that bad, but I found it offensive when my grandmother told him: "I do not like what I see." It is just as bad to proclaim the idea that all single parents MUST marry if they want to raise their children well. Come to Alexandra Paul, whose character, although important for the story, is solely the father's love interest. This offensive only proves that Disney's brain lacks brains to avoid scraping from the bottom of the barrel of the Disney script. Instead of letting this movie teach children to make serious scams, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It must be better than this. Zantara score: 1 in 10.
