Not decided. Extensive NO. This movie is an absolute dud. <br /> <br /> After a friend told me this "something like that", I watched the movie with some expectation that I would be informed, changed, moved, changed, exalted and all other positive mystical things that can to happen to me when I suddenly see the Truth. It may sound like someone who is already predisposed to buy anything related to the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I try to be open to every presentation, and then make the right decisions. <br /> <br /> As for the content, the only thing that I found slightly interesting and informative was a bit about peptides, emotions, addiction and cellular receptors. It was the only "unifying" element that I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the document circulated around several topics and never seemed to unite and associate, try to tie up and get to the point. And what was it about the fact that Native Americans could not see the ships Columbus came to? Who told the "authorities" in this film that it happened in 1492? Where are they also there? If they compared it to scientific work done in visual cognition (for example, the famous gorilla movie, visit the Visual Cognition Lab at the University of Illinois website), it can be a more convincing point. Here, however, it seemed that this unsupported mystical mumbo-jumbo. <br /> <br /> As a movie: it was not one movie, only two. I think the documentary part is a bit interesting, just to hear people say what they were talking about (I was irritated that their credentials were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they said, at least in the beginning!) But I found "Story" part of the movie with Matlin in this annoying, chaotic, intrusive, unrelated and even stupid. This piece about the Polish wedding with this dance was not at all funny. It was funny, funny, sophisticated and stupid. And I found the use of the offensive of the word "Pollack". It seemed so out of place and bad. Is this usage okay because a member of the group uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because he is a member of the group? It may be okay, but it did not seem like it was here. In any case, I do not care about the reason that offended me, Pole. I never call myself or refer to my ethnicity as "Pollack". And I certainly do not like it when others do it. Can I watch or listen to a bigoted conversation in which this term is used? Betcha! But again, it does not seem to be like that. It just seemed out of place. Unprovocked, unmitigated. <br /> <br /> Acting was terrible. Elaine Hendrix's performance was totally unbelievable. Sometimes it seemed that she was reading her poems that she was given. Marlee Matlin seemed to sleep most of the time. Perhaps she was surprised by the material. I know I was. If she were to portray a disappointed drug addicted to a bad drug, it just did not seem to click. But by far the worst in the world was Hendrix! In total, I found this chaotic, malfunctioning piece of the class trap.
