It seems that the creators of the film had a problem with deciding what their message really is. Therefore, they had even more problems with its delivery. They began with weakly describing the principles of quantum physics that relate to subatomic particles. After establishing an indistinct picture of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, they presented a barrage of talking heads who built a case of funny logic that says that every living person is a being who follows the same quantum principles in a cosmic scale. Later, there was a lot of ideas on which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins made a career: positive thinking, breaking bad patterns, always looking at the bright side, etc. Then came a bit about how our brains can change our bodies by producing proteins: hormones, which we choose more or less. If you're sad, you'll create sad proteins. If you're happy, you'll create happy proteins. It's so easy, right? Woven into our lessons, we follow the fictitious life of Amanda, a photographer who ejects antidepressants and hates her thighs. The creators of the film slowly but surely tried to convince us all to say: "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why can not he cheer up? Of course, because the world is an evil place, where there is crime, poverty and religion, that's why. The end of the film (which is basically the entire other half) has brought a barrier of contradiction. We are all part of all energy in which we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are many of us because of different dimensions, but we can choose who we are and we have the goal of doing good, but not he has god because there is nothing better than us, so there is no such thing as good and evil, so there is no such thing as a reward or punishment, so nothing good ever came out of religion, but we should do good anyway, although there is not something such as bad and good, because there is no one who would decide what it is, except for the fact that each of us can make life good if we all meditate and then stop the crime, and if we say nice things, our water will freeze in nice shapes. Still with me? Good, because there are more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science", the entire meditative experiment conducted by John Hagelin in Washington was a farce, the numbers were documented, and the murder rate was higher this year, which a year or more later. And what about your positive attitude, thanks to which you are young and healthy? It was a message from an elderly man who looked over his age and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> Does it work or not? I was lucky to see a movie in the theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors of the film (yes, three) asked questions after the performance. My name is lucky, because I had firsthand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. A few questions asked by members of the audience made her so uncomfortable that her husband, the chiropractor, had to step in and recite the answer. In the end, I had to leave when the discussion inevitably turned into a political one, and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, began to speculate about how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see the film.
