It was a bad movie, with a lot of non-sense and too many loose ends to count. I watched the movie just because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made an episode in it, and I still watched it because as a girl I love every movie that contains male nudity for change. Later, I was wondering how much more ridiculous this story might be and every time I became ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (handsome Chris L. McKenna, who I've never seen before - but I LOVED his little nude scene) makes ends meet as a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt from "Cheers "). Thinking that he got more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet with performer Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, stereotypically evil guy). Ray is examined by an accountant from City Hall (Ron Livingston in an episode in which I was in love from "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray ends up offering Sean $ 13,000 apparently desperate cash to kill the accountant, and Sean takes the job. Sean follows the accountant whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) finds it attractive, completes the blow and goes - taking with him the information file against Ray. Sean quickly learns that he was used, that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the file as leverage to get money. <br /> <br /> Up to now this is downward traffic ... generally watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their crew kidnapped Sean to force him to get information about the file, he just became dumber and stupid (and still DUMBER ...) until it seemed like the movie's writer, Charlie Higson, he broke away from the 10-day hangover and realized that he must desperately come up with a way to end the series of implausible messes he created before the deadline. Without describing the film in detail, let's say that in every single scene that you watch after being kidnapped, you feel that you are breathing "what a fuck K!", Surprised by the continuous nonsense, when Sean follows a graphical and vulgar path towards redemption. In the end, there are so many loose ends in the movie that you start to regret that you even saw it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should only watch when you hit the cable, and you should have enough beer and friends to mock the movie to its full value. This is to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to indulge in a movie when you have "Norm" with "Cheers" and Baldwin's brother doing a dirty job, and a kidnapping strategy that really makes no bloody sense. Guys will love scenes of violence, blood and guts, as well as absolutely unnecessary sex scenes and shots with boob. The girls will enjoy the handsome shot of Sean's crotch in the mainstream movie, when they are almost always girls who are pulled down in the film. Personally, I hate that the only actor worth watching more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is only the first third of the movie.
