Oh, how come we have a dud; a film so bad that your mind will wonder and go away on other things because it wastes your time with unpleasant production values; stereotypes of the form of the worst and racist genus since D.W. Griffith described the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as a "yellow man"; characters so unimaginable and not engaging that it is difficult to see them, as well as a narrative that revolves in such a slow, stupid and senseless pace that you will challenge the very people who say they like this movie. <br /> <br /> Honor Prizzi is a film that ends with an absolute postmodern catastrophe in every possible way. The film is a chaotic and pointless disaster in which the director is John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson are staring and everyone is filling in gaps as silly stereotypes or supporting characters that occasionally cry on the phone or fight the main character. Prizzi's Honor is a film belonging to the neo-noir genre, comedy, romance, action, gangster and general crime? this collaboration with the director and cast should be enough to lead her through a story; some kind of good scenes; some kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something else, but not? what we get is a nasty and ugly movie that does not spin at all. <br /> <br /> I will give you some examples of how trashy the movie is. First of all, the movie thinks it's a love story and thinks about it for about an hour of its time: MY time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is an assassin who kills people for the family he works for in New York, yet he resembles his character from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest more than an international hitman. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another killer, and they agree with it, but as it turns out a weak excuse for the plot, it seems that everything is fine. I read that the plot of the film is: "A professional hitman and a hit woman fall in love to discover that each of them has been hired to kill the other." Well, yes, that's true, but the actual revelation lasts only about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partana like someone from IQ 60: walks; seemingly watching and talking loudly about the things she sees; says he's either drunk or has a more serious problem from inside, and what's worse, we never feel he's a killer? one really poorly scored the assassination at the beginning (which is actually happening off the screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is hard, the best of the best, international hits. <br /> <br /> So with the main character who is unpleasant and unrealistic, we go to the script. The first hour and a half is just a dead film zone in which you can suggest traces of life only bad conventions: Partanna is hitting on the phone or personally asking the same things over and over again: "Am I marrying her? ; Do I love her? What is love? What should I do? "And it becomes so repetitive that it is not even able to act as a good mood. This twin with whom he always talked on the phone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by the daughter of director John; who had absolutely no purpose on the story and seemed to be there for laughter, just like the scene in which he tells his father about how she slept with Partanna and loved it? What made me wonder if it was supposed to be funny? Should I laugh? The film gave the impression of an intelligent mafia painting, which along with his initial wedding scene (ala The Godfather) and subsequent scenes with a touch of noir as gangsters, police men and assassins, was introduced to the film. But what we get is something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around a plan to kidnap; true, love and romance are solved? maybe the film will start again. I was so wrong: with more heroes who are constantly talking very slowly and deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene involving a guy coming out of his office: this scene sums up the movie. Everything is briefly planned, and then made in a hard and stupid way that makes it look cheesy. We do not see them coming to any dramatic music; perhaps they must go through security to get to the elevators; maybe they have to watch out for civilians when they're hiding in their chosen places, and when is this accidental woman getting out of the elevator and shooting? the scene is not even correctly edited. A bit of tension, some drama: "Do I shoot or not?"; maybe some slow motion, how does the character have to draw quickly before it's too late? anything except how it was made. Prizzi's Honor continues his monotonous and uninteresting decency in film obscurity, approaching the culmination. It's a movie in which cameras are reflected in the windows; the lights are reflected on the sides of the cars, and the "dead" chauffeurs blink as they nudge. Honor Prizzi is a mixed-up and messy movie that will try every filmmaker's patients and will not say it was a comedy because I did not laugh at it? This is another matter. The film is repetitive, stretched and colorless in its vision and the range of originality - there is no honor here.
