After watching the NORTHERN OFFER I am still convinced that the first decent movie about (teenage) witches has yet to be made. I did not think too much about THE CRAFT and I'm not at CHARMED either. The only movie that more or less enjoyed (about teenage witches) was SMALL CZAROWNICY (1996), and even this one was not very good. But the changes are such that if you liked all the previously mentioned films, you will also like MIDNIGHT offers. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a stupid and bad movie from the 80's about teenage witches in high school. But I was rather surprised that this whole movie plays it quite seriously. Acting is decent and serious all the time. Teens or something do not play jokes. And at first glance, it seemed to me that it was quite good. He added a bit of terror, as well as something "classic" with the use of dangerous violins and everything. But as the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the score was too ambitious. They did not have to add these dangerous violins when you just see someone who backs up the car and then drives away at normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason I saw this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a rather pleasant, fat (and sometimes silly) slasher-film, which she made in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERS. And I must say that she was very good as an ice-cold Evil Witch Vivian. But the main problem with the film: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes death and an accident, yes, but that's all. Then there is Robin, a good witch who is just learning about her powers. And we expect both of them to use their powers more than once, but only on one occasion they use their powers to let some pieces of wood and other things fly through the air as missiles. It was supposed to be a fight between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular show between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, burning eyes or anything else ... but nothing happens. In the end, confrontation takes place, but it is a great disappointment. <br /> <br /> So the acting of the two witches was good. The musical result was decent (though too ambitious). And the pictures were sometimes dark and moody. But this is not a good movie yet, right?
