There is nothing particularly original about this corrupt relationship on the one hand and the "main advocate" on the other. Raw, but unimaginable lighting and photography result from the shot of the noir cycle. This story could be from the Warner Brothers drawer with George Raft at the helm. Performances are routine, flat, and even a complete dressing. (The alley is shown by a single plastered wall of a simulated brick with one poster on it, the poster says "Post No Bills"). We present the story and some characters by a sinister narrator who informs us that although most trade unions work hard and honestly to develop the causes of their members, some are corrupt. But we do not really know much about trade unions or how they work, although I suppose they were a fair game after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years earlier. Here is just a peg to hang a story. The true leader of the ring is a lawless lawyer who manages the affairs of three or four thugs. The District Attorney (or whatever he is) learns, like Dana Andrews in the "Boomerang", that the wrong man (Dick Foran) is accused of murder and spends the rest of the film almost alone, digging Foran's evidence of innocence. He fights in fists and shoots like any inexpensive private movie. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is D.A. He showed some insinuating expressions of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time speaking quietly and looking at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a nice remix, but he can not make a good drunk. Beverley Garland is okay, but he is undermined by the direction in which he is staring at the nightclub when she should be stealth. The rest of the cast would be suitable for a TV series. <br /> <br /> And no one is supported by writing. When the "B girl" is to be sent by the trade union to the Philippines, someone advises her to only learn a few words of Spanish. "I only know one word," says "Si. Yes". Writers did not trust the audience that 'si' in Spanish means 'yes'. The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits the witness in her apartment above the night club. He enters the door and thrusts his weapon into his back, but he outwit the heavy man and knocks it over. Then he orders someone to call the police. The rest of the scene, played to a certain extent in the nightclub downstairs, forgets about the police and never appears, nor expects anyone. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to be ashamed of, and some people can enjoy it, but there is something similar, better to do somewhere else.
