A group of hunters are tracking a werewolf, killing him, decapitating, and then selling his head to the unethical Dr. Atwill (played by the director / writer Tim Sullivan) who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Researcher chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid hit his face during an explosion in the laboratory, is an unlucky recipient of the werewolf's eyes. Before the first full moon begins, we need some time, so first we get a delicate love story between Rich and his compassionate nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she takes off her clothes and starts to ride God in bed before she even takes off her bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich returns home to the ice-cold wife of Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately tells him, "You look pretty ugly" before speeding up in her Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not only a bitch, but an adulterous villain who has an affair with her alleged friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). In the end, the full moon rises and Rich is in a hairy situation when it transforms into a (very stupid) werewolf. A predictable slaughter is predicted. <br /> <br /> After breaking Craig's throat on the beach, Rich wakes up in the bushes the next morning with garments of tattered and indistinct memories of the events of the evening. He befriends the dwarf psychologist / occultist expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is harassed both by the local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and the lesbian-police-detective-in-pants Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). When Rich meets Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends his sadistic bald henchler Kass (Eric Mestressat), who gets a kick from the dismembered corpse with a machete in the clinic. With Sonda's help, Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him back to his seat and basically rapes him on the couch during a long sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure for her before he gets more victims? <br /> <br /> This home movie with a werewolf, made with a cheaper camera, has a somewhat unique assumption with an eye transplant angle, but after the cloak it draws out a stereotype. Sets are at a lower porn level - clinical scenes seem to be filmed in someone's home or flat. Scenes of wolf transformation do not even look as good as stop-motion photography from the 40's. Instead, they use jagged editing. Throw your hair at the actor. Cut. Drop some more. Cut. More fur ... and fill his mouth with a full white gang that he can spit out. Cut. You do not have to worry about continuity! There is no fading, no dissolution, nothing. It's quite messy. After a full transformation, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and made the movie) is quite awful. He has red, glowing, Christmas bulb eyes, fur looking like a shaggy rug and a plastic face that is almost completely still. A few times you can see the cameraman's fingers in front of the camera lens and does the moon really stay full five nights in a row? As for the cast, they are amateurish, but bearable. And when it comes to horror film B, it's worse there. This one is quite well-composed, it only has 70 minutes and provides a lot of red things during the attack scenes, as well as the previously mentioned T & A from Mrs. Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was produced by David S, Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to survive a digital video wave when he first began to dominate the low / mid-horror genre of the horror genre late 90's. Many of his notoriously horrible productions were released by Brain Damage Films, a label that mostly avoided plague. Guy from Fx Jeff Leroy (who is listed as a co-director here in IMDb, but not in real credits) and Vinnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) went to make this more fun and refined exploitation flick WEREWOLF IN A WOMEN'S PRISON in 2006, who had a supposedly looking creature (red glowing eyes and everything).
