This adaptation, like "The Heiress" from 1949, is based on the novel by Henry James. * The Heiress *, starring Olivia de Havilland, remains a respected work, although less faithful to James' original story than the new remake that retains the original title of James. This is the story of an awkward and at the same time loving daughter (Leigh), dedicated to her father (Finney) after the death of her mother during childbirth. The arrogant father does not value his daughter and considers her, like all women, to be simple. When a young man (Chaplin) from a good family and a small fortune comes to courtship, the father is naturally suspicious, but feeling so confident that his daughter can not interest any man, he is convinced that this young man is a hunter of fortune and forbids her to go see. Leigh is a controversial actress ?? most love her or hate her? and she always has a particular anxiety and tension in her style, as if she was acting through clenched teeth. Is it not bad at it and copes with its role relatively well? it's just an awkward role for every actress, making the audience want to grab the character by the shoulders and shake it until he regains consciousness. While the character gathers a lot of sympathy, it is not particularly nice. Very handsome and extremely appealing Ben Chaplin (previously known in * The Truth About Cats and Dogs *) plays his role with the exact amount of secret required for the audience to guess whether he is after her fortune, or really is in love with her. Maggie Smith is one of the best actresses alive and significantly raises the level of the movie thanks to the portrait of a good aunt. Finney is of course wonderful as a father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for disobedience, but the daughter is ready to risk it for the man she loves. But does her zealous pretender still want her without a fortune? This is just one case where * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another example is the ability to stick to it. It is a handsome movie that is as boring as a dripping tap, offering too few stories in a long film.
