Edwin Porter's short film from 1903 entitled "The Great Train Robbery" appears on the screen with so much excitement and ingenuity that he is preparing for the next pioneer film. Like "A Trip to the Moon" Melies, the critics considered it a movie that introduced the western genre into contemporary cinema. In my eyes they were right. He had everything from planning, real train robbery, murder of an unwanted civilian, to the approaching final scene, which makes you realize that these villains mean business? everything was monumental for its time. From then on to Eastwood, every western filmmaker used Porter's picture in one form or another to create his own story. It can not be said that this film did not open the door, but the fight comes from history itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but apart from his initial excitement? you really have nothing to grab. Perhaps I am bored with stereotypical contemporary westerns and their random news, but how can something be trivial before it becomes trivial? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" seemed forced, undetectable and unexpected. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Rabies change the course of the train, rob him, and then shoot random people to prove that they are real villains, and the final scene ends like any predestined movie, with no surprises or faults, and this looming man with a gun to your proverbial face. It is bland. Porter's film is boring. In the edition I was watching, the color at the end was added to emphasize emotions that seemed cheap and were not encouraging for the filmmaker or the viewer. The problem is that although it is important, Porter's film has been borrowed many times, and in the end it has become diluted. The story itself has no emotional power that it once had. Unlike the early Melies movie, I can not watch it again. I know what happened, I know that there is very little behind the scenes and that this is what has been planned in the end? a simple story leading from point A to point B to point C. This issue is not only my problem with this film, but also the strongest element that can be seen in such an early movie. Although he was boring, the fact that he told such a strong narrative? that our characters were characters with motives and drives, it was amazing. In an era where feature films seemed mainstream, it broke form. Again, not that I jump on the prophetic fashion about this film? is this an important movie? it's just not a great movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I wanted to jump into this movie to see where the roots of the western genre are rooted, but I was equally happy that I left this film behind me. Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson apparently succeeded in the field he created, but I just was not thrilled with the movie. I did not expect big budget effects such as Melies, nor did I expect a duplicate "A Trip to the Moon", but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt that Porter played safely, if you could say it with such an early movie, but I could not feel the excitement when our villains were doing their wrong deeds. I did not support anyone, and the final conclusion proved that his kitsch passed several minutes after the beginning of the film. It was pioneering, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" lost space in the cinema time capsule. <br /> <br /> Class: ** with *****
