There are no reasons to take this document as serious and there are four reasons: <br /> <br /> 1) People who created this document (including the director and producer) are Serbs or Serbs, therefore the neutrality criteria fail. For example, they mentioned that the diaspora of Croats (the so-called "Ustaza") played a huge role in the collapse of Yugoslavia, but did not mention that there are equal Serbian organizations (Cetnik)! For you who are not familiar with the history of the Balkans from World War II: the Serbian so-called "Cetniki", which were presented in the document as so nice that they helped the British paratroopers during the war. This is only half the truth. They were also a fascist group (Monarch), which cooperated with the Germans, but then went to the side when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that they do not mention the leader of Cetnik Mihajlovic in the documentary, about the man who is responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages in Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned some Ante Pavelic ... Um ... Let me be a bit suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the respondents are completely unknown to me. I studied this war for a long time (who is the old British lady !!!) She really did not do her homework!) And they are not even represented by their names, so they could be more or less someone, maybe someone they took from the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary, they talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs have lived there for centuries, and should therefore belong to Serbia (even if they are a minority). Well, when they mention the Serbian dominated by Croatia (Krajina), suddenly the Serbs are portrayed as having the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Well, but people do not know that the largest city in Krajin (Knin) has great historical significance for the Croatian people. It is here that one of the most famous Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned, which is why the city has historical value for Croatia. The Serbs came almost 800 years later! But no, Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the document. Is it alright? For me it looks like a double standards of morality from the director. In addition, the document says that the Croatian constitution did not contain any rights regarding minority rights, this is a lie, because it was one of the first implemented regulations BECAUSE the fact that Croatia had a huge Serb minority. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical Croatian paramilitary leader named Glavas. Or a Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a huge reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radical, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention Serbian radical paramilitary leaders such as Seselj and Arkan? The disadvantages are so numerous that I have just introduced a few of them so that people can view the document. It seems that the people who created this document were not well prepared and did not dare to criticize the Serbs because they were afraid that their Serbian relatives would slap them or something. There are not too many documentaries of good quality, but so far the best is "Death of Yugoslavia", in which all important war participants talk (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic, etc.) and where you get the whole 5 hour explanation regarding the fall of Yugoslavia and war. <br /> <br /> One more thing. I saw a commentary on this documentary in which the person was frustrated, why the US supported the country (Bosnia) who had contacts with Bin Laden during the war. First of all, all countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents, and because Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (formerly they were called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on something other than nationality to raise the spirit among people, by combining them with the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they took advantage of the mujahedin's help because no one else supported them. They had to fight the fourth largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite people during the war. History has shown it to us.
