This is the worst Presley vehicle in history that would bring us closer to the worst film ever made. This is measurably worse than even the rebelling song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It Happened At The World Fair", and here I thought that at this point Elvis buys all the balloons seller for his girlfriend, and then the balloon seller gets jiggy to the marching band he was the epitome of bad cinema and could not be beaten. I usually enjoy the Elvis accidental movement, if for no other reason than the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to sit. This one should be called "Live a Little, Wish You Were Dead a Little" and makes "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a hippie photographer, with the exception of the Establishment hairstyle. After a fun morning of reckless driving, he goes to the beach, where he is kidnapped by a woman whose name changes depending on the scene and who talks to her. Apparently Michele Carey was chosen because of her similarity and her ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if I watched it without my glasses, I would have thought that Liz played a feminine role in the late 1960s). His dog's sics on Elvis until he falls into the water and catches a comfortable film pneumonia and then keeps him out of his beach pads for so long that he loses his job and housing, so he moves his things to her home before he he wakes up without even telling him (the audience does not know it until Elvis wants to go back to work, and his boss beat him for no reason, except that he deserves it for making this film, and tries to get back home and finds some hateful woman in slip living in his house). <br /> <br /> Instead of arresting her for kidnapping, theft and assault, she goes out and gets two jobs to pay off the rent back, for which Miss Crazy Pants had to jump stealing all his stuff. Work first works for Don Porter in a Playboy type store, the second job is top work for Rudy Vallee in a snobbish magazine. I think two-month shuffle is supposed to be a comedy, it's a pity that it's not a bit funny, unless you'd laugh for the hundredth time, when you saw someone running up the stairs at a fast pace to stupid music. The overwhelming obstacle that prevents Greg from capturing the kidnapper is her other love interest, Dick Sargent, terribly ill-equipped (let's face it, Porter or Vallee, even considering their advanced age in 1968, would create much more credible competitors for Miss Crazy) feelings). <br /> <br /> There are many uninteresting and obscene twists and turns, I've been waiting for something, everything that happened, to make all this sense. It never was like that. Entertainment takes about three minutes and consists of the Elvis version of "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on a CD without this painful movie given to me) and a funny five-second piece, in which Elvis flops on the couch and Crazy Pants apparently dismantled it, so it flies to pieces when it lands on it. It's all, people, destroyed furniture, the only laugh in this whole movie. No fashion clothing from the sixties, music or decor can save this stinking sky and should be avoided at all costs. Watching this can cause an unnatural desire on the part of the audience to self-harm serious injury.
