When I was seventeen, I really believed that Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and not only wanted to see all 31 of his films about "characters", but my ambition was also to own them. What an extremely bad excuse for a seventeen year old that I had to have. Fortunately, the sense won and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. <br /> <br /> The focus of attention was recently, because the remixed version of the top song A Little Less Conversation was released as a single. (His first reached the top ten in the UK in 22 years? His first number 1 in Britain at the age of 25) Even when I was seventeen and seriously needed psychiatric help, I realized that the songs for this movie were not exactly first. However, A Little Less Conversation - rollnecks and 60s groove as side - is a real distinguishing feature. Finding a less known song, which only a few people are aware of promotion to the mainstream, evokes a mix of emotions. It is nice to see faith in a confirmed song, but it is also saddened by the breakup of your private cult. (And what chauvinistic lyrics too. Although what other Elvis song contains the word "procrastinate"?) <br /> <br /> But what really bothers me in this film is not a little less conversation, but 84 minutes that they surround her. Actually based on the novel (Kiss My Firm But Pliant Lips - what would it be a lame novel?) This one sees a bored Elvis with a comedy dog ​​and a nymph. Within 90 seconds of meeting, Michele Carey asks "would you like to make love to me?" I am sure you will quickly agree to all standards. <br /> <br /> It seems that I remember that some early Elvis films - especially Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not bad, but they are just identical shoemakers from the mountains. Launching work in a newspaper can lead to a five-minute karate fight with a few nuts, which causes that the stack of highways is good for laughter, and the models dress like pink mermaids. There is even a sequence of dreams for God's sake. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype he does not meet is that there are not so many songs. With only four to choose from, including the number of credits, you wait an average of 22 minutes between songs. Some movies would be boring because they would have too many melodies, but here they could help suppress the pain. Of the other three tracks, The Edge of Reality is not really bad, although Elvis's dance must definitely be called "The Bear Trap". <br /> <br /> In a way, a PG movie from 1968, which is shockingly high in terms of sexual content. Unfortunately, with the talking dogs, the values ​​of the sitcom from Central America and the hardest dance you will ever see, Elvis' dignity is obliterated by this film.
