The day has finally come when I was able to witness the fate of Azumi as a murderer, realize her character and ultimately try to draw me deeper into a world that so mercilessly coddled during the first saga. <br /> <br /> It's as poetic as I will say when I talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I crouched over the heavy sentiment of the House of Flying Daggers and complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto presenting the blood-killer, watching Azumi 2 I started to appreciate the aforementioned deficiencies more than ever before. <br /> <br /> Not only the determination of each killer seems slow and uninspiring, but also many important elements were omitted in the whole experience. In Azumi 1, we've seen killer use different hiding tactics (which is their number one priority), as well as logic that facilitates working with their characters thanks to quick executions and faster escape abilities. But I will not keep it too much in this film, because this time the story is slightly improved and many other obstacles are planted in the Azumi way, to prevent it from reaching the warlord and showing any signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is stupidly put on most of the movie and basically plays a subdued version of Go Go, ignoring cool weapons and a sense of danger. <br /> <br /> This leads me to the final blow, which is an action, simply masked in the title as a page of the "death" of the epic. In the first half of the movie, we see the debut of many promising opponents with brilliant looks and even more brilliant weapons. No wonder they meet in one way or another, but the movie does not go out when everyone dies too fast and too easily. In Azumi, 1 young assassins outnumbered the opposition with quick but somewhat rewarding battles, and the last battle between Azumi and Bijomaru compared to the Azumi 2 fights was at least peak and worth the effort. Some interesting effects were introduced, but they were not able to achieve innovation due to the shortness of each meeting. I do not overwhelm the conventional style of samurai movies in their fast and realistic battles, but the characters in both Azumi movies were so ingenious and straight from the anime that the rules could be broken and the action should be even more enriched. br /> <br /> The romance page of Azumi is to fill the time between battle scenes and, unfortunately, it does not serve any purpose, nor does it provide the much-needed resolution. <br /> <br /> As a fan with an open mind for a wide range of movies and animations, I will not lie and admit to my neutrality and nonimpression of the first Azumi movie, but I will take a step forward and say that after watching Azumi 2, the original it was created to look like an immaculate masterpiece. For what's worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could go straight to the video, with its invisibly richer budget and unsuccessful potential to add or even expand to the bumpy journey of desperate killers, doing everything to restore peace, unwavering courage to die trying.
