I thought that the film (especially the plot) requires a lot of work. The elements of the film remain Westernized and untrue in relation to the attempt to create an Eastern style in the film. I will give you three of the many disadvantages of the movie: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help her study China's history, I was really happy that the audience would get some information about China's history; but it turns out that the film did not show exactly Wendy who is studying Chinese history; but instead, the film shows Wendy a practicing method of remembering what she studied, which frustrated and frightened me. <br /> <br /> Secondly, what really troubled me was how the characters mentioned the moon cakes - the Moon satisfies this and the moon dries up and how it tastes. However, they did not really mention the real meaning of this phenomenon. The only thing they talked about that had any meaning for the lunar pie was the Autumn Festival, which they did not explain or explored. They could mention myth, which correlates with the moon cake - the Moon Lady. The myth begins with how ten suns once existed, each one rotating up, but one day all ten suns arose, drying up the earth with growing intense heat; so the Divine Archer, Hou Yi, shot nine of ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions in which Hou Yi shot eight of the nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he received a pill of immortality so that he could live forever if ten suns would rise again, but his wife, Chang-O, stole him. After the theft, she fled to the moon, where she met a hare. Then she came up with the idea and told the hare to put the pill in many pieces so she could spread the pill all over the earth, giving everyone immortality. (There are several varieties of this story, but I've heard about this version throughout my childhood for most of the time). I thought that such details would make the story more focused on Chinese culture. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would like to point out is the last battle scene of the movie. Teachers possessed by monks fought against the Terra-cotta Warriors (life-giving statues of soldiers), against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is for the Chinese. Terra-cotta Warrors serves as a combination of the past of China and was very westernized (where evil must be killed in any event possible) that the monks in the films were ready to destroy this connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, given that she was Chinese and did not have full Chinese knowledge, she had no problem destroying these priceless artifacts. <br /> <br /> The whole film was western because it seemed that all monks Shen wanted to fight ... I mean that TVPG is judged because of violence, which is contrary to Confucius's thought of cooperation and harmony. It seems more expedient that monks try to avoid violence and try to find peaceful solutions before they have to resort to violence. <br /> <br /> In total, all producers, writers or directors did not carry out thorough research and instead did unstructured and trouble-free work. I would suggest that they either stop the screening of the movie or they would make the film again to provide more accurate information; but I would give him a loan (2 stars) for removing one stereotype of Asians and Americans of Asian origin who consider themselves intelligent and silent.
