I realize that life in the Western Plains in Wyoming in the late 1900s was brutal, in fact it is probably still brutal, but was it monumental enough to turn into a movie "with TV"? At that time, the rights of women in this country continued to grow, to find an independent woman determined to start fresh in this harsh territory and still showing the realism of the era? would it look good? Honestly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this movie for the last two days and I still can not get myself to say it was a horrible movie, but I can honestly say that it was not the best movie I've ever seen. From a few different styles of play, to two unmatched actors playing without emotions, to some of the most gruesome scenes of PG, which ever came out of the cinema in the late 70s, it is difficult to fully understand Heartland. Was it good? Was it wrong? It may be enough for you to see and decide for yourself, but by then there are times that I liked and I desperately hated! <br /> <br /> This movie is still in my head, because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes in which I was not sure what the director was doing or in which direction he was going, but somehow it still seemed to work well. I thought the whole story was a very interesting historical story. I do not know much about life in Wyoming, especially at the beginning of the 20th century, so this movie captured this picture in my head. The thought of very cold winters, no neighbors from miles to miles, and this view from polaroids, untouched by corporate America. It was a refreshing experience and a breathtaking experience (although on TV). There were scenes that really stood out in my mind, such as the cattle brand scene, the pig slaughtering scene, and the saddened host who had not survived his journey, which simply brought real sense to the realism of the story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job of bringing viewers to Wyoming, but I'm not sure if he brought decent players to accompany this view. <br /> <br /> While I'm constantly completing the scenery of this movie, I've had problems dealing with actors who seemingly walked the plan and read their lines from the cards on the side. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow made contact with Elinor Randall Conchata Ferrell. Both as actors do not have any chemistry. Their common scenes are pointless and honestly devoid of any emotions. The pregnancy scene almost shocked me because of the way these two "veterans" introduced her. The brave Elinore does what he needs to do to get the child out of her while Clyde bows when she's done. This is Love? Was it supposed to be love? I do not know, I think that thanks to stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell it seemed that the two actors just play their parts. Other scenes that seemed to fight in my mind are when a frozen horse "knocks" on the door for food or shelter, the endless fading and growing compassion that Clyde had for his daughter Elinore (I just did not believe it), lack a real winter fight and the entire land scene. Land scene, especially because I needed more explanation about what Elinore was doing, why she was doing it, and why Clyde would build her home if they were married! These were simple events that would take a stronger movie if they had to spend some time exploring. <br /> <br /> In general, I will pass the middle of the road with this function. There were definitely elements that should be explored deeper, such as the relationship between the two strangers and the final development goals of Elinore, but they were contrasted with the beautiful scenes of our nation. These panoramic scenes, which in 100 years change from vast mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were great realism scenes (involving cattle and pigs), I felt that we needed more. Depth was a key element missing in this film, which has been overshadowed by marginal acting and declining history. Pearce could have delved into this untapped world, but instead left open gaps and stereotypical western characters. Ferrell carried her own, but Torn was completely confused. Decent to watch but will not be picked up again by me. <br /> <br /> Class: ** with *****
