Sleuth of Joseph L. Mankiewicz did not need a remake. This is a great movie that works well today. However, considering that the modern remake machine is now in full swing; I can not really say that I'm surprised to see a film updated for today's audience. The story remains identical to the original movie, and its core is the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes to an elderly man, Andrew Wyke, to discuss divorce, because the younger man has an affair with the wife of an elderly man. From there comes a game of cat and mouse. From the very beginning it is clear that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different accent to the film, thanks to the central location, which has been changed from a charming, country house with an original to a technical miracle. with layers of security equipment. I'm glad that the director decided to make this change because nobody wants to see the remake that directly copies the original; plus the fact that the location is well used and it is always nice to look. Unfortunately, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> The original movie was over two hours, while this remake is just a shadow of over eighty minutes. This means, of course, that this version has less about it; and, unfortunately, the characters suffer. The conspiracy is also hurried and we are entering the story's story too quickly and before we have a chance to understand why and how these events can take place. The film does not build characters or relationships between them, enough to make sure that their relationship makes sense. One of the main things that have changed in the older form is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games, which turned out to be VERY important when the returns of the action come into play. Here he has a security fetish that means nothing at the end. The service of the film by Kenneth Branagh allows for a classic result, but the class ends. The original developed well on it, but this film is happy only because of the soil with explanations on numerous and mostly unjustified occasions; which reduces costs. The final turn in the story is completely different than in the original and ensures that the film boils down to a really hideous conclusion. After two hours spent with the original, I understood, respected and liked both characters in the film - after eighty minutes I hated them both. I have a certain respect for Branagh for not only compiling a copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's great game.
