It's been almost ten years since I saw the last two parts of "Phantasm" - certainly because of my still vivid memory that they are not very good. Being recognized until today, I am still a big fan of the first two parts, so I thought I would come back and experience the "final chapters" again. Part three is by far the worst of the series because it apparently deals less seriously and throws a few misleading things that make no sense ... Again, starting just where the previous movie left us, Reggie saves Mike from the High Man who he swears that he will come back for him later, but things are not safe for long, when they come across Jody, who is inexplicably able to take the form of a ball. Apparently his soul is trapped by the High Man, so Mike gets sucked into the sinister, double-serrated Netherworld, and Reg has to find him ... Along the way, he meets a ten-year-old child and a nun wielding a black stick named Rocky who helps him throughout the journey . <br /> <br /> There really is nothing memorable about "Fantasy III", except how stupid and strongly "humorous" tries to be. Only one positive aspect that did not even help the movie and it was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who for the first time repeated their roles since the first classics of 1978. The problem is that they quite often appear in episodes ... Reggie Banister is of course back in his main role, but his inept, sick love makes his presence too irritating to like him. Angus Scrimm also did not seem completely fit in his role. He speaks too much here and is nowhere near as dangerous and frightening as the "idiosyncrasies" to which the film seemed to carelessly run away. The opinion of most people about this movement seems quite indifferent and it seems that "it is still fun". Maybe I'm just too picky, but I just could not get it. I remember that I did not like it when I was a child and after seeing it again - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli shook the scene with his original, low-budget, nightmarish, legendary film "Phantasm", which I still count among my favorite horror movies, and his respected sequel kept everything in motion and dark surreal and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead" (stupid title ) looked too hasty and slapped to me ... Including two new characters, Tim and Rocky (only Scrappy Doo was missing !!), was a strong proof that Coscarelli escapes from ideas and See how far he can go on franczyzie ... <br /> <br /> So this is a film "Fancy" with a very small shooting, nudity and quadruple barrel. I have to say more?
