* Includes several spoilers * This movie is a terrifying horror of the 80's in all its horrors. The plot lasts too long to get off the ground, never stabilizes, and then just breaks up 40 minutes in the movie. There are a few moments of gems for zombie fans, but it is not enough zombies to create a real sense of terror. <br /> <br /> Zombies also need a lot of time to appear. First of all, there is the whole half of the movie about crowds and prison gangs. The protagonist of the film is a former veteran from Vietnam, who is trapped in a crowd. The head of the mafia puts him and goes to jail. In this prison, they experiment on prisoners to find a way to cure them from murderous tendencies and criminal behavior. But the bady / military head of psychology badie has other plans in mind. I want to use a slightly different version of the serum to ... da da da .... super soldiers! After some infected prisoners kill several guards, and most of the prisoner has infected Communion wine, a military man / crazy scientist goes "hey, that could be a problem" and calls a genius scientist who became an investigative journalist, a hot girl of an ultra independent character a woman who obviously invented the original serum. He goes to jail to see what's happening, the soldier calls several SWAT teams from his safe position outside the prison, and the hero guy takes control of several prisoners with the heart of gold when the riots break out. The protagonist and scientist / journalist join together to find a cure, save the headmaster's children and deal with some irritated prisoners, both infected and not. Meanwhile, the mafia boss guy made a deal to get to prison so he could save his captive brother. The army is preparing to blow up, and everyone inside is trying to find a way out. <br /> <br /> There are many bloody scenes in which people are killed by pressing or pulling through prison bars. There is also a terrifying scene of decapitation and an electric shock scene involving the same infected rasta prisoner. Nevertheless, the most disturbing scene is the scene from the early part of the movie, in which brutal corrupt guards violate the prisoner. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of this movie is one scene at the end. The hero, woman and children are trying to reach the only escape route. Their path leads them to a long corridor, on one side there is a wall, on the other there are prison bars. Hundreds of bloodied zombie hands reach them, grabbing their hair and faces. There are also some good scenes from the classic "pair of zombies crunching on freshly dead bodies" and "many zombies are ripping one guy to shreds". <br /> <br /> In general, it's worth seeing if you're exploring a zombie genre because it has so many zombie clichés that it's worth paying attention to; it's practically an instruction manual about what not to do when creating a zombie movie. But if you're new to zombie movies and want to really scare you, you should look elsewhere.
