Wow, the story of this movie is everywhere! There is so much story and so many things that happen that practically made my head spin! As a result, none of this seemed particularly reliable. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Kay Francis as a hostess living in a small town. He has experience in the local theater and has the ambition to go to Broadway. When a great actor comes to the city, he chases him in the hope that he can give her a career. But her husband is worried about shenanigans - because this actor is cad. So hubby hits them and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he was convicted of first degree murder !!! Not murder, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and in need of funds, Kay is going to New York. But you can not find work on Broadway, so she is forced to take up any job - even Burlesque. Not being able to properly care for her young daughter, she gives her another woman who can be picked up. In the end, however, he finds a job in real Broadway play and everything looks rosy. But the jealous diva in art hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to reject the game. Depressed, she goes to England and becomes a real star. After many years he returns to New York to get a child - but the child is older and thinks that the woman caring for her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $ 10,000, he can get the man out of jail. As another reviewer wrote, is it bribing people ?! How can $ 10,000 get it in a different way - maybe buy a helicopter so that they can go to the prison yard and grab it !! Wow - it's enough for 2 or 3 movies! All this happens after a 45-minute sign !!! Believe it or not, there is more to it. If you really care, find out for yourself how to grow. <br /> <br /> It's a bit like "writing a kitchen sink" - throwing practically everything and hope that it will work in some way. Unfortunately, the film turns out hopelessly unbelievable and nonsense despite the best efforts of Mrs Francis. It is a film that no one would be able to save thanks to the plot of the second category. It's as if someone just took a few dozen elements of the plot, threw them into the box and began to randomly choose them to make a movie !! In general, if you're not an avid fan of Kay Francis or you love everything Hollywood made in the 1930s, this one is one that you can easily skip. Not terrible, but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child who plays Franciszek's daughter when he returns to New York (Sybil Jason) really was terrible. I think it was supposed to be ... I think.
