When a movie has no less than FIVE different titles, it usually means a few things and almost always means that the movie has some serious drawbacks. Necromancy has serious drawbacks and is simply bad. I saw a video version called Rosemary's Disciples. Yes, I'm sure it's different from other versions, but I'm not inclined to think that in any way there is any other version and a few minutes that it can have - it will be really better. This story is probably the biggest problem: the movie begins when Laurie wakes up and her husband takes her to the city, where he has a new job in the occultist toy factory (yes, it's so bad!). The city is called Lillith and has some guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure only people chosen by the "owner" of the city will be allowed in. Soon it turns out that everyone living in Lillith are witches and all follow the instructions of Mr. Cato - the head of this city coven who wants to regain his dead son (hence the name Necromancy). People in the city do something like witches - they have ceremonies, some wear a goat head, and promiscuits abound (little is visible in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is played solidly by the portable filmmaker Orson Welles. Welles is abused, but do not make a mistake, is the best thing in this movie. And this is really the saddest part of Necromancy, because Welles gives quite poor and walking performances with little directing tips. In one scene at the party, director Bert and Gordon returns to Welles, watching the party's action using exactly the same frames! It looked ridiculous. Like the scene repeated many times over the shoulder, women focused in swirling flames after a car accident. He looked like a mannequin's shoulder in the store. History is never fully exploited because we never really know what is happening: many scenes are shot like dreams or hallucinations and have never been confirmed. This also applies to corny, hokey ending. Keeping Pamela Franklin is elegant and nice and has talent. Outside of her performance, real slim choices from the rest of the Welles cast. The direction and history were taken by Gordon, who apparently had little gas in the engine. This is not a good movie under any name.
