For the beginning and for the recording, the term "necromancy" describes the black magic of the art of bringing the deceased back to life and does not refer to the practice of sex with corpses. This is called necrophilia and, yes, I know it is an obvious difference, but I already get a lot of comments from friends and relatives, that I cultivate warped taste in movies! This film is in fact the opposite of perverted or miserable, and simply qualifies as boring, inept, and terribly bad. "Necromancy" creates at least one-five in the ranking, namely on the list of the most inconsistent films in history! Now director Bert I. Gordon is not particularly well-known for delivering masterpieces (his repertoire includes such titles as "Earth vs. the Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods"), but he really surpassed the pointless sense here, unnecessary and completely nonsense story about spells and mysterious small towns. Shortly after the tragic experience, when their child was born dead, Lori and her husband Frank move to the quiet town of Lillith, where Frank suddenly got a significant job in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and senses the atmosphere of morbidity, especially when the Patriarch of the city and the "owner" Mr. Cato behaves very obtrusively and mysteriously. This is another matter. How can anyone "have" a city and everyone in it? Either way, Lori gradually discovers that everyone at Lillith is a witch, and Mr. Cato has lured her to the city solely because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. For many years, Cato has been trying to bring his dead son back to life and is willing to sacrifice every human victim. Honestly, I do not see the meaning of the whole movie. Is this "Rosemary's Baby" blaring? one of the alternative titles is even "Rosemary's Disciples"? but the script is muddled and unbelievable. Why can no one have children as long as Cato's son is dead? It's really selfish! When, where and how Lori suddenly learned to resurrect the dead? "Necromancy" certainly contains some really amazing and romantic moments, but they are wrongly achieved by a total coincidence or total lack of budget. Grainy photography provides the film with an amazing atmosphere, and the juxtaposed elements seem cheap enough to be frightening. Orson Welles performance? undoubtedly the lowest point in his career ?? it's pathetic and it's still the best aspect of the whole movie.
