The only previous film by Gordon I watched was the childhood adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although soon afterwards I followed EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); it seems, however, that he remembered his sci-fi from the 50s best. <br /> <br /> In any case, I found this at a DVD rental company: did I not notice the unique character of Orson Welles on the sleeve, I probably would not even he took over - because I know this film under the original title NECROMANCY! I saw him quiet in the old volume of my father's horror: the presence of an actor in a film about diabolism seemed a great idea that he could not miss, but the end result - especially in this scandalous edition - is unlucky! I sincerely regretted Welles, who looks bored and instead of in his deep and commanding voice, he mutters whispering demonic invocations almost in a whisper !! <br /> <br /> The plot is basically another tread BABY ROSEMARY (1968): the couple are invited to a distant community under a false pretext and soon discover that it is surrounded by diabolists. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, allegedly has supernatural powers (transmitted by her mother who appears sporadically to warn her - though, as delivered intensely through clenched teeth, the latter's speeches end up largely incoherent and a source of great joy for every time it appears!) and it is expected that it will revive the dead son of Welles from the dead !! As far as it is worth, Franklin - a regular genre, coming from her debut performance in THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not bad in her role (which requires a certain nudity and experiences a few semi-strange hallucinations during the film); hubby Michael Ontkean is not able to meet the challenge of his character similar to John Cassavetes. Some other girls also look good - especially Lee Purcell, whose belated decision to help Franklin escape from the city, ultimately proves her doom. <br /> <br /> The events come to a head in the incredibly confused climax that Satanists finally turn to Franklin and make her take the boy's reborn place to the coffin (it's gratitude for you!). While the added scenes go (a funny opening ceremony and other would-be erotic decorations), the overall quality of the film would still be good without them; on the other hand, this particular version is even more blurred by the electronic score, which is completely inadequate and cheesy in the extreme!
