As a teenager, I was quite pretty in the Bigfoot case - I read books and followed the reported observations. As a more bored adult, I largely gave up this big guy, but do not worry about watching a strange movie when I meet him. This had several strengths - first of all, the reconstruction of two more famous Bigfoot encounters - an incident in the Ape canyon in 1924 and the Bauman incident from around 1850, associated with Teddy Roosevelt and both. I'm a little familiar with the youthful reading I've done. The film is obvious that both incidents were related to sasquatch, while both incidents have more plausible explanations, but the playback was well done. At the beginning of the film is also a tribute to the famous film Patterson, who again takes his authenticity for granted. The sasquatch meeting at the end of the film was also very well made and had a very scary impression, because the sasquatch was depicted mainly in the shadows or as hairy feet running past the terrified men. Unfortunately, in total, these four things could have been around 20 minutes, while the movie as a whole is just over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> This is a fictional story (made in a documentary style) for a trip to distant areas of northern British Columbia, to the suspect range of the home sasquatch. The computer aimed at this area based on observations and - in one of the more funny scenes in the film - the computer also used "eyewitness observations" to draw a picture of a sasquatch that looked exactly like a "creature" from Patterson's movie! In addition to the 20 minutes I mentioned, we're basically watching this trip, which means we can see a group of guys going on a long camping trip. I was on trips with the guys. Let me tell you - they have never been worthy of a movie. In the long sections of boredom there are nice pictures of wild nature (although one may suspect that recordings from cans, or even animals in captivity, which occurred as wild animals), and some spectacular landscape scenes are unique. Columbia, comes from national parks in Oregon. <br /> <br /> I appreciate the fact that we never gave a real sasquatch photo, so we did not have to deal with the bad makeup that would be part of it. 3/10
