This proves that this is a French LOL movie, with an emphasis on young girls with much older men ... why are the French so fascinated with this kind of thing? When the age difference is so great, it really comes out as pervy! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she is very similar to Olivia Hussey from Romeo and Julia '68 from Zeffirelli, in a similar period), but she looks about 15 years old, and the actor playing Tassi, her painting instructor, looks ... well, 50 is KIND . <br /> <br /> Other posters did a job explaining the historical record (in this case, very detailed) of a real Artemisia, a great artist and one of the earliest recognized painters of the period (17th century). Her story appeals to us nowadays, especially because of the age-old accusation that "all great artists were men" - she almost tosses this statement into pieces - and because the history of her rape process is so overwhelming. Not only was she clearly attacked and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because in those days marriage with your killer was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a serial rapist and probably killed his wife and child. > <br /> The film is doing terrible harm, turning this truly fascinating and unusual story from real life - very dramatic and not requiring "seasoning" - because in some strange way Frencified is "warmer" to have an exaggerated teenager drawn male genitals and having a hot affair with a man old enough to be her grandfather. It's "sexy" - the truth is boring and seems too feminist / politically correct. <br /> <br /> It also worries me that this is ONLY part of the life of Artemisia considered interesting enough to film. The fact that she has been painting for decades (her famous painting Judith cutting Holfernes was painted PO, not against rape) that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy, that she had children ... oh, this is boring stuff. In the end, it's about a middle-aged woman and they are not "hot" like teenagers. <br /> <br /> I understand that in creating a movie (or book) about a true historical character. You must create a dialog, have sub-threads, create a dramatic structure. Certainly, some details can be sacrificed - it's not a big deal if the dates are moved for a few years, or if Artemisia is played by a blonde actress (when we know from her self-portraits that she was a brunette ... and a large bone one, not a skinny face), or something like that. But turning her story around her and making rape a romance is really sick and disturbing. It's even worse because the director is a woman. She should be terribly ashamed of herself! <br /> <br /> If you like it (and I know that some people do not care about a real artist and like period costumes and hot sex), you'll probably like "Dangerous Beauty" with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack. Similarly, based on a strongly prescribed story, with lots of waving breasts and jeweled goblets: Bon Appetit!
