I CAN CONTAIN SPOILERS ... To be honest, I'm surprised by the high rating of this film ... I really am. All I've seen is a slow propaganda film that does not have much to say. (Note for yourself must check the rating of the Platoon here) This movie was so black and white ... Americans good ... someone else either bad or useless. I understand that British troops were to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world would agree with the fact that I'm quite sure) they lost 3 people, and others fled while American soldiers who were not even elite soldiers in the sense of struggle kept to land and opened a can of donkey on them, the evil sneaky Iraqis. I remember the dead strings. The only good thing I have to say about this movie was that the sniper took out the SAS man ... the barrel's flash from a distance, good noise ... really well done, but the rest ... Spare me, what do I have here 10 years? !! Well, I do not see and see nonsense propaganda in the movie, and the boy did it. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh aye and mostly crazy, a wild guy can not stay home with his wife and a small child .. he does not have to sign up for another year to fight in a nonsensical lie of war !! Why ... because young men need emotions or something similar. As I say, I am surprised by the high rating of this film really. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America I hate the message of this film, which does not even seem to want to confront the problems of illegal war (in my eyes), which is okay, because there are clearly people who think that it is a just war for whatever reason (I wanted to say something else but censored) but hey, it depends on them. But to recite a film as one-sided as black and white ... good evil is lazy and treats me like a child. There is a lot of gray in the war and these are two (sometimes more) pages that believe what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with something that the dark side embodies delicacies. Fake Hollywood sometimes really take people on mugs ... then again 7.8 .... maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I am glad that I downloaded this movie, all for free. ;)
