Like Ayn Rand today, Bigelow is la mio macho in his film in a film of several hard American homosexuals stuck in Iraq, disarming roadside bombs set by ruthless, ruthless, child-killing Arab terrorists. As Bigelow considers war in Iraq to be the background to the great stage of human drama, one bomb expert is blown up, and another appears to replace him in the dusty, hot, ugly debris of Iraq, and a new hero is born. <br /> <br /> The new guy is what John Hershey described in his book, and later in the movie The War Lover, as a sadistic wingnut, which is actually unfit for civilian life and requires the stimulation of the war to sublimate and suppress his wrong sexual desires. A war lover can only function fully during the war, the room suffocates in it. While Hershey scolded the lover of war (he starred in Steve McQueen in one of his greatest roles), Bigelow glorifies him. The army needs war lovers, they are a mainstay of defense against our enemies. We can not deal with the truth that war lovers are the best soldiers, the toughest people. According to the unbelievable Bigel, ordinary people are pussy, a war lover is a special race, the last of cowboys. So what if he wants to get his people back or caress a boy from Iraq? He is a return to the cult of war for sex and death. In war, sex is ungrateful, deprived of love, do not ask, do not say a male relationship. Bigelow has no opinion on this subject; it simply limits the possibilities of masculinity in this Hamanist attempt at realism. Only a lover of war can win the moral battle between good and evil, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Bigelow hides his racism and arrogance behind the ingenious facade of journalism. Is another gung-ho yahoo depicting a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bigelow returns to the western genre and his constant stereotypes again and again: the wonderful world of the open border, which turns out to be the country of someone else. ("You can shoot people here," says the soldier); a tough but human black companion, a soldier with a premonition of death, a rough, perhaps crazy commander, an educated fool who tries to make friends with the enemy. You call it, Bigelow resurrects. <br /> <br /> The boy's love is perceptible in scenes with a sweet Arabic boyfriend who befriends a lover of war, but Bigelow plays it straight; he does not complete sex, he only purifies him. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, mocking face of the Arab enemy. Every Iraqi who is not pure evil is either insane, hostile, or in any case not very good. Everyone deserves to die for their audacity, and many of them do it in this film. All Iraqi women are hysterical, they only scream about their presence. They could be male stuntmen because I know you never see their faces. There is no presence of women in the base or in the battle, although the number of victims in Iraq would surely overthrow it. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the moves one by one. She glorifies the war, canonizes the hero of a sadistic nut. The cowboys, surrounded by subhuman Indians, prove their courage by doing God's work and subordinating to themselves the unfortunate, terror-stricken hell with pure bravery and suicide mania. At the end I wanted to cheer on the Indians. In Bigelow's world, however, there is no mercy or understanding. Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. The slaughter of civilians is just a dramatic background of our hero's psycho-sexual struggle. Each US missile finds its mark. You must love a guy, a lover of war. It's just his way, he's a real hero. He's just a guy who's trying to get things done the hard way, and what if he wants a boy on the side.
