The line is more fun in England, where far away from native America Vixen! The word "fanny" has a completely new meaning. Unfortunately, it's the only laugh in this terrible sexual comedy that is neither sexy nor funny. <br /> <br /> Strangely unbelievable with painted eyebrows, Eric Gavin (Acting Ability: Zero) is a nymphomaniac who lusts for his own brother but rejects his black friend, making offensive remarks about watermelons. As if in vengeance, he asks her if she will go with the Shetland ponies. It also refers to "making monkeys". Gavin's ability to shake and tremble with the pleasure of an orgasm with the slightest touch only fits the fact that her seductive dance does not attract attention? which includes a campfire and haddock. Personally, I preferred the haddock. <br /> <br /> In '68 it was quite tame and contradicts the controversy that aroused then. The character claims that he is "stoned", although he is only on bourbon, and for one of the original "X" certificates he has no full frontal nakedness. Only six years later, we would get Timmy Lea and his Confessions, but here we have to do with topless shots. Only the last seduction of Gavin by his brother really shakes. Another activity for Vixen is to help solve sexual problems between spouses by sleeping with both of them. Both women apparently do not enjoy playing together and try to hide it. After Vixen deals with disharmony, the romantic husband concludes about his wife: "I think he has it to himself!" <br /> <br /> The only almost valuable segment includes an extraordinary discussion about Cuban communism. It seems that it does not fit the rest of the movie, although it is connected to the shots of Gavin's breast to give it continuity. This leads to a vague anti-Vietnamese attitude that is commendable, although it falls in the middle of such a frivolous film that it seems trivial and insensitive, not to say simply without taste. Incidentally, part of the would-be communist Niles Brooke is Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page who played the trunk captain in the entertaining comedy Sledge Hammer! Page must be embarrassed by its back catalog (including Meyer Beyond The Valley of the Dolls), although Meyer's apologists would like you to believe that horrible dialogue, bad acting, sloppy direction and sharp editions are not just a charm, but completely intentional. He can not stand water in defense. <br /> <br /> Annoying random music? an intersection of melodies that play in the restaurant and muzak advertisements used by TV stations when the transmission breaks down? is ubiquitous and intrusive; while even stupid, amateurly angled camera angles can not arouse interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women "ask for it", black men? or "shines"? they are not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely hopeless.
