BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most acclaimed books, but in this animated adaptation, magic simply does not exist. This version remains fairly true to Dahl's original story, so you can not blame John Hambley for the screenplay. If anything, the fault lies in a colorless animation, lethargic pace and a generally weak teacher. One would expect this story to become a happy, vibrant, fun-filled movie ..... the movie is a hopelessly boring thing that becomes quite boring to watch. Children who do not know this story should read the book first! The only film that can be achieved is putting them away, which is actually a children's classic. <br/> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a not too friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening he looks out the window when he sees a massive figure walking stealthily down the street of the village. The character realizes that he has been noticed, so he reaches through the window and pulls Sophie out of bed, inserting it into his huge pocket before running away into the night. Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from the Giant Country and is afraid she will eat her. But to her relief it turns out that he is a nice and sensitive member of his genre, who presents himself as BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, instead it is limited to unpalatable vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, the Giant Country is inhabited by many other giants who feast - every night, as it happens - on unsuspecting people who are poor. Sophie and BFG become great friends and will soon come up with a plan to thwart other giants. Together, they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) with their extraordinary story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight human giants. The queen agrees and begins a dangerous operation to catch the evil giants before they can harm someone else. <br /> <br /> Jason speaks well about BFG (one of the few advantages of the film), but his good work is almost ruined by the slightly poor sound quality. The rest of the work with the voice is definitely not very inspired, with a very small amount to liven up the characters. Similarly, BFG is the only character who is animated with imagination - Sophie has no charm, and the giants are boringly designed (and look almost indistinguishable). Even places are non-invasive; The huge country is particularly short, being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rocks and canyons. After 88 minutes, the movie is not very long, and yet it gets pretty bad due to the soporific handling of several sequences. Dahl's little malicious humor is passed on satisfactorily. One chapter in this book is about BFG's love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and is a happy-loud hilarious one. In the film, the same section was completely killed by unpleasant service. I came to The BFG, expecting a lot of joy, fun and joy, but what I got was completely opposite! This is an unsuccessful jam that just does not fit the book's caliber in any department - unfortunately, he must fall as one to skip.
