This 1970s hit movie did not get old well, but to be honest it was not so good when it was released. However, it was a very popular success, perhaps because the idea of ​​fatalistic young love had to appeal to the audience saturated with the continuous television broadcast of the Vietnam War. The story is pure, because it concerns Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged hockey player from Harvard who meets and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonist music student of Vassar, proud of her working class. His old-school father naturally disapproves of Jenny, and in a typical rebellion, it means that the young couple are getting married in one of these hippie ceremonies. He landed in his dream job in New York, but unexpectedly suffers and dies from a deadly disease. In Arter Hille there is a veneer of contemporary contemporary film techniques, but none of them can hide the old-fashioned, stereotypical story at its base. The unavoidable ending has left me particularly unshakeable. <br /> <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become the stars of the movie as Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicably because none of them is able to convey the depth or complexity required to create their captivating characters. At least the boy O'Neal is honest in his poorly defiant approach, but MacGraw is so wooden and smiling in his behavior that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny behind her sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before finding a beaten racehorse in his bed at the Godfather) is better as the baker's honest father, Jenny, Phil, like Ray Milland as the seemingly insensitive Barrett paterfamilias. The well-known music of Frances Lai has become a parody in itself for years. The quality of the DVD printing is good, but the only addition is the rather powerful Hiller commentary. The most interesting is that the author Erich Segal (on whose book this film is based) invented Oliver as a mix of two roommates from Harvard whom he knew? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who are just taking part in Oliver's roommates.
