A distorted look at the Pinocchio theme and set up during the Christmas season (... after the previous post dropped ties with Christmas) has trap toys sent to murder a child (... but by that, other victims are accidentally harmed in this process) perhaps by 'Son' of a toy manufacturer. Screaming Mad George was responsible for the killer toys (including larvae that come into the mouth of the victim and her eye, others in which the toys of soldiers actually shoot real bullets at the babysitter after her boyfriend was practically strangled by the severed toy at hand , operating with a remote control). A small target is a dumb child named Derek (William Thorne), whose stepfather was murdered by a red ball with protruding arms that ensnare his face, causing him to land on poker with a fireplace. Sarah's mother (Jane Higginson) worries about her son's psychological state, recognizing that his reluctance to open presents or, more importantly, speaking, results from watching her husband's frightful murder. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim), worries about her safety, and reluctantly informs her ex-girlfriend Sara that the local youngster Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for trapping toys to harm children for the loss of an unborn child when his wife died in a car accident ... a kind of revenge in the statement that if he can not have a son, then others should not. Still quite heavy drinker (... often seen by Jack), Petto seems to put aside his feelings for children, but his frightening son Pino (Brian Bremer) is gone and Derek carries anger towards. Why? You'll understand soon. <br /> <br /> Pretty disappointing special effects and quite stupid assumption. Rooney's name adds charm to the film, gaining notoriety on it, but his histrionics can only help so much. An attractive actress leading Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as a man who enters her life is not so bad, but the difficult situation that develops is difficult to take seriously. I'm guessing that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in a movie like this ... there's no place to bring any personality to his creator, except rage and desperation, quite unstable, barely clinging to each other, when he explodes in anger at Pino when they have not been drinking alcohol. Bremer is appropriately strange and "robotic" like Pino, wanting to have Sara as his mother. The practical effects used when attacking victims are rather unconvincing. Mad George's Savage work from Steve Holland was much more effective than what we see in this film. The sex that everyone is talking about is not as free as you would have believed (... I can not even remember nakedness). Probably the best of many greenlighted sequels, but it's not quite support. I'm sure I wrote it on paper, it was a funny concept, an idea to impersonate Pinocchio with elements of horror, but the result is not able to tear you away.
