OK OK, it can be difficult to put the whole life of a man in one movie. Traditionally, therefore, biopics focus on one or two significant parts in the life of the subject. Byron was a member of "my week beating your year", which makes selecting the parts that are representative is even more difficult. Moreover, just like Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, the very life of man must be seen as a whole. Lifting parts not only does not show the whole picture, but shows a completely different picture. <br /> <br /> Now, in short, my review boils down to this: apparently Byron was actually "my week beats your year" prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that he actually did more in 15 years of his activity than most throughout life. It was true, he had complications and was a victim of the time and environment in which he lived - but in the end this guy is supposed to be a prototype whose life we ​​all want to drive, no? Well, at no time did I want to live the life depicted in this movie. So he gets 3. Not for being so badly done (what, in the direction of the direction, it was more or less), but more importantly, for the lack of a holistic point on a flat surface. <br /> <br /> More details. Well, to simplify things, Byron's biography should have two separate episodes: 1. A journey through Europe in Europe: England and its rise to fame + marriage / 2. Life abroad. It is important that the SECOND part is at least as important as the first one. Not only was it much longer, but then there was the most significant change in Byron. In addition, it was there that he created his best works (Don Juan, Vision of the Court, etc. - all things that make him * really * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead in this movie () Byron's life never appears as even remotely funny, (b) it becomes * inferior * after leaving England. They did two good works: firstly, they began their journey around Europe (although a bit more of the trip itself would be welcomed as a prologue), secondly, they chose the corner and chose his incestuous love for Augusta (which is rather perfectly manned). The problem with this last thing is that they never let her go. It is true that Byron remained strongly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but especially since he was a person with such a mood, the fact that his letters reflect this, does not mean that other times he may not enjoy life . br /> <br /> Anyway, the first part of the movie should end with his departure from England. There is no doubt about it. The thing is that once overseas, debatable life began (with the infamous Geneva period), but in Italy Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice, as well as for himself when he found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (then, at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, he was also * liberated *. His mind and life opened (and not only in the decadent sense), while England closed further when she fell into the gravitational attraction of the Victorian era. It is true that freedom was less Augusta, but this bittersweet freedom tastes sour in this film. We see a lonely, bored snob who is getting old. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought much about his poetry, except he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! In addition to poetic and romantic events, his relationship with Shelly (and break) should be more documented. In addition, he is engaged in politics and revolutionary ideas in Italy in Ravenna. This is important because it shows that the decadent romantic and ultimately escapist language and the person of Childe Harold are turning into a more realistic and lighter passion for Don Juan's language and person. Life and work are one thing. That's true, still a bit naive, but that's what led him to Greece! And the whole thing has come full circle in Pisa, where the revolutionary spirit of Shelley sparked a spark. Missolonghi was not a bored snob who was suddenly looking for some action. It was Italy's observations (Gambas) that prompted him to act. This may be a symbol for a man seeking some ancient battle excitement, while the rest of Europe is perpetuated in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it was not just that there was a real inspiration behind it. In the meantime, Byron wrote huge amounts of Don Juan. It is true that his end is a bit sad, but it is not that he is exhausted. This is the essence of Byron's life: he could have strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but EVERY time he managed to rediscover himself. This means that at the end of his life he was not "less" - no, he did a physical and psychological TRAVEL, which at that time were few people prepared. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is the second period of Byron's life so often overlooked? Because he had less obvious conflicts because the man finally came to himself? Focusing our attention on the frustrated years of scandals in England, we prove to be incomparably better than the English aristocracy at that time, which Byron despised so much, and who despite having no choice, * willingly * escaped in 1816 to find the world, who was modern and liberal enough to let him find a voice that would make him the first romantic poet to speak a romantic language and evolve from obsession with a snob to a passionate man going on with the cause.
