Whenever I would like to see a version of Beowulf, in which it seems that the screenwriters have at least knowledge of the original poem. Once again, after watching the Sci Fi presentation I am disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not suggest that writers understand and analyze a poem in Old English, but I would like them to at least try to read a translation in modern English and try to construct a story based on what actually happens. The story is exciting enough; why add non-existent plot elements and destroy history? What is wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is resistant to all kinds of weapons; why introduce super-bows, which are unbelievable and could not exist during this period (as rightly pointed out by the previous reviewer)? The fight against Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. this is it! Nobody else took part in the battle. The only way Beowulf could defeat him was to choose specifically to fight the monster without any weapons, a mistake made by all previous opponents. However, in this version, the Danes and Geaci fight the beast, and Beowulf breaks Grendel's sword! Again, why could not they present what really happened? Personally, I think that fighting one-on-one duels would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a pitiful and bottomless show that is unfaithful to the real story. Why add a pact with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother who has a sacrifice? Why create additional characters, such as Finn, that bring nothing to history? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even set the scenes in the right places (the forest instead of the swamp and the lack of a bed near the lake). They do not see the metaphor that Grendel's leg denotes? it is to be underground to represent hell. Why not focus on the symbolism contained in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year were able to do much better when they created a short movie based on Beowulf because they focused on the themes and symbolism underlying the story. If Hollywood could create a film that focused on these elements and a loyal story, it would be a really great movie.
