Where to start? Anachronism? A technologically advanced bow with a range of around 500AD? Shots with explosives in 500AD? Monster Grendel, who looks like a robocop, and of course he never interacts with any weapon fired against him? A heart torn from the victim's chest without any contact? Probably a blond who would fit into a recent fashion show with make-up and gray hair? An ancient Danish court represented in classic Greek style? The queen played by Marina Sirtis is more furious than her make-up artist than by madness? The effects are too weak to transfer this story. There are some stories that do not bother or even use cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about the characters who seem to jump in their attitudes without motivation? The daring prince idiot, whose home has already been attacked by the Grendel monster, seems less respectful of the danger facing Beowulf, who was sent from far away from Geate to help the desperate Danes. He feels more like an old western cowboy than any myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient story from an era in which there is almost no literary tradition, and most of her sentiment and drama is unclear. I suspect that any modern speech that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the dark must fail. I did not like the recent "Beowulf and Grendel" which Grendel sees as essentially a human and sees Hrothgar and his Danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks as a well-reasoned revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist position that the Danes Hrothgar were a band Macho bandits who never understood, even after all, that they brought this nightmare, which is why the original story of Beowulf, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of the true story. I think understanding this is more complicated, but this horrible secret of Grendel, that Grendel's attacks are related to earlier human sacrifices, does not bring us closer to the shame that Hrothgar and the Danes experience. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to say as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give him 4: higher than he deserves, but I always hope that a poor effort will attract the attention of someone who wants to tell the story intelligently. In the meantime, creating Sci-Fi movies seems to be in line with NASA's policy that it is better to build many probes that fail than the few that go.
