La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza, i.e. The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, I think it's a common English title, is set to 'Ireland' in '1902', where the mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) soon invites theater actresses Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three other colleagues from work, friends Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) to his castle located on a small island just off the coast. At first, Evelyn is reluctant, but finds out when it was agreed that the hand in the hand of Samuel (Leo Valeriano) goes hand in hand. Once, Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather cut off their heads by cheating the wives with a ceremonial knife and a feeling of uneasiness arises when it turns out that Evelyn looks EXACTLY the same as the wife of the current count who also did not run away long ago. With the need to worry about freaks, it turns out that someone wants to use a knife to cut off a few heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is total, complete and complete from the beginning to the end. First, let's start the critics with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, let's explore this title, because when I do, I feel a bit cheated, there are no vampires or any form of bloodsucker, no one "leads" always and certainly no dance or dancing, so do not expect any of these things. What you should expect is a boring, boring, boring, meaningless little "giallo" that lasts more than an hour before anyone gets killed, and every mystery of assassination begins to take shape, the first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is less plot and uninteresting like something. The best way to imagine this is to think about the most boring soft-core porn movie you've ever seen, then cut out most of the soft-core porn and just leave bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, a bit of soft-core sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it's really that bad. Mysterious elements are nonsense, people do illogical things for no apparent reason, and too complicated ending "twist" is just as bad as the rest, The Sixth Sense (1999) is not! <br /> <br /> The director Rozzi is doing a good job, and La Sanguisga Conduce la Danza really has a nice look, despite the obvious low budget, I mean the scenes in which he shows a "storm" raging outside the castle, but the footage is used black white! The movie jumps from a bright color to black and white as soon as it goes into a storm and returns to color again! There is one very funny scene in which the maid and her friend discuss her breasts, and she lets her friend feel them who are then full of compliments, this scene is so funny and so unnatural that the best moments in the film are priceless and easy even if bad porn from the 70s would be embarrassed by dialogue! Nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are minimal. Forget about any blood or blood, because there is nothing but head without head. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, movies are quite good, the setting of the period and the production project are really impressive, although they are not a huge task. The film has a nice sense of color, and the pictures are fine. The film is dubbed, so it is difficult to express an opinion on the original performances, but the actors are horrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a scary movie. It does not make sense, there is virtually no history for more than an hour, it probably has the most misleading title in history and is really boring and boring with the confused stupid ending of the "twist". As for the fans of horror in Euro, there are many more better movies than this one, so please do not waste time, because for everyone else is definitely one thing. Trivia Note: A well-known (and forbidden in Great Britain) Nazi movie about exploitation / horror Horrifying Experiments of the SS Last Days (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella and has a rather significant role as a police detective in La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza.
