This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And although I assume that the original movie was quite bad, it was slightly worse when American-International Films broke into the film to pieces and inserted American segments to fool the audience. Now, unless your audience consists of total idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that it has been done - and done with little finesse or care for the final product. The most important thing is that you have a lot of clearly Japanese scenes, and then clearly American scenes in which the film looks completely different. Besides, the American scenes really do not make sense and they consist of two different groups of people at meetings talking about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! And although it is a fire-breathing, flying and destructive monster, there is virtually no energy, because I assume that the actors were simply embarrassed by being in this unfortunate film - in particular the film veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both just looked tired and not easy to be there. <br /> <br /> Now, when it comes to the monster, it's not a standard hour-like creature. Seeing a giant turtle with fangs, he withdraws his head and limbs and begins to whirl in the air, like a bullet is funny. On the other hand, ugly model aircraft, destructible balsa buildings and power plant are as usual in this film and are not a surprise. Added to this are weird Japanese stereotypical film monsters that frankly upset most non-Japanese audiences, and this is "a cute and prematurely born little boy who loves the monster and believes in it." Yes, sure. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and some other movies, you have this annoying crawler cheering the monster, although in contrast to later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamer is NOT a good guy and it turns out that in the end the kid is just an idiot! Stupid, unique weak special effects that could be better done by the average seven-year-old, bad acting, meaningless American clips and occasional terrible voice dubbing make this a miserable movie. Oddly enough, while most certainly hate this movie (and that stupid kid), there is a small and very loud minority who loves these movies and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - it's a scary movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Apparently because of his great presence on the stage Gamer appeared in several subsequent movies from the 60s, as well as in several recent incarnations. None of these things change the main fact that he is a fire-breathing flying tortoise or that films are really, very bad.
