We are now traveling to a parallel universe, where the appearance of gigantic prehistoric monsters flattening cities is part of everyday routine. This is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothry Ghidrah and their species - a strange world, and an even more strange look of an unidentified flying turtle called Gamer. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the monolithic Toho Studios, the second rung of Daiei Studios was more known for samurai saskas than monster movies. In the mid-1960s, they decided to join the giant race of reptiles and designed a rival series of monsters with great success Godzilla Toho. They wisely chose Gamer as their flagship - a giant turtle that shoots flames between teeth and turns in the air, shooting flames through holes in the shells (and at some point you can almost see how the mache paper shell lights up!). <br /> <br /> Gamer's first movie "Gamer The Invincible" (as it was sold to the US) is the virtual mirror of the first Godzilla film, only 10 years ago. American fighters are chasing an unmarked plane over the Arctic to his fiery fall - a nuclear bomb on the deck lights up and wakes up a gigantic Gamer from an icy dream. By feeding on atomic energy, it immediately goes crazy, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a small Japanese boy named Kenny who has a mental connection to a giant turtle and even maintains a miniature version in the aquarium near his bed thinks that Gamera is basically kind and friendly. He is like a little Jewish kid with a hint of Hitler. "Gamera is a GOOD turtle," he begs, then he pouts and puts his face up like someone in the stern. Wonderfully world leaders listen to him, so Z-Plan begins to save the world and Gamer from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Gamer released in 1965 was a surprising hit. The annoying child anthropomorphism did indeed work on children's audiences in Japan as well as in the United States, and the Gamery view on the two-meter miniatures of Tokyo and the North Pole is great chintzy. The most surprising is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamer films and a lot of the latest revisions. Not bad for a mutated reptile whose only friend is the meowing of an eight-year-old milquetoast - and if I hear "Gamer is a friend of ALL children", I'm going to crush Tokyo again. It seems to be an easy task in a parallel universe where children are smart, and turtles are bigger than the Seiko billboard from 1965. In the gambler's turtle.
