With the growing popularity of the iconic Godzilla series, as with any blockbuster movie, there was inevitably a crowd of followers who tried to earn a success on the big lizard. Along with Godzilla, the rising popularity of the kaiju species (giant monster) has come. Many sought success; several have gained. One of the few that not only gained, but gained popularity, was Gamer, a giant turtle who could breathe fire and fly, throwing flames out of the slots in his armor as a means of jet propulsion. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was sold as a friend to all children, later fighting other monsters to save children in danger, and so Gamera became very popular among kids. Unfortunately, this is the only mainstream audience that the original Gamer series will like. While the new Gamery films directed by Shusuke Kaneko are wonderful, revolutionary monster movies, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> Gamer's first film, titled "The Giant Monster Gamer" in Japan, was clearly Godzilla's will. Although the film was produced in an era of colorful films, it was filmed in black and white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla film from the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I do not know much about the Japanese version, in the version I know with the American version, in which scenes were cut out and new recordings were made with American actors (is it a coincidence that the same thing happened with Godzilla's first film?) Now whether it adds or not, I can not say. But "Gammera the Invincible" is nothing but a heavy bore that just walks like a big turtle. <br /> <br /> "Gammera the Invincible" is a very routine film. Heroes come from a set of science-fiction standards, history is meaningless, the monster has no real motive to attack civilization, acting is ridiculous, and so on, and so on. The only thing that distinguishes her from the Godzilla series is the ending of the film, but it is also critical because the plan that ultimately holds back Gamer's craze is completely false and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie and many other entries in this genre also fit this description, but it is a terribly difficult movie about monsters. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko will later transform Gamera into an interesting monster with his trilogy in the nineties, in the original series, Gamer was not an attractive presence on the screen. He was neither terrible nor sympathetic. It just spins like a toddler, swaying with each step and knocks miniature sets. As always, everyone wants to destroy Gamer, with the exception of a small child (Yoshio Uchida, who was lazily skipped from credits, although he plays a central role) who thinks Gamera is a nice turtle. <br /> <br /> Most movies in the genre of which "Gammera the Invincible" is part are easy targets for critics, and this is subject to additional pressure. Even in the company of many other followers of Godzilla, this film by Gamer is not a particularly good entrance. As for my cinema experience, the rest of the series are either so boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera will be filmed in color and will fight monsters. And just like Godzilla, it will be cheaper and cheaper with each film until the time comes to revive the show and make it serious again. <br /> <br /> It's weird. Usually, I recommend people to stick to the originals and make modifications. But in the case of Gamery, my verdict is reversed. I strongly urge people to watch Gamer's trilogy from the '90s, directed by Shusuke Kaneko, and to skip the original series if it is not interested. New videos are ingenious, well-made, exciting, and above all fun. The original series is a long boredom.
