The Last Station, a melodrama by director Michael Hoffman about the last months of Leo Tolstoy's life, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a relationship in Jasna Polana, walking and writing, being seen by his wife and followers of his "movement", people devoted to the ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and community property, which gathered in a forest camp not far from . His wife Sophia (Helen Mirren) openly fights with the head of his movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who, he claims, in his efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign his rights to his works for the Russian people, tries to steal the wealth that he owes to her husbands close to death. A new steward, Tolstoy, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive follower, torn between love for a man and caring for a wife, is watching this. <br /> <br /> Hoffman's script based on the novel by Jay Parini often turns into a tangled territory, creating a complex combination of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately do not solve in any satisfying way. The scope of the film is impressive, and its history should echo the same as Tolstoy, whose convictions presaged in some respects both Bolsheviks and pacifists such as Ghandi. Unfortunately, it is not, one can not break away from the voice, it is built with a moment of confrontation, which is constantly falling into nothingness. The three-part relationship between the Church, faithful Zofia and the unbelieving Tołstoj, for example, is often mentioned. In the last part of the movie, even a dumb priest in a great hat appears, but this scenario never expands beyond the awkward insertion of history into an attempt to enrich it or to provide the appearance of historical accuracy. There are many details in the film, but most of them do not pay enough attention, so the movie is cluttered, overburdened, energetic but unfortunately pointless. <br /> <br /> In his heart lies the love story between Zofia and Tolstoy, and this story, as surprising and narrow as it is, is the reason for watching the movie. Mirren and Plummer are, as you might expect, the best things in the movie. Tolstoy Plummer is undefined, at the same time confused and resolute, full of fear and full of joy and certainty. Zofia Mirrena is in full panic, in a just foam, forced to watch and is expected to be mute, because her husband gives his time, his belongings and money to people who are undoubtedly devoted to him, but also clearly have their own plans. These are great performances, all the more so because the huge gap between the real significance of a place in history and the ability to support this scenario, both Zofia and Tolstoy seem to be interested in the film by Mirren and Plummer alone, which makes them the best they can from what is there. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, can not do the same, and Chertkov Giamatti does not seem like a revolutionary or a thief (and not both at the same time), but rather a cipher, a substitute for the whole package of unresolved anxieties and interrupted historical impulses. The scope of this thing never comes down to anything, it bothers you, reaching the power of Plummer and Mirren, and not much more. It's interesting and nice, but ultimately ungrateful. 4.5 / 10
