This incredibly overrated TV series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) tells the story of a 14-year-old boy (and two classmates) who pilot a giant robot to defend Japan from attacking beings called Angels. Angels do not have too many explanations or reasons why their number has increased in recent times, and they seem just out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once instead of at intervals that are convenient for the people you are trying to destroy?). Robotic battle scenes try to use various obstacles, but the action itself is poorly performed and boring to watch. Almost every episode seems to be a waste of a place where nothing is interested. <br /> <br /> Some may be intrigued by fans who mention (very few) symbolic references in this document, but that's all they are - shallow one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly cast from zero craft. The whole series is extremely boring because of the superficiality of the characters, who are really nothing more than self-pricking claws. Psychology is pathetic, hopelessly simplified conflicts, such as "I hate my father," they repeat themselves over and over again without progression beyond their face value. It can not be said that these heroes immerse this series from the wasting time of mediocrity to the garbage that causes anger during the last episodes with their endless, disturbed diatribes of overly repetitive psychobabble (some of them are completely irrelevant). <br /> <br /> I'm not kidding when I say that this series just got worse. Every day I was looking at a DVD set that sits on my table in the living room and I say to myself: "Shit, I have to watch the next episode at some point. (Sigh) I might as well jump another one today. "The real kicker was that the episodes lasted only 25 minutes, but somehow they managed to enter a completely uninteresting borefest in the first 10 minutes. It comes from a guy who will happily sit in 150-minute films with ice-cold stimulation, so my criticism of this series is the most horrible. <br /> <br /> I have never despised watching the series in my life as much as "Evangelion". I bought it on the basis of all the fanatical comments on IMDb and I certainly did not intend to let him collect dust after spending his hard earned money. Then there were 10 hours of clean, infallible torture. My relation love / hatred with anime changes into a relationship of hatred / love after this highly acclaimed catastrophe. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" represents everything anime should NOT be - huge amounts of boring, pretentious guts under the guise of smart cinema. Universal recognition for this piece of nonsense is simply unbelievable; and the funny statements of the fans that this series as "one of the greatest achievements of humanity" is probably the most stunning comment I've ever heard on IMDb - and I've seen a few misfortunes.
