From time to time, I see some of this program because my wife sometimes watches. I try to take pleasure in the fact that it is a basic idea that helps a needy family, but a few factors bother me. Each episode has the same format in which many parts seem to be completely scripts (which are), and tears flow seemingly. Trying to manipulate the audience with a mixture of emotional breaks and sad music is a real retreat for me. The fact that anyone who offers something for the home, be it Sears or anyone else, must submit because it is generous, it is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with all this is that what must be huge money and a small army of employees are combined to build an amazingly high home for one family. Now I know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in a mug for Disney / ABC, but how much more can be done for more people with the amount they put on a house? Instead of focusing on one family and encouraging everyone to cry during the episode, why not help 10 families and show the most important events? Is not the life of the average person hard enough? Why do I need help finding things that can be sad, why not show something really inspiring without manipulation? I know that what is being done for these families is good, but they are also used for assessment. You can not tell me that sometimes they are not trained to cry. I'm guessing that when I see how these people move home, which most of the hard working people in the US can not afford their children, I'm really worried about that. I can not stop thinking about what you can really do for a small part of Disney's money. Instead of giving each member of the family a flat screen TV or personal shower that informs about the water temperature and fires from the ceiling, why not help more people in the purchase of food, clothing, education and medical insurance? I know we can have fun and have a good cry. When it comes to money, I feel the same with Oprah. I do not think anyone can imagine the amount of money they have. Yes, her latest reality show did the right thing, but when she gave $ 30,000 to every losing "participant", I'm sitting here thinking ... that's a salary for many, many people ... if they're lucky. Do not start me from quiz shows. So, I realize that the Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "doing fine," but forgive me if I see it as more self-service than giving myself. Is there anyone who feels similar?
