This movie is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD !! It's the same kind of unfortunate, holy, religious excitement you get from those arrogant idiots who fight for Jesus or pump iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was completely stunned, he liked contact sports and he definitely had a full set of stupid bells. DUHHH! This film should be titled "Wandering for Jesus" or something like that to make the public understand that the real intention of this movie is to convert people to Christianity and the desire to those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed in the blood of the lamb. The fact that the title comes from the Bible becomes clear when the head coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The last sports movie "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than that, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was only the desire and determination of the individual with dreams. <br /> <br /> Each wide appeal as an inspiring sports movie is ultimately lost amidst blatant nonsense and sacred religious propaganda. You get the impression that the only message is the only way you can succeed and make a positive profit if you accept Jesus as your personal savior. But this is simply not true and therefore is a lie perpetuated by those who believe that this is true and they want everyone else to believe in it. The image of a winning athlete thanking Jesus when he wins comes to mind. What does he do when he loses? Is he cursing Jesus? Of course not! When he loses Jesus, he is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible if he wins. And logic is round and round, and ends exactly where the true believer needs it, every time !! I had to hit the pause when on the stage with the trainer who received a new truck, I could stop rolling on the floor laughing at my ass and catching my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. It seems strange to me that most so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see Jesus fish on the back of a huge, gas-guzzling SUV that passes me as if standing still. <br /> <br /> Another message of this movie is that Jesus apparently cares more about the record win of the average school football that he's doing with the millions of starving children in the world. The final scene in which the uncertain and uncertain kicker takes the goal out for 51 yards and is terrified, like an incredibly unbelievable miracle, puts the last gag with the religious red flag on this turkey. I gave him only three stars because the guy who played the black coach could actually act.
