I was reprimanded and scorned by other Christians for finding my disappointment with this film. I am struck by such statements: "I can not believe you did not like it! "Everyone sacrificed their time and no one got money for the movie! It was produced by the church, not Hollywood. We should spend our money on such films! "This is a real church and a Christian school in Georgia! Preacher wrote this and directed. " Apparently, the reason why I should love this movie is simply the way it was created, and the minimum amount of money used to make it, that is, made by Christians. That's all I need to make me love this movie. <br /> <br /> Listen, I got a movie without knowing ALL about the background of the movie. I have never heard of it and had no idea - apart from football - what is going on. I watched it as if I was watching a different movie and I was disappointed. I was disappointed with the poor editing and lame script. I was VERY disappointed by the resolution after the climax. Do not worry. There were other cheap movies and other CONVENIENT movies that received less respect from me. It's not about making a movie. This is the final product. <br /> <br /> The writer acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything that we pray for in the way we want, but he wanted to show, with faith, God changes our lives. It is true. However, God can change our lives and we are still infertile. God can change our lives and we will not get a raise from our work. God can change our lives, and our car is still an old jalopy. God can change our lives and our home is still smelly. Why did not he present it in the film? Others expressed their concern about the writer / director in this matter, but he was clearly defensive. <br /> <br /> I did not think that acting was terrible, or many landscape pictures. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing his incredible power and our weakness. <br /> <br /> Writing and directing were very poor. This is easy to distinguish because many characters have no development. All we really get from the coach's wife is that she is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). It looks like there was only a ball player who had the potential to have an interesting character and who was divided into pieces: "I have a crippled father and I can not play football well, but I will win the winning goal even though I have never dug a real one before goal. Another problem was the Christian school itself. Umm, I worked in two Christian schools, I went to one myself and had many nieces and nephews in other Christian schools. In total, I had several close contacts with about ten different. None of the problems I've seen in ALL of these schools have been resolved. I saw it as completely surreal in the movie about their school and I regretted that they did not show the human factor. It would be nice to see the dose of reality and how God can act. <br /> <br /> I close by stating that every work - written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's worldview. The view of the world that has been shown to me in this film includes: "People who pray in the right way, win ball games, win new cars, imagine when they can not, receive a raise and repair their home - everything in a short time "I know, I should LOVE the film just because of the sincerity of the people who created it, I think I should love this film because it was well done and there is no other reason.
