I watched this movie in a youth group, where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife poked at him. Later, an adult couple at the church Christmas party misled, giving a copy of the film to all current family members, and now my household is stuck in the film (although fortunately it still remains in its packaging). I have been crying over these sad events with bitter tears and here's why: First of all: this movie has good intentions, especially if you're a Christian like me. This film tries to show you that you should believe in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out that this is a big problem. This film was made in the church, so obviously every problem must be treated as tastefully as possible for Christians. It's all black and white, with no gray areas. God's grace and will in this film is predictable and comes immediately to all who follow His orders. <br /> <br /> This is not God I know. This is not a Christian life that I know. God, in whom I believe, is a powerful and trustworthy God, but he is not the one who fulfills my every wish. I follow him as best as I can, although it is often difficult; however, the football team in this film considers their humbleness and self-control to be much easier than anyone should NEVER find it. I can not refer to paperboard cut-outs that go from bad side to good side during several structured movie scenes. And when I follow his commandments in the Bible, I certainly do not get a shower with a blessing, just like these figures. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I have done the right thing; everything else is connected with long, sloppy, tedious work. <br /> <br /> But let's take an example from the movie: Grant Taylor is training a football team at the Shiloh Christian school, which has 6 losing seasons in a row. He may lose his job and he and his wife have little money. They want a child, but the doctor tells him he is sterile. Oh, and his car is not working. And the boys in his football team do not respect their parents, they complain after millions of losses and bad at kicking goals. This is probably one of the rundown communities here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides to trust God for everything! And he transfers his faith to his team. So far, good. Not for long. When they start obeying, the blessing literally interjects them. Suddenly, the students stop disregarding their parents; the school has a big "rebirth"; the team begins to win EVERY game; they even win a great championship with the toughest team in the league! The work of coach Taylor is calmed down; the school gives him a new, shiny truck as a gift (which, incidentally, is the embodiment of shallow, honest employees); he gets a raise; his wife (take this) even get pregnant with his barren sperm! And this skinny kid manages to dig his first goal in the field of darning when it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etc etc! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ in such a ruthless way. Yes, there were many miracles in my family, as well as gifts and consolations, and I attribute them to God's grace and mercy. But God is not a tap that you turn on and off by being good or bad! It's basically a secret; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but really. It's a long, hard slogan on the way to fulfillment, and things NEVER do not turn out to be what you thought. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But because of its highest shallowness and total escapism, this tank is extremely limited to 1/10. The bad schemes of the acting and sports cinema seem to be mere pimples next to leprosy falsehoods that this movie inadvertently pushes. <br /> <br /> All future churches planning to make a movie: do not be afraid to show REAL life, even you have to add uncomfortable truth to the mix. No matter how popular the sugar candy is delighted, no one learned anything significant about it. Give us meat, bones, REAL things! Real life applies to everyone, not just to Christians, and this is one aspect of "Facing the Giants" that can not be understood.
