It seems to me that some films that were banned during the history of cinema were in fact very important and very good films. I would argue that instead of forbid ambitious, controversial films, censors should consider banning movies that are so bad that they pose a threat to your IQ and your mental health. If that were the case, one of the first films that will soon hide, would undoubtedly be "Stroker Ace". This movie is horrible with a large "A". This is the worst movie in which Burt Reynolds ever played ... quite an achievement for the man from "Cannonball Run II", "Cop And A Half" and "Rent-A-Cop" in his CV! <br /> <br /> The wafer story introduces us to the successful race car Stroker Ace (Reynolds), a man who loves fast cars and fast women. He got stuck in a degrading agreement with the crooked promoter Clyde Torkle (Ned Beatty). The contract requires him to humiliate the promotional work for a new chain of fast food restaurants, such as dressing up as a giant chicken. The mix includes Lugs (Jim Nabors), the dark buddy of Ace and Pembrook Feeney (Loni Anderson), a bimbo with a brain with a fraction slightly smaller than the peas, which is infatuated with Ace. <br /> <br /> Hal Needham, the director of this low-level trash, was once a stuntman and made many films based on his experience in staging spectacular stunts and car racing. Some of these films were fine, like "Hooper" and "Stunts Unlimited", but thanks to "Stroker Ace" he achieved nadir careers. The characters are so stupid that you really feel pity for the actors who play them. Especially Anderson is burdened with such a stupid role that he makes you grit his teeth in despair. Humor is weak and infantile all the time, and acrobatics and racing sequences are nothing short of remarkable. Even the performances during the final credits (which can be found in all Reynolds-Needham bands) are generally unpleasant, which gives the impression that the film was not too funny. "As stroker" is a smelly of considerable size.
