Scarecrow is one of those films that, with a little more acting, a slightly larger direction and a much more logical story, would be quite attractive as a horror entry. In the current version, it is still a scary movie that has solid makeup and gore effects, as well as a premise that sustains the mood of terror despite itself. And hey, there are no teenagers killed one by one - only stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change of pace. And the plot is amazingly similar to Dead Birds, with a violent robbery, an abandoned terrible home in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But like Dead Birds, adults are still mindless, running unhurriedly before being killed one by one, and ignoring the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> However, in Scarecrows we will never know what is why, and this sustains the creep atmosphere. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Ray Bolger. Escaping in a kidnapped plane with a pilot and his daughter, after a robbery of millions, a para-military group is twice crossed by one of them; a very nervous guy named Burt. Jumps out of the plane using a large and heavy box in which money is kept, apparently has no plans on how to move it when it is on the ground. As the dumbest of the whole group, he is first murdered. But not before he happens in Fowler's mansion, huddled among the many scary-looking scarecrows, and surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and a multitude of warnings to stay away. A strange weather vane on the roof, with pitchfork and pterodactyl, should also be a warning sign. The interior of the house is also quite a bad feeling (for us, the audience, anyway). <br /> <br /> Annoyingly, we have to listen to Burt's thought in her voice as she walks around and mysteriously encounters the key to a rotten truck in the yard. The way in which the key appears is enough for my pants - with me in them - to go out through the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really like to watch people's lips move on the screen, even when they think aloud. It helps to intensify the action and gives the actor more to do than looks just like the lektor says. Burt picks up the box onto the truck and escapes. Sure, why not? Decrepit trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially at today's prices and battery? no problem. I have already mentioned that Burt was the dumbest of the whole group and that's why (of course, apart from the above). Wearing night vision goggles to go through the leaves and find a home, he takes them to drive away in a truck, and instead turns on the headlights to see where he's going. Of course, the scammers still see the headlights of their truck on the plane and know where it's going. Excellent. He deserves to die. Definitely. I'm not sure why he needed night-vision goggles at all, because every scene is brightly lit, from the inside of the plane to the nighttime scenery and the house. The operator was either short-sighted, I had just finished school, or c. Dealing with really cheap movies. <br /> <br /> Burt meets death when the truck dies in the middle of nothing. Conjecture. One very nice touch, and I must admit that a few in the film is the fact that when he opens the truck cover, there is no engine. Terrifying to be sure (and re-add a comment to the trousers). The logic of the tale fails when dead, now stuffed like a flounder with money and a straw board, returns home. The rest of the group is there, rough, then realizes that it is indeed dead, and was gutted and stuffed like flounder with money and straw. Dead Burt will manage to fight quite a bit and grab one man by the mouth, pushing him through the window, causing him to bite more than he could chew in the bloody scene. At this point, you would think that they would leave the house and return to the plane - but noooo, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt is a dead episode treated rather matter-of-factly, although one bright bulb in this group is arguing, "Burt walked dead, for chrissakes!" <br /> <br /> Stolen money suddenly appears on the ground in front of the house, and the crooks carelessly approach the lure. Soon another of them is sent, Jack, and again the scene is well made and terrifying, with a dull hand saw and no anesthesia. Now there are three scarecrows that sit in chaos, and one of them needs a hand, literally. <br /> <br /> When one of the scammers sees a scarecrow and Jack gets scared, he starts screaming, running like hell, and shooting a typical paramilitary pistol. That's it when it comes to this training under pressure. He meets with others and stops to explain why he screams, runs away like hell and shoots a gun, although it seems that the scarecrow is chasing him. Again, this scripting logic ... Dead and gutted, Jack returns home and follows a scream with normal results. If you're listening to Jack's demonic snarl, by the way, you may notice, depending on your age, that it's the same, snarling monster sound that is often heard in the Lost In Space television series. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors escape from home and return to the plane, barely escaping. But are they? You need to find out to see the movie.
