Funny fluff that mixes his mistake, trying to make sense. Joan, this time as a congresswoman, Agatha Reed, chairwoman of the committee on "researching high food costs." Congresswoman Reed says: "The housewife has too long on the back of the neck. I will fight long enough for the American family to take a vacation once a year, watch the film every week and feed the Elephant Pear every now and then. "The whole thing, but it becomes triumphant when it is awarded the honorary title from Good Hope College, where it was expelled for the crime of staying all night long (the parallel to Joanna's real life is obvious here, as in all Joan Kino.) This degree causes a lot of consternation on the campus ("This would make the most widespread institution in the history of education!") but Joan he is not aware of this when he arrives. "The headmaster, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, in his best-looking release, is a former teacher, Joan, and a lover." She spent all night * with * him *, but Joan felt better just disappear than try to explain to the skeptical college that they are going to get married. Of course, this is a loud event will be covered by the magazine * Life * ?? and who is the photographer? Yet another of Joan's old lovers? the one who spent time in China "during the war," and he thinks Joan might be struggling with his old flame. Eve Arden, playing Joan's assistant, "Woodie", is in her church and the most intelligent in this film ?? with her frivolous and unnecessary remarks that would make her leave her job if you did not like her so much. But you do not just like Eve in it, as in all her roles, you adore her. She's so sick and senseless, you'd want to pay her just to spin around and be one of the boys. When Joan cries after arriving at his alma mater, Eve tells her that he "looks scary". But Joan says that maybe others see only a collection of buildings, she, Joan, sees the youth? alone at the age of 18 "eager, awaited? a little scared, asking "What is life? What is this? "But of course, if we really get into Joan's case at the age of 18, the truth may be a bit different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the main problem with watching Joan movies. You can call her heroes as you like, but it's always Joan. Because we always see that Joan is himself, it's easy to give up character names. It just gets confusing when Joan tries to tell us something untrue, like her description of herself at the age of 18? when we know that at the age of 18, Joan was already in the block several times. Many men would describe her as eager, and when it comes to expectations, she had several abortions at the moment. But this is a personal problem and digression, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "and then Joan does it", this or that, or "We see Joan as ..." when we do not watch the house movie literally. <br /> <br /> Is the accidentally funny moment in which Joan receives the doll Clara Bow, which she left in college? fast arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were peers and this is a transparent trick that makes us believe that Joan is much younger than he looks. It did not work out. What also fails is an attempt at political correctness in the early 1950s. In this story, Joan wrote a book on freedom of speech and made a film (no, not the one about a plumber), and draws attention to the radical campus of the 1950s, Dr. Pitt, to be released for his views that are shockingly similar to Joan's. At this point, the film mysteriously becomes a tale of morality - weak, to be sure, but perhaps the only thing that prevents him from slipping into oblivion.
