This movie was so bad that I do not know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest this year, which was also the first year in which I participated in Horrorfest, and I must say that Horrorfest and all his films carry false advertising to a whole new level. Crazy feelings for advertisers, because I am sure that they have caused many people to spend money and watch these movies this year. Hamiltons was the worst of those I saw (the others I saw were Unrest, Dark Ride and Reincarnation). The cover of the film and the trailer made it seem that the cannibal family terrorized the area, which I thought was quite interesting story, but after I was disappointed, discovering that it was a story about "maturing" about the boy's passing into being a vampire. Therefore, in this film drama prevails over any sense of horror. To make the plot even more absurd, they add to each other a set of horny twins who can not wait to "bite" each other, and some deadly creature locked in the basement, which if I discovered what it is "If the secret was not revealed on the same At the end of the movie, I would leave the theater in the middle of the movie. <br /> <br /> A complete waste of money and time. Cut out of the film for forty minutes and turn it into an episode on a show like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural, and it would get more praise. Absolute garbage! So bad that two years later I have to go back to IMDb and write a review about it, because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Also, when reading this, avoid other Horrorfest movies in the future. The most you can do is by borrowing them from Blockbusters or somewhere online. Horrorfest offers films by independent filmmakers who can not get on the big screen, and all the nonsense about "things that do not show in cinemas" did not refer to blood, courage or horror ... they referred to the movies themselves. Because they are terrifying. Think of Horrorfest as a lesser-known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but of horrors. <br /> <br /> I apologize for the whole "hatred", but next time think twice before fooling customers with their money.
