The Hamiltons tells the story of Hamilton's four siblings, Francis's (Cory Knauf) teenager, Wendell's twins (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the oldest David (Samuel), who is now a foster parent. Hamilton moves home very often, Franics is not sure why he is dissatisfied with the way things are. The fact that kidnapping his brother and sister, imprisonment and murder in the basement does not help, nor does it calm the nerves of Francis. Francis know something is wrong and when he finally learns the truth, things will never be the same ... <br /> <br /> Co-author, co-producer and director Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores as The Butcher Brothers (so far the only The remake of the film director is the remake of April Fool's Day (2008), quite rightly), it was one of the "Films to die" on 2006 After Dark Horrorfest (or whatever it is called) and Seeing that almost all others, I saw that The Hamiltons is a complete shit. I think that the character is very weak, very unlikely, and slow history has failed to capture my imagination or maintain interest within 85 and a half minutes of too long 86 minutes. In the end there is a terrible surprise that made me laugh out loud, there is really a long and lasting expansion of what is in the locker in the basement of Hamiltons and it turned out that he is a small boy with a teddy bear. Is it really meant to scare us? Does it really shock us? Is this really something that should tell us about how the end credits end? Is a harmless looking young boy the best "twist" that creators can come up with? Boring intrigue stretches, you never know where Hamiltoni draws all the money to buy new homes, because none of them seems to work (except David in the slaughterhouse and I doubt he pays a lot) or why they have not been caught before. The script tries to mix in the everyday drama with great terror and it just does a terrible job combining these two elements to the extent that none of these aspects is unforgettable or effective. A really bad movie I'm fighting to say anything good about. <br /> <br /> Although it is written and directed by the extreme-sounding Butcher Brothers, there is no gore, there is a bit of blood splattering and a few scenes of girls chained in the basement, but nothing that you could not do at home with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a camera. The film is neither frightening, and because it has a very suburban middle class environment, there is no atmosphere or mood. He is a lesbian and suggestive incestuous kiss, but The Hamiltons is low on the operating scale, and there is not much for a crowd of horrors. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma, California has this modern, low-budget look, it's not badly done, but rather forgotten. The acting of an unknown (cast) cast is nothing to write about at home and I can not say that I've ever felt anything for anyone. <br /> <br /> Hamiltons commits the main sin of being both boring and boring that never recovers. Add to this an ultra-thin story, no gore, a junk ending and a character that you can not throw into your eyes and you have a movie that did not impress me.
