Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". The action takes place in Hawaii, it is a crime drama of action / adventure, many scenes depict boats, palms, polyester fabrics and flashy shirts ... in the supporting role it even plays the role of the hero of "Zulu". Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes is supposed to be some secret agent from the front line, and the supporting cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed and operated over the years. It filled up quite the demand in the crime fictional market in Hawaii. Code name: Diamond Head could have been intended as a hier to H50, because the older series eventually shrunk ... but it turned out to be a redundant copy of the second rate. It is not good for anything, but it is completely derivative and does nothing as good as the original. <br /> <br /> There's some decent acting talent here. Thinnes is an old professional who gives his role the best shot and is not bad. But Thinnes is as good as his material and director. Ian McShane is here as a bad spy master named "Tree", and McShane is the most interesting actor in every scene in which he appears. But he's calling here. Frances Ngyuen looks quite exotic, but her astounding thinness, opaque features, thick accent and wooden delivery are not the things you dream about. Relying on it to provide "romantic interest" to Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series aimed at white viewers brought up with Marsh Brady and Peggy Lee as our goddesses of love. Give her another 30 pounds and a year using a dialogue / voice coach, and she can stop him. Zulu is, well, his usual pleasure in pieces, but he is not a person who can function. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and dialogue are strictly numbers, there is nothing that would distinguish them from other productions by Quinn Martin. At this point, the American TV audience saw a lot of QM production ... I think "CN: DH" was far too much and sank without a trace. It was not the fault of the actors, and I hope that they left this with a decent payment and one more entry about C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revived it for their treatment in the sixth season and they had a lot of fun with them. It is worth looking in this version, if you like the MST approach to the movie japery and lampoon, but I can not imagine anyone who would take care of this pilot for any other reason.
