As mentioned by others, this movie is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and the less-known science-fiction movie ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that these two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. METAMORPHOSIS did not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting fantasy science story in which improper people and improper actors playing roles were responsible. <br /> <br /> The story is followed by scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessive man working on a genetic cure for aging and death. When the university for which he is working threatens to reduce funding, he decides to inject himself in an anti-aging serum. As a result, Dr. Houseman spends the rest of the film slowly on the lizard. And yes, watching a good doctor goes through the process of becoming this lizard is a great joy. It is really so bad that it is good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was that?" "Nightmare ... from the past!" <br /> <br /> A lot of reviews that I read in this section show how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie are . I intend to spoil it: a good doctor goes from being a shuffling half-human, half-lizards to being a man in the rejected costume of Godzilla, when the police will finally shoot him. In the last scene, an unbearable kid seen with a small animal lizard, about whom he claims he will never die, and the heroine of the film, Sally Donnelly (Katarzyna Baranow), apparently decides that the little lizard is Dr. Houseman's last incarnation. The camera gives us a close-up face of a lizard; this, I think, is the way the director shows us that the lizard is BAD. Yes, it's stupid, but I laughed, so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Megapack film Chilling Classics I bought. I'm sure that many of those who are reading this did exactly the same because package 50 is the only way to see this movie on DVD. If you recently bought a box set and have not watched this movie yet, it's really worth spending your time, even if I just ruin the ending for you. It may also be possible to find this movie online for free.
