"Metamorphosis" has a small cult value because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian colleague is more or less a personification of male madness and appeared in almost every rancid production of Joe D'Amato in the late 70's and early 80's. Would not it be interesting for die-hard Euro-cult buyers to have the only film directed by a guy who was always in the "Erotic nights of the living dead"? I thought so! Now, unlike the films he played in, Eastman's "Metamorphosis" disappoints gore and sleaze. There are several unpleasant murders, cheesy effects of monsters and naked female bodies (in the guest appearances the guest queen Laura Gemser!), But it's mainly a talkative film. Handsome and eloquent Dr. Houseman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough in his research on human DNA codes, when suddenly the university for which he works threatens to cancel his funds. He developed a theory of decoding genes and blocking the aging process of people, but if he does not present detailed reports in the near future, his research will be stopped. So Dr. Houseman does what any intelligent scientist would do and inject unproven serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the title suggests), it slowly turns into a murderous monster that actually grows older faster! In other words, his research sucked out! Like other reviewers mentioned above, this film "lends" many ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly"? in this dramatic affair - but does not add any originality. The big difference is that you still feel connected to the character of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fly", while Dr. Houseman becomes another monster that needs to be destroyed as soon as possible. The aspect of "fast aging" reminded me of the underestimated griallo Ruggero Deodato "Phantom of death", only the protagonist in this film inherited the disease and did not do it to himself. However, the physical deterioration of the media is very similar in both films. Few fears and excitement to discover here, instead the movie contains a lot of bad action, bad lighting, poor editing and a completely delayed climax. Forget about it.
