If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you're looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget about your troubles. I do not think the role models are the movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film focuses on Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) Two juice promoters who go to product promoting schools, telling children who want to stay away from drugs and more juice. But Danny has the worst week in her life and breaks down his company car with Wheeler on the seat next to him. Soon, his ex-girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, manages to avoid jail, making hours in the community, working as a volunteer in a big brother called Sturdy Wings, run by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old, and has nasty lips such as Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse), who likes to dress like a knight and fight like in the Middle Ages. But will it be good for Danny and Wheeler, will they be better in prison? <br /> <br /> Okay, I will not beat the bush, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely, the character Ronnie, hearing these bad words coming out of this young kid, was very shocking. If he was a little older, he would not have so much matter. I mean what his parents thought when they signed him. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so unbearable, maybe I should feel bad because of her character, but I felt nothing because she is annoyingly predictably portrayed as a woman who will be played in such comedies. And Jane Lynch, who is the worst of the worst. Provides the highest performance in history. Playing the former drug addict who acts as if she was still on drugs. Listening to her, all this annoying dialogue made me want to throw my head on the wall. Seann William Scott once again plays a different character Stifler, he should really try to split up, and this movie will not do it. And the more Scott tries to be funny, which prevents him from being funny. <br /> <br /> Now Paul Rudd, on the other hand, separates himself from the others in the film, because he manages to ensure a solid performance, although he does not laugh above, but is the most interesting figure from the rest. Because Rudd does not care and does not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are visible. But the rest of the movie is so stupid that it sometimes rises. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. He reminds that such comedies do not try anything new, but they have no chance. An example of this are role models.
