(Only minor spoilers, except what is marked). <br /> <br /> Recently, I liked a lot of Spanish cinema; both the real Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar and Latin American cinema directors such as del Toro, whose magnificent "Devil's Backbone", set in Civil War Spain, was the best horror of the last decade. It is not a surprise, then, that this film is both well made, well made, and it manages to maintain this different Spanish atmosphere. But the movie is just as nasty and pointless as one would hope he will not have to see it. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all this? We have no idea what caused the terrifying character on stage to set off on his deadly side, despite the fact that large amounts of narrative narratives come directly from his own narcissistic writing. In the routinely unpleasant starting sequence, set more than a decade earlier, we see how the central figure kills his girlfriend in the anger of jealousy and control eccentricity ("if I can not have you, no one can."). Oddly enough, this is probably one of the best sequences in the movie, but there is no clear connection to his subsequent killing madness, which seems completely different in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to cause this change? We have no idea, although we will later discover, as an absurd kind of later reflection, that he obtained the title of lawyer during his imprisonment. <br /> <br /> In Great Britain, in some of our famous "serial killers" or "sex" cases of killers, a terrible question arises; what about my wife? Did she know or suspect what was going on? This is a question that the film could ask, and the wife begins to appear as one of the most intriguing characters. But trite, the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, she's not." Even if a dramatic opportunity, such as this, is presented on the album, the film still manages to deepen it. Everything that we actually receive, sketched at the end, is its somewhat amoral readiness to earn on revenue after the event. Compare this to the horrible moment of revelation at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says, "You know what I mean?" thus sealing our own fate and allowing us to look at the unimaginable chasm of suppressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (Main spoiler in this paragraph). In the meantime, we have to believe that the killer himself is a criminal brain that comprehensively overtakes the police, thus securing the shortest imprisonment in the psychiatric hospital, before he is released so that he can kill again. How exactly did he achieve it? At this point, the plot becomes extremely sketchy; something to do with the deliberate leaving of police to the police; but how everything works or why, or how another lawsuit proceeds, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> Actually, I do not believe that serial killers are like that. Silence of lambs can be comic, but ?? Aside from Lecter? he gets the right of serial killers. They are deeply concerned, deeply dysfunctional, deeply inadequate; not the terrifying charming champion presented here (closely related to the equally unbelievable polite killer of The Last Horror, and even Man Bites Dog, though it seems that he has not been noticed that it is a satire). <br /> <br /> This movie has little uncertainty, and turns off a little plot that the plot could have generated. There is nothing useful to say about the motivation of serial killers, either in general or in the specific cultural environment of Spain. This is nothing more than a poorly excused excuse to show women a rather misogynistic violence. And what's strange is that what makes violence even more repulsive is some insidious failure of nerves, even in the way it's presented. The soft core of what is shown makes it seem even more repellent. Only one clear shot, properly planned, would be infinitely more shocking, and the rest would be completely unnecessary, freeing up more film time to brighten the holes in the story and make-up. Instead, we just get endless shots of young women who are sensitively spreadeagled on the table in their nice but slightly revealing underwear. Very, very scary. I'm sorry for being rude; I love horror movies and I can tolerate even the most extreme ones, even in the case of my partner's anxiety. But I think that anyone who considers this movie as good or interesting, even I will leave myself. The goal of horror is to scare you; it is simply lewd. <br /> <br /> It leaves a very bad taste in your mouth. I have to give the film more than one star only because it is well made, but morally does not deserve any and should never have been made.
