The disappearance takes place in the Mojave desert as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) and their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) together with Ethan (Jamie Croft), a friend of the family traveling, stopping on the side of the road and ask about an old abandoned mining town on a map called Weaver. No one claims to have heard about it, but it is definitely there and the family decides to make a detour to check it out and take some pictures. Once in the city they take pictures and look around, but when it's time to leave the car, they do not want to run and have to spend the night there. Looking around, they find a videotape they only play to discover the shots of a terrified woman who says all her friends have disappeared the next morning and their car disappears when things take a very sinister turn. What is the Weaver's secret? Will Henley ever stay alive ... <br /> <br /> Written, co-producer and producer directed by Walter Klenhard. I have to say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating films I've ever seen. For the first 85 minutes it was quite a mysterious mix of thrillers and horror movies, but then we are treated as one of the worst endings in film history. The script suggests many different things, but it never develops or confirms, and I was sitting there intrigued by what was happening, from the mysterious disappearance of the family car, the last four graves, abandoned mine jobs, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden and unexplained disappearance of Ethan and his, just like the unexplained reappearance, sinister motives of the sheriff, raging compass in the car, broken plane, city residents denying the existence of the Weaver and possible side effects of dropping a neutron bomb near Weaver in the 40's but all are thrown out of the window and, as we know, these could be completely separate random events. Everything was going well and it was created for the great discovery, but none was coming and instead I was treated as the most ambiguous, weird, surrealistic and even frustrating ending possible. If nothing else, the ending contradicts what has happened before and leaves the viewer more questions than answers. It's almost as if the creators had these great ideas, but then they did not know what to do with them and they just did it on the spot. I just felt that I put so much effort into watching a movie that can sometimes be quite slow, without any reward, and in fact the ending seemed like a kick to the teeth or a good salute of two fingers! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard does a good job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere, and the vast, vast desert areas give a sense of isolation. It's well made, but what did they think with this ending? Nothing fits, nothing makes sense and it's just a huge frustrating mess that leaves you confused for almost an hour and a half and you want to know more. Despite being a horror film, there is no blood or blood, although there are one or two terrible moments here. The film resembles the remake of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for large parties, because it is before this movie that it has to face a bizarre ending that does nothing to close the film. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations and photos. A set in America, but filmed in South Australia. Acting is okay with a decent cast. <br /> <br /> Disappearing is really a strange movie that for a long time appears as a neat thriller of horror, but it never explains anything that is going on and is really a surreal ending just throws more questions than answers. I really do not see anyone making head and tail, I can not really.
