This production has never broken away from me. The story is cut so that it can be chaotic, and the production is so short that if you do not read the novel or see a better adaptation (like the one from 1995 with Amanda Root), you'll be a bit lost because there is no time for development form. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the cast was not really what it should be. Mrs. Croft was much too old, just like Anna's older sister, Elizabeth. Mary pronounced everything in such pulsating accents that the general misery and egoism of her character became lost. Much better was Mary Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and sense of bad use are so well established that until Wentworth suggests that Annie be left with injured Louisa and Mary, items she, as Louisa's sister-in-law, should be Imagine that someone less adapted to it. In this version it might as well remain, because it is not sufficiently distinguished from anyone else in production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to look at, but he made a much better St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because this character required a less presumed depth of affection. I agree with the previous comments about the concert scene: it seemed that he tried to get rid of Anna, and not do her a favor. Similarly with the accident scene: it happens so quickly and with such a small context, you are wondering what is going on in this confusion. The shift of speech overheard by Wentworth in the novel at the beginning of this production is a critical mistake that only contributes to the chaotic nature of the scenario. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was lighting. Sometimes, everything looked like a CSI morgue scene - very blue. Another time, the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to recognize the scene well when Anne visits her old school friend Mrs. Smith (who, incidentally, is going to be more or less paralyzed.) She has to run up to her to tell her Mr. Elliot's horrible character was such a violation that for a moment I could not think who she was - I thought he was one of the Musgrove girls ... All the girls were almost interchangeable ... And the running scene at the end ... in an era in which decency It was hard to imagine the delicate Anne tearing Bath like some demented hoyden How can you be stupid Sally Hawkins had all the makings of getting good Anna Elliot, but she was completely embarrassed by a badly organized script and too much cut production.
