I really did not want to see this. It looked like it was an old Raj Kanwar movie that disgusted me before I even started watching it, because I do not even consider it a close average filmmaker. The only reason I did that, of course, is Shahrukh Khan's appearance in the film. I did not even know what the film was about, because I was sure it would be a mere fairy tale. I imagined the love story of Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with a significant supporting role as Rishi Kapoor, whom I thought would play her father or uncle. And to my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is really a hero! He is the one who affairs with the young Divia! I was saddened when I learned that Shahrukh had a small part of the substance and the same, only in the second part of this idiotic film. <br /> <br /> Let me repeat the question: why would he be 17 years old adorable Divya dropped to a 40-plus long-haired, chubby, swollen pig like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to take this part; the only thing he did was make fun of him. He was affair with a girl who could logically be younger than her daughter, and worse - act like a teenager in her forties. Besides, to become more pathetic, play the pop-gwiazdkę ... <br /> <br /> To be clear, I have no problems with actors affair with women much younger than themselves. As long as they are a convincing pair, it should not be a problem. In fact, leading actors have always been cast opposite young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and made the pairing quite good. Besides, I do not mind Rishi Kapoor, I think he's a good actor, and his act at Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but it's not like he's in the movie like, say, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan looks today. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and because of that everyone watched the movie, Shahrukh Khan made his debut. He aimed very little, which allowed him to do it. The late Divya Bharti also made a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, go only to the other half. Personally, I would not even do it.
