I am not one of those people who will leave the film based on the source material and will automatically say: "The book was better." I know better than to lower the value of the movie just because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and many decisions that refer to the creation of the film, which sometimes are beyond the control of the director / editor / operator / producer, and certainly beyond the control of the original author. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect that the video will be exactly the same, word for word, like a book or game or video game or Disneyland Ride, or whatever! The film should be assessed according to its own standard and how it suits the society. What's more, a successful film should be created because the material is suitable for the society to which it belongs, and if it is based on source material, its meaning must be re-examined and strengthened by filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Films like There Will Be Blood follow this paradigm because, based on a novel written at the turn of the 19th and 20th century, Oil!, it seems to be important because of things like war and energy in Iraq is concerned with the country of origin of the film, the USA, has been and is experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technologies and concerns about animal rights that people have. <br /> <br /> By saying this, I do not understand why they even took the trouble to make this movie? In addition to great performances, guaranteed Oscar prizes and Shanley's director / writer's fees and the fees he receives, this film appears to come from nowhere. He should just stay as a game. The film (which is basically the same as art) does not say anything new about the blameworthy sexual atrocities committed and in many cases hidden by the Catholic church here and abroad. It says nothing new or different than the original game. I can not help but compare this movie to another film, which appeared more or less at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on art. Frost / Nixon, although he regrets Nixon, seems important because it seems that he came at a time when President Bush was about to leave the office. The regrets that Nixon had, as shown in the play / film, about the war and his presidency, might well reflect Bush and his presidency. In this respect, Frost / Nixon seemed more appropriate and actually benefited from wider distribution through the movie because it made people talk and discuss the political status quo at that time in the country. In contrast, Doubt felt like it was yesterday's news and did not seem to offer anything that the game does not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is "good", the performances are outstanding, and the adaptation of the script is accurate, but so what? Why did not it just stay in the game? Why, apart from marketing and financial reasons, do you make a movie out of it? This gave the audience nothing new to discuss this horrible topic.
