The Oscar season has come so it means that a lot of these deep, immersive, strong movies of the band are in cinemas in the hope of winning the audience and the opportunity to get the best picture in the big show. Among them is this film based on a very popular and well-received art. The original playwright was in fact the writer and director of film adaptation; which is a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who better translates art than the original writer? On the other hand, who better not to see the mistakes and drawbacks of the game and not fix them than the writer himself? Doubt combines excellent acting and a lot of tension and tension; with a frustrating ending, unnecessary dialogue, dubious targeting and, of course, the inability to provide meaningful answers. Among these "high-end" films, the tendency is not to answer all the questions that it provides, and this must stop. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke with no punch lines, like a book missing from the last 20 pages, like losing a reception desk while watching the fourth quarter of a feverishly controversial soccer game, and like 50 cents to continue the arcade game and see what's up will happen next. Doubt, like the previous best picture of frustration, without a country for old people, does not really end; it does not give us meaningful answers or it is not enough for us to get to the end. Yes, that was the intention, but it is not a trial of humanity, it's a fool. I do not pay money to see an unfinished work, I pay money to see the beginning, middle and end, and I pray that I will not fall asleep during the three acts. We are forced to become "writers" of the film, filling the empty space ourselves about what happened before and what will happen to the characters we saw shouting at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama is about a nun (Meryl Streep), who seems very confident that a well-beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) makes sexual progress towards a child who goes to church; the first African-American boy in a Catholic church. The church is secretly torn, does it really make shameful sins behind everyone's backs? The story gets staked when some children start behaving differently, which attracts the attention of the young teacher (Amy Adams). The story takes place right after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who shook the nation for a long time and questioned their faith in humanity and each other. <br /> <br /> Doubts have a strong team and also constantly involving tension, which is built slowly and never boiling over. Streep seems to be worthy of an Oscar in every role in which she is, and here it is no different, because her severity and cold behavior puts a blanket of fear on all students and some church employees. Hoffman once again excels as a priest, successfully combining suspicions with a charming personality and a friendly aura. Seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult to bear, especially when we suppose that we will like it and at the same time consider it; but Hoffman approaches the album with one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers fantastically. When these two are arguing, you can hear the fireworks flying without seeing any of them. But do not forget about Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Legal Order) for their great work. The Doubt casting team is one of the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as mentioned earlier, writing and directing ruin this movie, especially when the third act diminishes. There are questions, but there is no answer to them. Characters appear, but they do not provide a real improvement in relation to the story. Children behave differently, but we never really know why. There are uncomfortable angles in the camera and there is no reason. John Patrick Shanley, the author of the play, had one film in his director's repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Regardless of whether it is mere arrogance or stupidity, we are stuck in watching the exaggerated sequences of random conversation, the total irritating chatter that is boring without end (thanks to Mr. Shanley there was a two minute discussion about coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted) /> < br /> Bottom Line: No ending is a stupid trend that is just as annoying as working with cameras in action movies. It does not matter that we have a great, talented cast, a decent cinematography, good story or good use of sound and music; because we have a lot of unanswered questions that splatter throughout the film, which lasts over 100 minutes, but it does not even end! The translation from the movie game is good and quite accurate, because the original madmen are behind the project, but he also made mistakes and stupid hiccups from the game. In this decade, there have been a lot of hit and loud movies that could get a much higher score from me if they decided to add a few minutes of footage, or actually end up: Sideways, Cast away, No country for old people, Burn After Reading these are a few examples. <br /> <br /> News: finish your smelly movie. Please or at least give us a lot of tips so that we can easily fill in the empty space (like the depressing stories of Wall-E), instead of staring into space, when the loans suddenly begin to roll, and you have a sense of emptiness, confusion, and mental suffering. Please, have a beginning, middle and end !! As a critic, I prefer my films to be entirely, not incomplete. Doubt is incomplete, which is why it achieves an incompetent grade. <br /> <br /> Someone has to overcome this stupid trend.
