Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and awaiting execution on a spaceship designed only for this purpose. But tonight, the shooting will take place, and Kol escapes on a conveniently placed rescue capsule and flies towards Earth (which apparently is nearby). There, he confronts a group of "teenagers" (who look thirty) and a game guard (John Phillip Law), who help protect him from the worst nightmare ... bounty hunter and android kata (or actually "gynoid") Alienator. <br /> <br /> From the cover of the box I was sure it would be a horrible movie. But, as it turned out, it was terrible, there was also a lot of fun (probably at least partially, because I watched it with someone who is very amazing). Director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in creating over a hundred films of low quality (in particular "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), does what he does best, and combines a story that only makes sense and gives us basic information movables. Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (as "Tara"), of course at the low point of his career. <br /> <br /> Sure there are holes in the storyline. Why in California (allegedly in Los Angeles County, if I understand the head well) are the red highlanders. What is the sticky blouse of a space woman? Why is there a subplot about the ship's captain who is trying hard to get her heart when this story is nowhere? What the hell is "Kwadrant 5"? How does the wire from the chicken create an electromagnetic field that will close the android, but landmines practically do nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk, native American with emphysema? And the guy from Lund (Robert Clarke) ... is his character right? Does the game he plays with the captain make sense? Is this movie right? But the biggest secret is the android (or gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alienator"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner", only much bigger? Because, look, if something is a cyborg, it's partly human. But if it's an android, it's all a machine. It was an android, so there was no reason to look human. It could look like anything. However, the person who designed it made it the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a tricot that shows me too much. If you're going to create a female android, would not it be a target to be seductive and lure enemies? The mission was not carried out. They say that beauty takes on different shapes and sizes, but I think I have found a huge exception. <br /> <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" still existed, this movie would be on a very short list of films that have to be told. <br /> <br /> In addition to the nasty Alienator (sorry, Teagan, the weightlifter is disgusting) the movie is fine. Maybe there are not many stories and maybe the characters are not very interesting. Or maybe the stag scene is incredibly charming for no particular reason - what is the use of a deadly robot with a deer? But overall, I liked the movie. I will not push it to my friends or run to the local video store to pick up the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is just packed with amazing special features - no). I think, however, that this film is well spent and I am looking forward to similar adventures in the future.
