Made a year ahead of ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF THE SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANTATION and probably inspired producers behind Nazi sex-epics to continue their infamous films, because the stories are identical: wonderful, horny A strong (but stupid) blonde woman degrades and kills many people under her control, which everyone hates and desires of her death. Sounds familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, producer of ILSA films, are good friends and started their careers together. Of course, there is a connection. Looking at BLACKSNAK, I can not help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to go further and do something other than his typical busty women, because XXX films were furious in the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer's films, though full of nudity and kinkiness and violence they were never even close to real porn. His films began to look peculiarly to DEEP THROAT and other hardcore porn hits. Meyer knew that he could not compete with such films, and BLACKSNAK is in some sense the final result of such a dilemma in his career. Apparently he wanted to branch out into other unknown territory. But BLACKSNAK bombed in B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to making VIXEN-style movies that, even if they were still not pornographic, were far more exaggerated than any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> No wonder that BLACKSNAK was a failure. It's just terrible. Of basket-frame. Bad jaws. It's a quasi-camp approach to slavery if you can imagine it. The end result is a shock. In one moment, we're in the typical territory of Meyer: lively, funny and stupid, and then the next minute, a super serious meditation on slavery and violence. What? It just does not work. The aspect of slavery / racism is woefully wrong and turns the film into a real exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as nasty as ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and this type of movie, so I imagine that fans of the latter were disappointed by that, which would explain the almost lack of interest in this film from fans of exploitation or fans of Russ Meyer. Meyer blames the failure of BLACKSNAK because, I quote, "There is not enough breasts in her." I'm sorry, Russ, but the movie is just bad, breasts or no breasts. But he's right about the low amount of breasts. Apart from Anouska and the maid, the film cast is male. Meyer replaces his typical buxom babes with massive massive pecs, in the form of anonymous black actors playing slaves and the great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand, who is portrayed as a ruthless but wise gay who enjoys the power he has over men, you can only wonder what Meyer really tried to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAK stars David Warbeck, who is coveted by Anouska and her right hand. Poor David. The whole experience looks completely stunned. He seemed to have a good time making the movie, but it's clear that he sometimes does not know what's going on. And then there is Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... in the seventies, not in the seventies. With her make-up and hair, she looks like a typical British woman with a pin-up from the 70s of the twentieth century than from domination at the turn of the century. And her wardrobe is fun. At some point, he actually unbuts leather shoes! In those days I did not know that they had zip fasteners. But the character it plays itself is really humiliating (an unnecessary word game). It is nothing but a cipher of the object of desire and contempt for every man (and woman) on the island. For example, one night when David and Anouska are starting to act, her annoying slave driver enters the room, knocks unconscious David and tries to rape her, gropingly looking for him wildly. The next day the slave driver is still working for Anouski and they both act as if nothing happened. It's completely ridiculous. In any situation, if her character were a real person, Anouska would have thoughtlessly forced a slave driver and thrown his ass out of the island. Or he even killed him. But the fact that a woman keeps him on his plantation after he tried to rape her, extends the frail history and credulity of the characters to the maximum. <br /> <br /> Funny details, like this one, and the completely surprising angle of blaxploitation BLACKSNAKE is a strange, unpleasant but visible movie. The possibility of watching a train wreck in a variety. I just could not refrain from watching the movie to see all the groundless aspects of it all (perfect cinematography makes watching easier). So, this is a consumable movie, I think he managed to do what he was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAK is mainly for Russ Meyer.
