At a time when the constitution and principles on which the United States was based are being trampled by the administration desperately seeking to distract attention from their own internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are rejected unscrupulously, a state-controlled thriller of illegal activities that they go far beyond the actions of the terrorists they fight, they may seem appropriate. However, if you want to watch a movie about it, try to refute THE SIEGE by Ed Zwick instead, because NADA is one of the most infantile political thrillers. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director tackled a subject that seems completely unconscious, and impresses his ignorance on almost every frame. <br /> <br /> His terrorists are a wildly unconvincing group of stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses, as if he was in the audition for MAD Magazine tape "Spy vs. Spy, "Michel Duchaussoy behaves like an absurd KIDS IN THE HALL, who sends a professor of sociology from hell, Mariangela Melato, a middle-class cardboard revolutionary who behaves every unconvincing twist, as if they wanted to be caught. Corrupted authorities are doing a bit better, but they are still painted in unconvincingly wide strokes. <br /> <br /> It's possible to make an intelligent movie about stupid people (compare: ELECTIONS), but this is a stupid film about stupid people made by people who think they are intellectuals who talk to the masses. To tell the truth, if someone changed Testi, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result would be to raise the intellectual content of the film rather than lower it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol may have simply escaped his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his staging is so inept (fighting scenes would embarrass the kindergarten class while shooting for kidnapping is more inept than the kidnapping itself) and his his incapacity to get his cast to show at least some approximation of recognizable human behavior, so glaring that watching is really embarrassing (it should be mentioned here Duchaussoyu: so well in QUE LA BETE MUERE Chabrola, he is staggeringly evil in a performance that is so far behind him that he comes back again. <br /> <br /> Chabrol did some great movies, but you would never guess this amateurish mess - a newcomer to his work would never want to see another of his films after what It would be a great shame: total excitement and sad loss of potentially interesting material. One star out of ten - and this is very generous.
