I have watched several episodes of this series and discovered that some of its elements are quite interesting, considering the medical facts that can be learned. But it is completely disrupted and destroyed by the endless immoral relationships of the protagonists of the series. It seems that everyone slept almost everyone, even during business hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. It seems that throughout the performance there is no single permanent marriage or relationship - everyone is broken and prowling - almost not a real reflection of all Americans. Indeed, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it is really full. <br /> <br /> Then we present endless small "moral dilemmas" and they are usually solved in such a way that nobody belittles anyone who disagrees with omniscient degenerate leadership and private practice personnel. For example, in one of the last episodes we present an extremely rare situation of a child who was born with an uncertain gender, and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the procedure, because we are to allow the child to decide later on his gender. Anyone who disagrees with it is depicted as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think that anyone who opposes abortion would be offended by the way the show treats pro-lifers. Addison commented that no man can make an opinion on this matter, and only one villain received dignity for opposing an abortion for moral reasons. The general impression was that if you oppose abortion, you're a freak - not very popular moods in the US. Two of the protagonists of the series nonchalantly mention that they had abortions when they were younger and did not apologize or regret it, although research has shown that women can undergo severe depression. What's more, the young girl comes to the clinic for an abortion, and then thank the employees on the way out, and someone talks about how they helped this young person and it was something to rejoice. The script could be written by Planned Parenthood. <br /> <br /> In summary, it is a cheap program that lacks a future, unless it decides to present more real relationships than just completely unbelievable relations with telenovelas and far-reaching medical situations throughout the entire performance.
