The Choke starts out as a rock band known as The Choke, preparing for a performance at the club "Club 905", owned and run by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Lead vocalist Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell the other band members, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they both go solo and their services will no longer be needed. Once in the club, Dylan is getting ready, but Mike does not show up and the concert turns into a disaster. Then when the team thinks things can not be worse, they find a dead body in the basement, that all the doors have been blocked, so they can not get out and can not trust anyone that a mysterious killer starts collecting them one by one ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mass. The Choke is a standard teenager who really has nothing to do. Scenario Jessica Dolan and Susannah Lowber (not many horror movies written there by ladies ...) have surprisingly good characters and smart dialogue, but while it is much better than many modern camera-type horror shots in this respect, it's so slow and boring, that even a few interesting characters can not get anywhere close to writing it. As you might expect, all the usual clichés of younger teenagers are used, from an isolated place from which victims can not escape, casts of nice looking teenagers who are still sharing, a few murders and a really bad ending that tries to imitate something like Scream (1996) and be surprising, but it does not make sense when you think about it logically (they could not do a few things that they had) and even worse guessed who the killer was quite early and although I do not want to brag, I was there. There is also the fact that the creators of The Choke felt that the audience would be having fun, showing the infinite (well, that it feels infinitely while watching) the scene of teenagers walking in the dark corridors, doing nothing special, sorry, but there are so many such scenes, which I can take before they become tedious. The number of killings is low, at first everyone decides to stick together (good idea), but then everyone just randomly decides to divide and go their different ways (bad idea, when the killer is on the loose), the pace is lethargic, the killer scenes are unimaginable, and in addition, the twisting ending is poor. <br /> <br /> Director Mas is doing well, the film looks mostly good, although there are strange situations in which he uses some annoying post production editing technique, like slow motion or skipping frames. Gore levels are not really zero, there's some blood splattering, a guy with a hole in his chest, some dead bodies and somebody pierced with metal posts. Most killings happen outside of the ax screen, killing a good example of a movie that does not actually show anything. Because the film is about a rock band, there is quite a rock soundtrack with really awful, horrible rock songs. I'm sorry, rock lovers, but for me this is just nonsense. It is not terrifying, there is no real atmosphere, and the lack of blood and gore is unforgivable when the rest of the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of around $ 1,000,000, the choke is well made production, looks cheap, but not as cheap as many low-budget horror movies. Apparently shot dead at a place called Spokane in Washington. Acting is one of the strongest points in the movie, because it is generally quite good, I mean that no one will win the Oscar, but he is not half angry. <br /> <br /> Choke is a routine. Shout a teenager in a style that has one of the weakest endings in history and a criminal lack of blood, blood, violence, nudity and dead bodies. I mean, if the slasher does not have sex or gore, why? These are the only things that the average slasher is worth watching, right?
