"Carriers" track the exploits of two men and two men in a stolen Mercedes with the word "road warrior" on the bonnet that drives the highway to the beach with surfboards attached to the top of the car. Brian (Chris Pine from "Star Trek") rides, and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo from "Coyote Ugly") has a rifle, while Brian's younger brother, Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci from "Fanboys") and his friend - not to the end of the girl - Kate (Emily VanCamp from "The Ring 2") occupies the backseat. This quartet of twenty heroes lives in a nightmare. Apparently, the viral pandemic - which absolutely nothing is mentioned by co-authors and scripts Alex Pastor and David Pastor - destroyed America. Naturally, the lack of exposure expires at least fifteen minutes, which would slow down this cynical melodrama about how people degenerate in a crisis and become their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you shingles and then you bleed and die. Most run around in white masks tied to the nose and mouth with a thin rubber band. Initially, the four of them encounter desperate father Frank (Christopher Meloni from "Runaway Bride") and his beautiful daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka from "Land of the Lost") blocking the highway with his SUV. Brian turns around Frank when he tries to defeat them, but at that time the oil sump in their Mercedes breaks and they sit on foot. They are reluctant to go with Frank after they close Jodie in the back of the SUV. He wears a mask on his nose and mouth and is spotted with blood. Frank has heard that doctors heal sick people in the hospital and go to him. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor gives the last pair of Kool-Aid children who will free them from misery. Treatment did not improve their condition. Everyone else in the city is dead. Kate is unsuccessfully trying to get a dial tone in every phone. Frank realizes he has no hope for his daughter and lets the heroic quartet adjust his SUV and take off. <br /> <br /> Indeed, "Carriers" qualifies as a constantly depressing movie about the effects of a pandemic on four nice people who turn into deadly murderers to protect themselves. They reach the village club and play on the golf course until the next four appear in suits and masks with rifles with a pump. Unbelievable that our heroes manage to escape without a shot, but Brian has fear when he almost falls into the water with a floating corpse. Eventually they discover that one of them has been infected. Later, when the gas is about to end, Brian blocks the freeway like Frank at the beginning. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christian women driving a car. Danny is lying that his pregnant wife is going to give birth and needs their help. Brian throws caution in the wind and throws at the lady with an automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian catches a snail in the passenger's leg, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" are not a movie about beer and pizza, from which you can laugh or laugh, because humor almost does not exist. At the end of this 84-minute film our heroes have turned into villains who care only about themselves and their situation. Chris Pine gives the impression that having fun Brian and his energetic performance is the only reason to stick to this hokum, while the only known actress, Piper Perabo, is transferred to the irrelevant role of the girl. As Bobby commits a tragic mistake, showing the compassion of a dying girl and pays a terrible price. This is proof that Pine can change his character to the point of putting himself ahead of others. Essentially, Pine has the only role that gives him the opportunity to attract eighty from a lucky guy to a soulless guy. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers and will never allow the flag of momentum. Because there is no relief in sight, "carriers" fall into predictability. "Irréversible" operator Benoît Debie performs a fantastic job with his wide-angle lens and as distasteful as this trip, Debie makes it look like a dynamic movie. In addition to the lack of a happy ending or closure in any sense of the word, "Carriers" suffers because it is so terribly cynical. The scene in which the German Shepherd attacks Danny causes the greatest tension, but even that could be improved. Unfortunately, the Pastors brothers are not threatening either tension or tension. By fading, you really do not care what happens to anyone.
