In the late 1970s, the animator Don Bluth, frustrated with the production of his Disney company, fled from Mouse House to create his own studio. His first production, THE MYSTERY NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still holds well today. Then came American TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, which were created under the influence of Steven Spielberg and were commercially successful. Although none of the two films had the villain NIMH, they are still very cute, enjoyable functions for both children and adults. Soon, however, Don Bluth suffered the first serious ceasefire with ALL PAWES GO TO HEAVEN; critics were particularly harsh in this film, and the case was not helped by the fact that it opened with Disney LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Given that the movie has such a friendly title, you could expect ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN to be a nice family meal. Instead, Bluth presents a surprisingly dark story related to gambling, fraud, crime, mistreatment and murder. This is not a problem for the animated film itself, but it questions whether the film is intended for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether adults will find many things that will appeal to ALL PSOM GO TO HEAVEN. In short, it is a film with a serious identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Located in a gloomy scrap yard in New Orleans, the film begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a rough German shepherd, courtesy of the car of his former casino gambler, nasty, puffing cigar, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie is in heaven, though by default. Here the whippet angel, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because, unlike humans, dogs are usually loyal and nice." This line shows the mixed nature of the film, because the dogs in the film, the whippet aside, are presented as something else. <br /> <br /> After realizing he was murdered, Charlie steals the road to Earth and threads to get even from Carface. With reluctant help from his Dachshund, Itchy's finger, Charlie "saves" Carface's reward, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win races). Charlie says he'll help a little friend find her family, but in fact he uses his skills to win a fortune during the race so he can build a more sophisticated casino to bring Carface down. Although I do not want to admit it, Charlie adores AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not as problematic as the performance. Apart from the human girlfriend AnneMarie and the extravagant musical alligator, who appears about three-quarters (with Ken Page's vocal pipes), none of the other characters appear so sympathetically, and to be honest, it's not even worth taking care of. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; trying to make him an antihero, the script (composed by more than ten writers) succeeds only in character rendering too unlowable. Therefore, the audience does not feel empathy for Charlie, and even worse, his redemption at the end of the film is not convincing. (A further disadvantage for the character is the disappointingly non-charismatic vocal performance of Burt Reynolds.) In addition to the lack of captivating lead, the other problem of the film is the structure of the story. Slow thread jumps everywhere and makes the habit of adding additional scenes that have no purpose, but to recite the duration of the movie. The musical alligator (who lives in the angular channel infected with native rats) seems to be thrown out of nowhere, just like the scene in which Charlie tries to show his generosity to AnneMarie, feeding a pack of pastel colored puppies. The whole scenario looks like the first rough sketch; a little more Polish could make this story more compact and influential. <br /> <br /> Musical issues are not supported by the nondescript music numbers of Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (song AnneMarie and ballad gator are the only good ones, the latter in particular uses the melodious voice of Ken Page) or an uneven voice. As I mentioned, stiff and dead Charlie Burt Reynolds minimizes the unlike character (the only exception is Itchy's fiery confession about his true intentions at the end). DeLuise's House as Itchy is quite good, but he had better roles, especially Tiger in ANA TAIL and Jeremy in SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as I mentioned, is amazing in everything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution at best is not extraordinary. Loni Anderson is also wasted (as a collie who once fathered a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that is memorable, partly because her character is the only legally nice person in this depressing and unhappy performance. <br /> <br /> Barsi aside, the only real positive about ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN is an animation. Technically, this movie has one of the most fanciful visions of the Bluth band (according to standards from the 1980s), especially the frightening scene in which Charlie has a nightmare ending in a fiery underground ruled by a giant satanic canine demon. If at all, the movie is more a triumph of animation than story telling. <br /> <br /> Generally, however, I can not recommend ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN as a good entertainment. Although I realize that the movie has its fans, and the culmination is probably a bit of energy and a moving proposition, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's better efforts. Animation enthusiasts will be delighted with their lush craftsmanship, but before that ends, ALL THE DOGS GO TO HEAVEN may well leave a bad taste in their mouths.
