I am a big fan of movies that make you think. I still think long and hard about it, fully seven minutes after credits have been written. What embarrasses my neurons is an attempt to understand the meaning of the thread of a naked girly caressing her fat, greasy body, which became extremely sticky when filmed on cheap movies. This happens three times and I was sure it will be explained in the end. I trusted the filmmakers that this terrible attempt to lure viewers would be justified. It was not. <br /> <br /> The film must be the most apathetic I've ever seen in this genre. The sets look like an intersection between the Dr Who set from the 70s and someone's badly shaped idea for a sponge-painted living room. Lighting is unimaginable (if your sets are so bad, at least make them in the semi-darkness to hide the plasterboard and create an atmosphere). From the kidnapped quartet, the girl is particularly lame, but none of them has personality. Plans of foreigners regarding world domination are simply stupid - they need a contraceptive pill and their problems will be solved. Most of the film consists of people running down the corridors. Yes, it's really exciting. The special effect of the "ray gun" is ... at least strange (what use is a weapon that requires 15 seconds of concentrated explosion to kill, and even then the guy comes back for more?). The screenplay is like a bad episode of band A, and women's hairstyles come from the same era, so they look like teachers instead of an advanced team of murderous alien invaders. When we finally see what aliens really look like, they are in a suspended animation and will never even leave the box. Solution to this story - a traitor-alien simply has a few words with the fleet invader and goes home without thinking - he is really a sign of a writer who never had a more complicated idea than Saturday morning (I mean bad ones without plot, action or characteristics ) in my life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what's wrong with a stick ?! Is it really just to justify placing the body on the DVD cover to increase sales?
