Noel Coward, a witty and promiscuous man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten. Mr Coward, a longtime Navy admirer, was commissioned to write a loose account of the loss of Mountbatten. he believed that a movie about the Royal Navy losing a meeting at sea would be a good propaganda. It was also considered a good idea for Mr. Coward to play the role of the captain of the ship. He understands many of the features needed to command a combat ship, the ability to speak in a very tight voice and sing sophisticated "point" songs, does not appear high on the list at Admiralty House, or at least there is no hope for it. The captain must earn and respect both the watchtower and the lower deck. Mr. Coward might have been respected by the choir members at Drury Lane, and Binkie Beaumont might have been scared of him, but his ability to tame, form and manage the ship's crew during the war must be questioned. a bridge, condescending to other ranks and barking orders from officers, only needed a silk dressing gown and a mouthpiece to look at home. A lot is made of the theme "warship as the microcosm of the British Society", and the crew consists mainly of ordinary happy cocks, clever inhabitants of the north, etc. Without whom you can not fight in war. They spend most of their time on board smoking, moaning about Haw Hawa's Lord and blowing him up. It does not matter, there's a lot more of them from where they came from. When they come ashore, they go straight to the pub, where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning about the Haw Haword and blowing it up. On the contrary, Mr. Coward lives in a dream cottage with a rose covered door, somewhere very quiet, with a very small chance of being blown up. He, his wife and two pink cherubs with cheeks talk in ridiculously intricate tones and said that the wife spends a lot of time doing things for the poor unfortunates who make up his crew and This nice young master Johnny Mills plays a significant role as a completely unbelievable type a lower deck that worships Mr. Coward in the same way that a thrown dog loves his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, probably on the grounds that she can be pregnant after such an unrestricted passion. Yes, we have here the microcosm of British society, but maybe not as the creators of "In which we serve" intended. Finally, Mr. Coward has the last chance of condemning his people when several survivors sneak past him: "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to swim with you," he says, as if he were reciting "Like a brown cow". Perhaps it was David Lean's feature debut, but Noel Coward's hand appears in this picture. He was a funny and clever man, better suited for writing small pieces of poor, small, rich girls and boys, interspersed with an occasional crazy song. No doubt he had the talent for amusing, but he could neither write nor speak with convincing dialogue. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, he did not have time to be a real person.
