Cecil B. deMille from 1922 - a tear squeezer in the Manslaughter prison finds a lovely Leatrice Joy as a good but decadent young lady who has more money than she knows what to do with her. Her recklessness leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to its regeneration. Thomas Meighan is a district attorney who made him a personal crusade to bring out the goodness and health of Lydia (Joy), but he is distracted by alcohol, and when he is released, it depends on her whether she will save him! > <br /> If the plot does not sound too bad, you will be flooded with a hapless presentation. The quality of the deMille direction is very low and it does not show any special skills that would be unique to it. Photography is standard and flat, and the editing is not very dynamic. You can easily classify it as a fashion show and be quite correct. DeMille dresses Miss Joy in so many different types of clothes (evening dresses, golf costumes, motoring outfits, piles of fur) that the subtitle can be "Fashions of 1922" <br /> <br /> One thing more disappointing than photography, editing or direction is acting, which is mostly flat and wooden. When this is not the case, it is only routine, silent gestures, rolling balls of the eye, twitching eyebrows and intentional pointing and movements of the arms. What would revive modern viewers by attacking and chewing scenes from the worst silent movies is simply boring to watch. The only cast member who has succeeded in any form of perfection is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but can naturally play his part. It is convincing and endearing in tearful close-ups, unless you read a moralizing title card that opens after opening your mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is terribly routine, Joy, Meighan, and even Julia Faye. Her performance here is a good argument for why she never achieved true fame. <br /> <br /> The worst and most fun part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone that moves it all. Meighan's character has a lot of inscriptions in which he talks about how America's youth collapses in their moral stance and returns to the fall of Rome. (insert an absurd retrospection) The moralizing of this film has been described as Victorian, but it's more than that. In fact, it does not matter so much that I have the impression that the audience at that time did not take it more seriously than modern viewers. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what they are unaware of as a "typical" quiet film with an archaic moral structure, wooden acting and a bad direction. DeMille shows that he can be a terrible director, with no sense of stimulation, placement of the camera or the ability to use the script or actors. I can not imagine anyone being right, taking it seriously. Boring, slow and idiotic, I recommend it to hardcore movies, just like me.
