I watch dinosaurs all day and have the same basic problem all day. <br /> <br /> They do not believe in firearms. They just do not seem to talk about them or about them. Bullets _bounce_ off dinosaurs! Maybe because they died out millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics were different then ... Aah, no. Come on. If they are close enough to act chemically today, they would have to be susceptible to fast (even subsonic) guiding missiles. It's so simple. <br /> <br /> Look, the hardest skins on today's planet, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to basic rifle fire. It's nothing magical. You can shoot the pistol through the heavy scales on the back. They do not take anti-tank rounds or anything special. Small bullets penetrate them, they just do not kill them. A little (but not REALLY) large bullets are preferred, because the challenge (as in most games) is to kill an animal with one shot, so it does not work. (Hunters believe it is immoral to allow captures and deaths not harvested.) Most animals, including predators, are easily repelled by fire. Between the noise and the pain of even a deadly wound, most will escape. The exceptions are large bears that are so fearless that they are enraged by deadly wounds. Cape cape are considered very dangerous because they are well known when they are wounded. We saw a video of a great bulls herd of buffalo cloaks rescuing a calf from all pride of lions. A big cat will run away if he can, but if he can not, he charges himself as the last act of desperation. Where T.Rex would fit in this spectrum, it is unknown. Their behavior simply has not been observed. In the case of these larger animals, safe hunting becomes a matter of using a suitably large and powerful projectile and / or using some of them fast enough to counteract its charging. With T.Rex, of course, this can be a serious problem. I saw the T.Rex skull (they have one in the museum in the city center) and they carry weapons large enough to destroy it, which may be impractical. Neck chewing with less fire may be more real. Small missiles still penetrate them, they do not bounce just because the animal is too big to easily kill them! <br /> <br /> So here we have Cortez and his people (this is before the famous Mexican campaign), captured by American natives and planned for sacrifice on the pyramid. It seems that all these human sacrifices consisted in calming the bloodthirsty pair of T.Rexes, which terrorized the continent during the day. Instead of cutting the heart and feeding the lizards, Cortez et al. They tell the Aztecs to let them hunt and kill. OK, maybe they do not have M-16s like the guys in the "Carnosaur" series, but they have "suits", crossbows, pointed sticks (large, made of trees) and swords. Maybe it's a bit less uneven than the troops of a full-auto soldier, but they have a few guys and I'll quickly put a dinosaur on them. Oh, wait, there's a channel, about 4 inches. This is just a ticket to the breaking of the Tyrannosaur's skull! So they put a trap with a squad of people, with cannonballs and pointy sticks in the ravine, and they lured the first T.Rex to it, using a pretty brown girl as a bait. Cortez indicates that they will NOT have time to reload, so they will have to close the range until they are sure of their goal. T.Rex completely ignores the volley of flintlock fire and we can see how crossbows and cannonball _bounce_ off shoot! Forget about it. End of credibility. The bullet would defeat the Cortez's armor, and the 4 "cannonball would penetrate the hull of a wooden ship, and it would probably pass through the skin, chest or skull of any animal that has ever walked this planet, I think a" ball "could withstand a 4-inch ball And here T.Rex, still standing, does not even bleed, so Cortez pulls him into a ravine, where he drops on pointed sticks, which (I think, thanks to magic) penetrate and kill him Yes, pointed sticks! <br /> < br /> Dinosaurs are not completely immune to fire from firearms - they manage to burn the eye with a second pistol. This triggers it, so it is NOT as significant as a bear or buffalo, at least in the movies. <br /> <br /> They kill the second dinosaur bomb - made of a gourd filled with powder and precious stones My money would still be on the gun. Its constructed function is to concentrate all the energy of gunpowder in one direction u - towards the target The bomb is a much more dispersed force. A real bomb (NOT a gourd bomb) has a steel casing that contains an explosion to an extremely high pressure. (Think: a tube bomb vs a firecracker.) A burning pile of gunpowder will simply go over to the POOF. (Trust me about that.)
