The Tyrannosaurus Azteca is set in the sixteenth century when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), who intend to land on behalf of the Spaniards and perhaps steal some gold if the opportunity arises. In a few minutes they see the local Aztec savages, after a few minutes Cortes and his men are captured and kept in jail. If it was not bad enough, it turns out that a few Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and enjoy eating locals, trying to get a Spanish life to help the local get rid of the monsters problem, but with different hidden plans and hidden themes are not just dinosaurs, to be watched ... <br /> <br /> Director: Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, by accident, did one of my favorite Turkey Shoot exploits (1982)) which I strongly recommend to everyone and everyone), and more commonly known under the false title Aztec Rex (the title was changed by Sci-Fi Channel, when it was broadcast, maybe the original title "Tyrannosaurus Azteca" sounds like a foreign movie) is another idiotic and inexpensive channel "Sci-Fi" "Creature Feature" and it everything you need to know really. Based on and around the true Spanish conquistador Cortes during his trip to Mexico, the movie definitely does not aim for historical accuracy, although I admit that history is trying to do something a bit different here, but ultimately Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still just a "feature of the creature" with a group of people fleeing from some poor computer graphics CGI monster despite the period setting. I'm not sure what else I can say, even though hundreds of years ago here are ordinary platitudes, characters are ordinary cardboard cutouts, they make stupid decisions and selfish, heroic, butt, nameless victims that exist only to eat and a pretty woman are here and easily notice them. The film is predictable, stupid, boring and really not funny at any level, although it moves at a decent pace, and if you're interested in something like that, there's one or two halves. This story is not very good and has a lot of holes, it's also a kind of movie you completely forgot about in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I have seen and commented on a lot of Sci-Fi Channel "Creature Features" and usually CGI computer effects are horrible, and Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not undermine the trend, I admit that there are several effects that look good but are usually ruined by absolutely terrible effects shot immediately afterwards. There are also some decent side effects, the heart is cut out, the guy's leg is peeled off, there is some blood spatter, a nice shot of a guy who keeps his own intestines after being attacked by a dinosaur, there are some dead bodies seen and someone is stabbed with a spear. T-Rex can also eat a few people. Production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of those attractions in Theme Parks made of Styrofoam, and these Spanish men had to be trapped in the worst case in film history with a fence supposedly holding them lower than the mans deck, they could just exit from this and run away, it was so low. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of around $ 900,000, I do not see where the money went, shot in O'ahu, Hawaii in apparently fifteen days. Acting is not great from anyone I've never heard of. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca really is no better than any other cheap Creature function of the Sci-Fi channel, despite the almost interesting and unusual assumption that the basic statement should be basically enough to decide if you will like it, or not (probably not).
