EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR is not what I expected. This is not a budget Australian movie without special effects other than an accelerated movie and quick cuts of scenes. A female from space (who can immediately speak Australian accent) can "jump" from place to place or from time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to match the "faster" people. <br /> <br /> An older grandmother tells two granddaughters the story that a wandering man told her 40 years ago, when the unnamed "She" came to the planet naked and completely confused, unable to recognize which star in the sky comes from ... He meets a man who is camping alone in the Australian outback, apparently stunning. He is here by "mistake" and is angry when she was told she is on Earth. Earthlings are known as consummate environmental despotists and a metaphor of the most offensive things that can be imagined for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe foul-smelling air", but do nothing about it, digging their heads under the sand like an ostrich. In another funny metaphor, Earthlings are "frogs". <br /> <br /> From there it is a completely movie about dialogue, as a troubled person tries to understand a kind of psychology and views. She, even as he calls it unintelligent and "peculiar". The man begins to realize that people are irrational and do not think straight. However, waiting to return home, he sees that this man is not completely wrong in his thinking, and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The dialogue on perspectives is in interesting places, but all this is layered with a heavy environmental message and low-budget feeling (there are only two main actors who are wandering around various deserted scenes, and evil despotic people on the planet is never seen). The environmental message does not offer any solutions, but it paints one or two terrible metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something is not done. Logic also does not connect: the rest of the universe "gave up" on Earth, however, one cosmic woman caught by mistake on Earth managed to make a positive change after the end of the movie. What has been achieved by the battalion of aliens deliberately sent here against pollution and waste?
