This is one of those movies on which the British Lottery Fund is wasting its money. The main problem is an incomprehensible script that does not appear anywhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and bland, the only interesting is the location: the city of Genoa (Genova in Italian). With only a superficial acquaintance with Genua, I had no idea about the intricate streets of the Old Town, and the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I am glad that I can prove that I am wrong. So from the travel point of view this movie has interest. The film contains one wonderful performance by a small girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has already made seven films, even though she is only 12 years old, so she seems determined by the actress's career, and judging from her performance in this film, she should go far because she is natural and has a lot of talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was on hand to make the film, and when asked to be honest, he was serious, and when he was asked for anguish, he was tormented. But someone forgot to give him a valuable dialogue. The script is total. Catherine Keener does well in the supporting role, and showing sympathy comes naturally to her, so everyone would like to have her with me (I would like to tell her every time I feel cold because I know I will get a soothing hot drink). We have it: the fascinating narrow streets of Genoa, an interesting little girl and a nice woman. Forget the rest. The elder sister played by Will Holland is such a disgusting figure that the fact that the young actress is good at deterring is not the type of active homage she would like to hear, I suspect. The idea that this family is leaving for Genoa to forget about the unhappy death of their mother is so trivial that if we have another such movie, all dead mothers have the right to complain about exploitation. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old part of Genoa is, why did not he just go to the BBC and say he wants to do a travel movie with some thoughtless presenter? Why waste money on a feature film that is nothing but a vain project of inaction and meandering emptiness?
