Over the years I have noticed that when a rock star releases his last album before death, this album, if it is not his best, is usually prolific somehow and deserves at least listening. The album is usually good enough to sinter the heritage. However, when it comes to comedians, especially mainstream comics who play in their own vehicles, their final movie is usually horrible. John Belushi had "Neighbors", John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers", and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight", although it was not Dangerfield's last movie, it is weak in every sense of the word. According to this website in 2002, he made the filming and it is safe to say that he would stay on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was a teenager, and it hurts me how rotten this movie was. <br /> <br /> What amazes me most is that many other talented people took part in the film with a very poor premise. Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his comic character on film, is a prison guard in which a group of close prisoners lives. When the owner of the prison, Colonel-Tom-Parker-meets billionaire Sam-Walton Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cuts funds to prison, the head sends a group of prisoners to break free of jail, rob the Rockwood foodstuffs grocery stores and break into back to prison. Taking what's in grocery stores is (I think) taking what they think Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this poor premise, the film often showers. What's more, jokes that, in your opinion, would be the salvation of this film, are not even funny, even from Mr. No Respect himself. It's also incredibly disappointing, because you'd expect a movie with Oscar-nominated (!!!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith and others to be a bit funny. Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen before in countless other comedies, Alley plays a British heiress with a terrible British accent (could not this movie afford a real British person!?), And every joke was badly set and the time practically low by each member of this team. It just was not a good comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated as R mainly for language (and one scene of nudity). The irony is that many jokes offend the audience that even children (if you edit the language) come out of this movie. Physical gags are also extremely predictable, especially when Quaid's character has a tormented monkey. When the monkey grabs the scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who would not know where this gag goes? <br /> <br /> Being a comedy directly to the video, of course I did not expect any Oscar-winning material here. The truth is that Dangerfield has prepared some great, timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back To School" are still fun and definitely do not deserve an Oscar. However, there is a difference between creating a funny comedy and a funny comedy. In the case of the latter type of comedy, it seems that filmmakers do not even try, which is exactly the case with this bad excuse for wasted 90 minutes. Rest in the room, Rodney, but add this movie to your series of forgotten comedies, such as "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This film, dare I say, is not even worth seeing.
