I'm not sure what to do with this incomplete drama of 2007. Trying to be the new millennium cross between the "Golden Pond" and the "Prince of the Tides", this film ends with a chaotic mess that jumps so blatantly between the comedy and the melodrama that the emotional streak always seems off. The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between the sentimental direction of Garry Marshall and the dark, rather confused scenario of Mark Andrus. The story focuses on the unresolved relationship between Lilly's mother and Rachel's daughter who traveled all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull in Idaho, where grandmother Georgia lives. The idea is for Lilly to leave Rachel for the summer under the jurisdiction of a Georgian overseer abounding in her draconian principles, because the young 17-year-old has become an incorrigible hell. <br /> <br /> The setting is clear enough, but the characters are forced to quickly and often inexplicably move between sympathetic and penetrating to fit the fancy contours of the story. It changes accidentally the issues of alcoholism, child molestation and dysfunctional families until it is settled in a stalemate. Three actresses in the center buy some dramatic scrolls, but to a different degree. Probably because of her reputation beyond the screen and her rough smoker's voice, Lindsay Lohan makes the lustiness and manipulative tactics of Rachel tangible, although it becomes less credible, because her character reveals psychological wounds that give rise to her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two sharp notes - as an annoyed, offended mother daughter who has never approached her and as a furious alcohol mother who begins to recognize her own responsibility in her daughter's state of mind. She does her best on both fronts, but her efforts never make a human being of flesh and blood. <br /> <br /> At the age of almost seventy, Jane Fonda looks great, even like the weather - beaten up as she is here and has a star to escape from the cartoon dimensions of smooth Georgia. The problem I have with Fonda's cast is that the legendary actress deserves more than a series of one-shell and maternal glances. Between this monstrous horrible father-in-law of 2005, she wonders if her best job is for her. It should not come as a surprise that the male equivalents of actresses are completely obscured. Garrett Hedlund looks like a little Surferian guy like naive Harlan, a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel can delay his two-year missionary period. Cary Elwes plays on a well-known suspect note as Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case in which the predictable casting seems to be telegraphing at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the bleak threefold role of the wounded widower, the former flame of Lilly and the new head of Rachel as the veterinarian Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has an inaccessible role as Simon's sister, Paul, while Marshall, regular Hector Elizondo and Paul Williams, appear in episodes. Some of Andrus' dialogues are simply awful, and the hesitant seriocomic sound never rests on anything that seems right. There are some minor additions to the 2007 DVD, Nothing too exciting. Marshall provides a commenting piece that has plenty of its characteristic laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations at the end and a gag roll. Included is a seven-minute plot, as well as the original theater trailer, a six-minute short spotlighting of three actresses and a five-minute tribute to Marshall.
