Revolt of the Zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger), who tries to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his colleague Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and make him under his control a mindless zombie (a bit like the people I really work with). In any case, Tsiang is murdered by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but he does not learn about turning people into zombies. General Duval has set up an expedition to hunt the secret, because Tsiang will not tell them much. General Duval leads the expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is engaged to Louque, who also comes. During the expedition, Claire throws Louque to his friend Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), from whom Louque is not too happy. In a way that can only happen in a movie, Louque finds the secret to turning people into zombies by themselves and starts using his new power to take revenge on Claire & Clifford ... Co-author and director: Victor Halperin Revolt of the Zombie have a bad reputation and after seeing this I see why. The script by Halperin, Howard Higgin and Rollo Lloyd does not matter, he has a good central idea, but he is killed by dead stones because it is boring and as exciting as watching dry paint. Nothing has happened for centuries and then nothing else happens. As Halperin portrays his zombie, different from what most contemporary public would consider a zombie, these zombies are just brainwashing, and the filming audience would have to wait more than thirty years before George A. Romero would describe what is now considered a zombie. in Night of the Living Dead (1968). In just an hour of the game, Revolt of the Zombies still feels too long. Technically the film is fine, considering that it was created 70 years ago, black and white cinematography is suitable, although some scenes look as if they were shot against the background of the location. Acting is wooden and not very impressive. Revolt of the Zombies could have been hot material in 1936, but it does not go well, and in 2005 it is an absolutely mandatory task. I think the movie is now in the public domain because it appears on a lot of very cheap DVD compilations and budget labels, but it's still not worth watching, no matter how cheap you can buy it.
