Although the title contains the word "zombie", this movie is not what you would expect from a movie produced today, though in 1936. This concept is just as good as one would expect. Dean Jagger presents Armand Louque, an officer of the French army of World War I, who came across an ancient tale of soldiers turned into vending machines or "zombies" who are immune to the battle and can have the key to victory in the war, on whose side there is no certainty . Initially, he has trouble convincing his superiors about this phenomenon, but in the end French General Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition to the ancient city of Angkor, Cambodia, to find the zombie's secret and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story takes place against the background of a love triangle involving Louque, daughter Duval, Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), who are part of the expedition. When Louque laments the lack of strength and determination, Grayson offers him advice to follow what he wants in life with all his strength. This council begins to transform Louque, especially after he managed to get a stone tablet reminiscent of a photo from an ancient city. Following the temple priest in the swamp, it now seems that Louque keeps the secret he was looking for, although it is not clear how he could immediately hand over the power of "zombiefication". Just put your right fist on your forehead, simulating the third eye, and throw thoughts on those you want to control. This is useful for recovering your girlfriend and taking Grayson's early advice when he comments on his servant "Buna, we learn to be ruthless". <br /> <br /> Fans of early films from horror movie "B" will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's characteristic eye, taken out of the movie "White Zombie" from 1932, also from director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, "White Zombie" is better, both in the story and the undead, where the zombies have a more sinister look and are more dangerous. In "Revolt", zombies are enemy soldiers with a glazed look that only react to their mentor's orders. Indeed, the real rebellion of this title takes place only when Louque frees the soldiers from his mental command, with respect for his love for Claire; they control his relationship and kill him in this process. <br /> <br /> It's not too harsh for the movie, it plays decently in the parameters of its history, but if you think about "zombie !! ! in the traditional context you will probably be disappointed. If you want to try out early treatment of this topic, it is worth mentioning "White zombie" with Bela Lugosi.
