Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made the first sequel to Darkman. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 and in my opinion is nothing special. Larry Drake is no longer the main villain who is now playing the great Jeff Fahey, whose character once again wants to get Darkman's job and create this time some ultra-strong people to win the leadership of the entire city. The movie is almost the same in the plot and executions as Darkman 2, but I was mostly annoyed by the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2. These sequels were created in a short time and for little money, so such decisions had to be made. A few scenes are very stylish and exciting, but it is still quite tired film and often annoyingly stupid. The heroes are screaming and laughing too much and it is very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the film, and this is like a remake of Darkman 2, which still can not be leveled. Darkman 2 had a lot of great scenes and stylish camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to play the big villain. Darkman 3 offers only a few cool scenes and moments, but mainly this movie is tired and full of clichés. A few positive things in this movie are the flashback editions (Westlake nightmares) and some really surprising twists and turns. It is also worth mentioning the rather nasty death scene of the main villain, who was quite comical and resourceful, without any blood. Much more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst in the series and we must remember that these two sequels were created directly on the video and do not even approach the original Darkman Raimi with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was fine with many great scenes and suspense, but the latter (?) The entry is tired and often stupid and boring. It has some advantages, as mentioned, but in general, it should not be done in the first place. May is a talented director, so let's hope he'll get some more noteworthy projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
