I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big action star a la Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and even Van Damme to some extent. He had several important moments in his career, but he also made a few bad choices and this is definitely one of them, though made later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I really think that they seriously thought they were doing a provocative and serious thriller? It shows it in the way it describes it on IMDb, in the case of DVD, in comments, and this movie is not serious. Calling this camp would be a great understatement. The film tries to be complex and intelligent when in reality it is nothing more than shallow, confusing and free. In addition, they put Lundgren, known from action movies, in a serious role that makes him even more camp, because his range as an actor is quite limited. The whole film revolves around the perverse world of sex, yet they try to make it a serious thriller? Just the plot and premise immediately make it the best B-Movie movie. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays a disgraced former policeman and raging alcoholic Matt Sorenson, who decides to play a detective when his brother is murdered. I mean putting aside many plots where Lundgren has the freedom to move around crime scenes, witnesses and everything else, even though he is no longer a policeman, and you still have a rather strange, or rather no Lundgren effect. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's potential interest and widow of brother. Brett plays his role decently, taking into account the scenario and the history of the camp. Supporting cast is huge and no one stands out particularly in their performances, unless it is on the negative side, such as the absolutely terrible performance of Victor Pedtrchenko, who seems to go under different names in the film, boasts a terrible accent and is really a terrible villain. <br /> <br /> I honestly tried to get into the secret and the movie and take a good look, but there was no reason, because it was a collection of absurd storyline and free erotic games, including a ridiculously funny scene where Lundgren goes under cover and it is turned upside down almost naked. To explain how elegant and well made this movie is (sarcasm ... sarcasm), the back of the DVD I picked up (it was really cheap), is Lundgren listed as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character in the movie.) when Lundgren manages to be usually watched, the film falls flat on his face, trying to be serious. Considering that director Anthony Hickox is infamous for movies from B-Movie horror, it makes sense only when I think he really tried to be serious. The greatest worship Lundgren fans will have to see ... nobody else should ... certainly for any mystery or tension. 3/10
