It's one of those movies where people say "It's a great idea!" About the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they work on them. I like this. This picture is more fun than any three dozen projects by Seth Rogen. Well, it's the same with SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojiry movies from the 1960s cannibalize their own stories, but this one goes on. What can you say about culture that wants to rape its own sacred icons of culture for a quick zloty? This travesty depicts a Second World War suicide brigade on the "last of the Marshall Islands" presenting weapons to the dinosaur that chased American marines. Then the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight the last man and instead leave the territory annexed on their behalf by this giant lizard. They retreated to land, where one of them becomes a potentate in business. <br /> <br /> Then it gets complicated. <br /> <br /> Blondes from the future, annoyed by the lack of curing male pattern baldness, come back in time on a flying saucer to ask a failed writer and celebrity to help him eliminate Godzilla before he destroys Japan. "Help" is questionable, because all these citizens from 1992 return to 1944, To watch closed-circuit television, but, hey, they made the script. One would think that in the 90s, the Japanese would know better than to trust people on space ships. Fortunately for Nippon, white men - you can say that they are Americans because they say that the "nucyaler" made a mistake, restoring in time this one Japanese girl who left her in the future. During the touching show of the cult of ancestors, she abandoned her duplicity after wearing a flying costume made of a cord stuck to the Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that those traveling in time, disabled in the Caucasian fashion are simply jealous of the upcoming economic imperialist takeover of Japan over the known world (in the 22nd century, Japan intends to buy Africa, which sounds more like a responsibility than a fortune). These blondes in padded calico suits with broken straps and unnecessary zippers want to replace Godzilla with the king of Ghidorah, who will destroy all Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho was known for not having to build this panoramic Tokyo anymore. <br /> <br /> Of course, we have an alternative show Fukuoki ("my city in the garden") and several other previously undamaged metropolitan areas unharmed by the rubber-monster, which were destroyed by flying gold metalflake 1/3 of the hydra. In an unexpected revelation, we announce that King Ghidora was created from some of the puppets that have been too long in the microwave. Godzilla also does his demolition when the film ends. Wait - have not the spacecraft's blonds destroyed Godzilla yet? Yes, they killed him in the third drum. But no one expected that the Japanese in 1992. They had a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, do not worry. We do not keep it in the Japanese waters "- so you can start a new Godzilla from the bones of the old dinosaur. Only they do not have to, because the leaky old nuclear wreck again caused Godzilla to be whole again. Oh, and Godzilla finally reaches Tokyo, joining his old army buddy in a hot moment of tears. They look into each other's eyes, and Godzilla nods as if to say, "I have to do it, man." The tycoon nods with understanding. Then Godzilla blows him up. <br /> <br /> I should also mention here that in order to prevent Godzilla's reborn anger before fulfilling his destiny and destroying Japan, a Japanese girl from the future returns BACK TO the future for help from a - yes - balding white man. Probably because she sympathizes with her as the only Asian character from the 23rd century, she agrees to build Mecha-Ghidora and send her back to the 90s, that together, these two giant monsters could fulfill Godzilla's destiny and destroy Japan. In a miraculous bow to these notoriously poor heads, the girl piloting Mecha-Ghidora has a problem with controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> This costume design Godzilla owes a lot of Sumo - his thighs are floppy enough to double for Rush Limbaugh, and his stomach and chest are thick and sluggish. But in this picture there are more exploding walls than most of its adventures, which make up much. There is also a man with a similarity to Robert Patrick playing a deadly robot. Yes, in future even robots will have balding places. Plus Megumi Odaka, rebirthing her role of Mick, the only Japanese girl who was born with ears larger than her namesake Disney and the acting style even bigger. It's not her fault: many Japanese directors seem to think that a seventy-foot screen is not big enough to show the emotions of a human face. I did a bit of acting for Japanese television and I can tell you that they are pushing you into it. Apparently they urge their writers in the same way. Thank God.
