The foundation for Circle of Two is intriguing. Forbidden love between sixty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and fifteen-year-old Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable because of society's standards. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it does not fulfill its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should think about the script. When I watched this movie, I expected that I would learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I got a boring dialogue, a senseless lecture on art, trips in which Sarah had more fun with Ashleigh, and a closing scene so artificial that her emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. So you can imagine how the problems with the film deepened even more in the amateur cast that Jules Dassin gathered. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. For a moment I did not believe her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. Her performance seemed superficial, like a participant in a beauty contest. It looked as if she had forced herself to be happy when the script required her happiness and sadness when the script asked her for sadness. The only scene I liked was at the very end when she did not say anything. It was probably the nearest Sarah Norton with whom Tatum had ever met. But Tatum was not the only one guilty. Ashleigh Richard Burton lacked charm, charisma and complexity to attract even women his age, let alone fifteen years old. The rest of the cast was also bleak. Even their arguments were unconvincing because they were waiting for a change. Who does this? Michael Wincott as a jealous former boy Paul was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. To be honest with the actors, Dassin's direction failed everyone; but it's also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Lolita Kubrick did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Runaway Train went beyond the script in which Jon Voight and Eric Roberts played convicts. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about heroes in them. Despite his own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two is never able to do it. <br /> <br /> In summary, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an older painter and a teenager is good, but her execution in the Circle of Two is terrible. In many ways, it's a pity that the controversial story of Lolita type? which most directors would have avoided for understandable reasons? he did not receive more intelligent treatment; that the script that the actors were willing to practice was not written; that they could not find actors who were involved in their role or had talent to make their characters real; and that director Jules Dassin (who did much better in films such as Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to put his feet down and say, "Before we do filming, we have to rethink the love story and change the scenario. "The only silver accent is that one day there will be an intelligent movie about an older painter and a teenage in love. If such a film ever appears, it will certainly provoke controversy, debate and questions for many years.
