This is a question that you have to ask yourself when you watch the movie "What was the point?" This movie was just an hour and a half of confusion with totally unbelievable people (they did not intend to use the word actors) and a script that could be said to be non-existent. <br /> <br /> One of the things that made me laugh the most was that the movie "Victorian history written by" was written, which means that there was indeed a script in this part of the story. The entire Victorian section had no dialogue and consisted of pictures of a guy staring at the girl and vice versa. Making this part of the film a scenario as a camera left at the train station. <br /> <br /> OK, it's time for a story. It starts with a guy sitting in a chair that never gets out. Oh, you block who needs you? These people come to his house and practically beg him to tell this story about these dead girls. So history begins in Victorian times. and here's how the scene goes (The guy and the girl are in the field. Nice music starts to play) (the guy is staring at the girl) (the girl is looking at the guy) (the guy staring at the girl) returns to the movie. It's almost everything that happens in the case of half of the movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is an incredibly uncomfortable dialogue about a group of models that want to buy a flat. So this real estate agent shows them, and when I say that the dialogue is awkward, I mean, if he was a dancer, he would set off for MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie is sympathetic. The models are incredibly annoying, Victorian people do not talk, and the story-telling guy has the personality of the onion bag. After all, all the girls are killed. and by killing I mean a drug off the screen. ooh. did you show ONE death? and by death, I mean keeping her face until they put on a blood makeup? incredible. <br /> <br /> HOW this guy knows that this story surprises me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? there was not a guy in this apartment! the door was locked, no exit, the windows were attached to a fire escape, which was too rotten to act, how did HELL have seen it all? Oh, holes in the story. we love you. The film ends with the message "I think you've come up with it. You lose our time, "even though she first begged him to talk. Anything. This movie was stupid, pointless and did not make sense with many story lines. I can talk about this movie, but I do not see a need. I would rather spend a lot of time doing something useful. Like something like that. "Hell's Threshold" more belongs to Purgatory with 2 stupid models. from 10.
