Watching Floored by Love, one thought comes almost immediately to the thought, "My God, it looks like a really bad sitcom." Of course, it turns out that FBL is the pilot of the series, which may start this autumn in Canada, poor, poor Canada. <br /> <br /> Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) live with a lesbian in Vancouver. Janet has already left for her mother, but Cari's parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. The emphasis is on each other when parents come from Malaysia to the wedding of her younger brother. In the same week, British Columbia legalizes homosexual marriages. With Janet wishing to get married, Cara must decide whether to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. Will she be? If she? Could she? Cari's situation contrasts with the situation of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared homosexuality at the age of fourteen to the world. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) will be coming to visit soon. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of being fully accepted by Jesse are hurt by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not. Will dialing 1-800-Makeover help? <br /> <br /> Dialogue and delivery come straight from the smaller program from the 1950s with outdated physical emotions. Melodramat in Full House style is enough to make you wince from time to time, and the comedy's attempts to a large extent fail. McIlroy, Millar and Sky are the only contractors who compete in this wrong calculation, but considering the material they have to work with, it's no surprise that no one is impressed. It is possible that the campaign was deliberate. Often it seems that there is no way for the performers to be so bad that they have to try to imitate the inferior series from the old days. If this is indeed the case, then this review should probably be rewritten. The replay would focus on Floored by Love, which is a bad and ineffective sending of old series. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Desiree Lim has prepared a mindless fest-the-numbers that is completely forgotten. There was a time when having an open homosexual hero was enough to make a mark on the screen. This time has passed. We also need quality on this day.
