I sat in this movie, expecting an inspirational, fact-based movie. But instead he was given some of the least thought-out arguments against the conceivable Christian faith. For example, in trying to prove that Christianity is violent by nature, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving a context, thereby changing the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as the commander of the executions of those who disobey him, when in fact the quotation comes from the parable Jesus said with the participation of the king who is then quoted. In this way, the narrator gives the impression that Jesus says one thing when he tells a story in which one of his characters speaks. This is dishonesty in a very obvious form. Does it really have to offer the world atheism? This film also tries to use the success of Christ's Passion over Jesus Christ: the superstar and the last temptation of Christ as proof that Christians are bloodthirsty. It does not mention the fact that Passion was the most historically accurate Bible film. He does not mention that he was the most-liked critics. Then he edits a series of brutal images from the Passion, as if he wanted to stick his point of view. Ironically, he does not mention the Texas chainsaw massacre, which appeared a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, not a dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> The only thing that worried me a lot was his mockery of people who really knew more about it than he did. All the Christians he spoke to were average students in Billy Graham's New York Crusade parking lot. The atheists with whom he spoke in the film were well-known authors and scholars. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began and, of course, they said that it began with the coming of the Holy Spirit to the disciples on the day of Pentecost. Which is correct (Dz 2). Then he comments: "is not it funny how so many Christians seem to know where their own faith comes from?" And explains that the apostle Paul began Christianity after he was stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor guy seems convinced that Acts 9 happen before Acts 2. More deception? Is it simply ignorance? He also casts nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus is a real person. Are you joking? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus, as evidenced by the people (whose names Paul in this passage) ask the Corinthians if they have any doubts! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how the nonsense of this "document" is. But because I have no time or patience to go to all of them, I will go straight to the end. Throughout the film, it is obvious that the narrator has emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church. And the culmination talk is HIS CHILDREN'S PRINCIPLE! In the last attempt to overthrow the Christian faith, the narrator tries to fool around with someone who gave him the arrest as a child. Does this convey an intellectual document for the atheist community? Certainly there are intelligent atheist filmmakers who can create a document that is not a load of invented nonsense passed as "facts."
