First, let me say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, okay, but I do not like the word because it describes what I am not, not who I am), but I hated the "documentary." The production was damned close to existence, the premise extremely unstable, and the whole seemed to be an exercise in the uncertainty of Brian Flemming. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​were terrible, and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateur director.The narration sounded as if he were talking about the film in one shot, and he did not practice at all. There were many umms and pauses when he should have been in the movie, the animation was also damn evil. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical figure is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars, as I said before, I do not believe in God and I do not think that if Jesus was a real man, he says nothing about the existence of God a. My personal view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in a time where there were many masji (see apollonius of tiana) and that the stories of his life and preaching were blown out of proportion to them farther away from death. According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quote for it, so it is rubbish) "practically all scholars in the field of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a healer, he was baptized by John the Baptist, he was accused of rebellion against the Roman Empire, and at the behest of Roman governor Pontius Pilate he was condemned to death by crucifixion [1]. about the director's uncertainty than anything else. I wondered if he tried to convince himself more than anyone else. The most telling example of this is the last interview with the director of a religious school. He does not even know it. The way he bombs the teacher is unfair, and although I agree in part with the director that teaching children about hell is a bad thing, the way Flemming faced the director was just awkward. Flemming had a chance to maybe conduct a good discussion if he was more sensitive to the conversation. Instead, he goes aggressively with "it is not bad to teach children these things". The guy shortens the interview and I mean, what he expected, the director said "oh yes, I see that I saw the light, it will be a secular school now?" It seems that Flemming will take revenge for what he feels was wrong for him in childhood. This is not about a documentary, it concerns Flemming's uncertainty and has nothing to do with the alleged topic of the documentary. Flemming shows what he's really doing here, and this is the real collapse of this so-called document.
