It's not that I have mostly nice memories of the original shocking Verhoeven pants - I always thought it was a shiny, well-made movie novel from the movie. Shocking, sexy trash, but still garbage. It was also a movie that used a certain sexual spirit of the time. After a decade of anti-sex AIDS-related hysterics, a wild-sexual fever movie that thrills killings to increase her sexual pleasure was quite tempting. Basic Instinct 2 has always tried to provide the same social accuracy and directness, so the fact that it is a desperate attempt to cheat can be overlooked. All that really needed to ensure was that the thin veneer of excitement and the slightly addictive story and everything would be possible to watch. The fact that it loudly fails on so many levels and in such a way that it is a nadir career for everyone involved, is truly extraordinary. Let's start with the obvious - Sharon Stone is too old for a part of the sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic that the Verhoeven lens looks like mutton disguised as a lamb in the hands of Michael Caton-Jones, who has flat, colorless colors and a static camera that makes her undeniable beauty completely debatable. I really like Sharon Stone, but if the first movie started a career, BI2 can kill him. There is no chemistry with stuffed T-shirt David Morrissey - their only erotic scene is too embarrassing. His character with a face-and-face mammoth made me long for Michael Douglas's swelling, orange-skin macho. Supporting the phrases of David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling, they are wasting these great actors on talkative commercial scenes and seemingly stiff performances. And what about the advertised sexual shenanigans? Poorly lit, fleeting glance, the mainstream of the Desperate Housewives episode - the European sensibility that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film is very poor. Do not watch this movie because of bodily thrills - it is not there and it is tragic. The film is completely intricate, until completely confused, boring and funny. In particular, the last 40 minutes in which you realize that the movie will not be interested at all, are particularly comprehensive and fun to the same extent. As an unsuccessful continuation, Basic Instinct 2 will come to occupy a similar cinema scene as Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, he competes against Battlefield Earth in his misconception. As a multi-million-dollar piece of the Hollywood movie is a parody, which will be difficult to get in the worst years.
