One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ, called God, which was not there, director Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming in his 62-minute document claims that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to refute the long-held Christian belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among people, was crucified and resurrected, Flemming compares the history of Christ with the cult stories of Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology and Roman mystery cults, such as Mithraism, and find many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to the evidence of pagan cults, he also states that the earliest sources of Christ's history, the four gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date given for the crucifixion of Jesus, and the letters of Saint. Paul shows little evidence that Jesus is a figure of flesh and blood. Unfortunately, Flemming does not intend to carry out a solid examination of the truth about Jesus' life, but to use this subject only as a starting point for a full attack on Christianity and the whole religion. Most interviews are with those philosophically related to the director, including renowned atheists such as Biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are by the way, such as Scott Butcher, creator of the Rapture Letters.com website, and Ronald Sipus, director of the fundamentalist Village Christian School, in which Flemming participated as a boy. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston at Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus goes out. In a sarcastic tone Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was about the sun around the Earth, and then points to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as those committed by the leader of the cult of Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Denka Schlosser, who cut her child's arm for God. He also raises the statement from the book of LaHaye and Jenkins, which says that Christians "await the day when all non-Christians will be thrown into the lake of fire, howling and squealing." To further defy Christendom, Flemming shows us the extensive clips from Christ's Passion, Mel Gibson, in which each scene of violence and torture is described in detail. What could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting topic eventually becomes a childish rant and polemic against all religion. In the process of condemning those who have used Christianity to commit unspeakable acts, he ignores people like the socialist Muriel Lester, the famous Christian pacifist Rigoberta Menchú Tum, the Mayan Indian of Guatemala who helped set up revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel Peace Prize to recognize her work at for social justice and for Mother Teresa, whose work consisted in respecting the values ​​and dignity of each person. <br /> <br /> His most eloquent argument is to compare Christian doctrine with pagan cults, and he makes some good points, but Flemming does not tell us that although some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines, there are no texts or source materials for these cults before 300 BC, long after the New Testament. It is also important to note one significant difference. The mystical experience was the direct goal of the initiates, which led them to feel that they had achieved union with their god. This is a curse for Christianity, which believes that the church hierarchy, including priests and bishops, up to the Pope are obliged to interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and I have some doubts regardless of whether Jesus Christ was indeed a historical figure, the truth is that in the long run it may not matter. What counts is that the message was presented to humanity and spread throughout the world, which contributed to the spiritual evolution of humanity. Regardless of the distortions and crimes committed later on his behalf, and there were many of them, Christianity in this sense was a doctrine of compassion and love and a moral and ethical code that favored respect for our fellow men. <br /> <br /> While I praise the fact that the film was filmed and that the subject of the taboo is discussed, which is very much needed, is not another divisive attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to perceive it as a common thread that can connect people in the world . Although there is room for debate and discussion on religious topics, in the words of Annie Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in pure fraternity and mutual respect. God, who was not there, is recommended only for those whose idea of ​​good time is to destroy the religion of others.
