I will start by saying that I completely agree with the basic thesis of the film that probably there was no historical Jesus, and Christianity is apparent. Having said that, this film has a rather poor attempt to prove this thesis. This makes good arguments - the gulf between the theoretical life of Jesus and the writing of the Gospel, filled only with the writings of Paul, who does not indicate the historical Jesus - and then completely fails to convince them. He makes broad statements without presenting the evidence on which the claims are based, and he strongly ignores the counterarguments presented by Christian apologists. Intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation and the lack of serious arguments are obvious and stunning. The only Christians we hear in the film are the head of the old school of the filmmaker - who comes out as a rational, reasonable person trying to cope with the chip twit on the shoulder - and the different Christians apparently meet inadvertently parking. I am sorry, but to reveal that the average Christians do not know much about their religion is not really damn proof of Christianity's deception. You might as well say that Jay Leno overthrew the existence of Michael Dukakis in his Jay-Walking segment. Interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is too full, let's be honest, the filmmaker is just harsh. In the first five minutes, the film has already combined Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the screenwriters of Left Behind from Branch Davidians. And to the end, the film becomes so self-centered that there are no rational arguments, only a bad, once-Christian person who throws himself at people and places that he blames for his unsuccessful childhood. You know, maybe this movie may have been interesting, but it's badly located in a document about the historicity of Jesus, and it's just as congratulatory as flattening out any compassion. This is Michael Moore's film without humor and cinematic acumen in connection with the book of Richard Dawkins without wit and intellectual rigor. Skip it.
