Eleonora, who comes from Italy, inherited from the late lover Karl, an ultra-modern and secluded house in the middle of the forest. It is winter and she meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie, who ultimately finishes not only taking care of the house, but also Eleonora, because she tries to adapt to the new environment and the growing attractiveness between the couples. <br /> <br /> What did I expect? A thriller indeed, but it was not like that. It's just an advertisement on the packaging for you! I am completely embarrassed in everything. Title, history and motivation. How to classify it? Well, this wooden character drama is a more mysterious, romantic story associated with alienation, possession and addiction, which has evolved into a complicated, passionate relationship between two masked people. The co-writer (along with William Dafoe) and the director's film Giada Colagrande are simply too clinical, distant and calculated with their mysteriously metaphorical story, which leaves you wondering what all this really means? although when it comes to its sudden ending, you'll think why I should care about it. What we are going through seems pointless, with a heavy exposure of dead air that gathers irrelevant details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many awkward changes, but they are more conducive to leaden experience because they never go deep enough. Just as he believes. Filtered salty activities never convince and are not far from erotica. They are like a tumor in an already slow stream. The basis of the story makes something interesting and fresh, but it will never come true and I thought it would be more than just this gloomy time. Colagrande's direction is professionally stylish and gloomy enough to want to imagine it, but everything seems to be in slow motion and can be caught admiring the same views. Most of the shares stay in one place? House. Working with the camera is very tense, but the gloomy musical note can become somewhat ridiculous when it comes to some dramatically piercing music signals that do not make much sense and sense. Giada Colagrande plays it sensually and William Dafoe burns a part. Looks like a tired dog! While Seymour Cassel pushes his head from time to time. <br /> <br /> It is possible to guess where it is going. Well, if you can wait for it. I think I will take advantage of the doubts, because I was definitely not expecting this independent film.
