I respect Alex Cox, director, really. It's like a school kid you think he's trying a little too much at the beginning to be a "different" literary punk rocker who has plunged more than spaghetti, science fiction and fringe-culture in Westerns and the world will come out ready to take ** ... but then you see what he can do, talent and raw hectic artistry and moments of true absurd mirth that can do it, and you're ready to see everything he has to offer. But his proverbial coin has two sides: he can really hit the park (Repo Man, Sid and Nancy, Walker) or just try a bit too hard and get too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat (Straight to hell). Death and the Compass falls into the second category, and although I respect his (mainly) original approach to fighting the story of a detective-killer, it also falls on his face and his eccentricity becomes strangely boring. <br /> <br /> It has a rather strange configuration and a dismissive style: Detective Erik Lonnrot is an assassin with a hellish voice, Red (something), and it seems that the killer leaves disturbing hints to his victims: there are messages written in the blood on the walls , which according to eyewitnesses Alonso Zunza (Christopher Eccleston looks like he just left Shallow Grave without changing his appearance) have religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot in his case and his methods of following the criminal, which include tracking the first triangular and then a compass pattern on the map - despite the protests of the stunned Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who also looks back while sitting at the desk and talking to the audience in a distorted but sad description of his former employee and colleague after the fact. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, such as the shot, in which we see the whole range of the shattering depths of the police station where Eccleston is handcuffed ("For your own protection," says Lonnrot in the case of getting lost in the wrong room) and we are in a long shot - maybe the best or just the most interesting - where we go through very dark corridors with a very small direction, lost in a maze of corners and oddities among the characters. And it is never something fascinating to look at, with the pictures of Miguel Garzon, a morbid delight. But the story goes through hoola-hoopy, so things are so aroused that it can just as well be unrivaled. The performances, with the exception of Boyle and Eccleston confident at the very end, are very bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to be twisting in his place, reciting the stupid dialogue that was given to him to speak to the audience. <br /> <br /> Although the murder plan itself has the intention of the audience that it is not something we have seen before, in a society where there are many participants of riots and architecture suggesting the next devastating Alphaville wave, it falls out too quickly. What is the conflict here? I've never been so involved in Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and I've just caught up with some glimpses of crazy killer scenes (and / or killers) chasing people like in a building early (Cox has a funny pendant). And when I started thinking that it leads to something spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in this big ("not as big as you think") building in the southern part of the city, it suddenly gives us "TWIST" that we know deep down our mind is coming, but hope is not, and it lets off some ancient mystery to which it leads. For all the amazing accents of Cox as a filmmaker, for all his opposition to feeding the audience with the "conventional" approach that I respect, Death and Compass are ultimately detached from the brainstem; this is masturbation.
