The Uwe Boll name is automatically linked to a bad horror movie / iconic movie theater and every new movie it releases? which is about two or three a year? he immediately receives negative ratings and harsh criticism. You are almost tempted by the thought that it is just a modern noise. You know how popular it is to hate Uwe Bolla, regardless of whether you liked his films. I assure you that this is NOT the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer and director, and to be honest is a threat to the entire film industry. The "seed" is another most unfortunate evidence. At this point, Boll is so desperate trying to be so controversial and shocking that he forgets about many other elements, which basically every movie must exist, like plot, narrative structure, character development, building tension? "Seed" is a hideous movie, full of unjustified dirt and incompetent footage. I once read that "Seed" was an interpretation of Uwe Bolla in the currently popular Horror Movie of Torture Porn horror, but it is not even close. The film undoubtedly borrows certain influences from "Saw" and "Hostel", but it's basically another next boring slasher with an indestructible killer and violence in video games. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" is beyond boredom, and actually I just confirm all the obvious things that you already knew would happen. You see, Boll was stupid enough to start his film with (fast) scrolling text explaining that there is a federal US law that states that death cell prisoners must be released if three attempts to electrocute fail. So you know it will happen later, but still the first three quarters are wasted to catch a serial killer and bring him to an electric chair. Seed is a silent serial killer who allegedly killed 666 victims (exaggerates a lot?) Who wears a bag over his head. He watches real images of animals' cruelty (and in this way we watch the real cruelty of animals, thanks to Mr. Bolla) and records people's films as they slowly unfold in the basement (including a crying child who is really sick and twisted). When he is finally captured, during the most amateurish and unlikely hunting of the police, which has ever been filmed and put on death row, the film becomes even more delayed. After being buried alive, because an electric chair could not fry it, Max Seed crawls back to the surface and continues a completely new killing rage; this time focusing on the people who arrested him and lost him. <br /> <br /> The senseless twists and total lack of depth of the story of this movie go back to the past, being just bad; they are really annoying and insult the level of intelligence of the average horror fanatic. Multiple turns of action in the "Seed" are simply unacceptable to a reasonable functioning human mind, because they are simply too stupid! No one believes that the cops and members of the prison staff will simply bury the living mass murderer without first firing a few bullets. Nobody will accept the fact that an escaped convict can not be found for the next six months, even though he went straight to the same place of the hiding place, where he caught him for the first time! "Seed" is full of delayed trinkets such as these, and the movie becomes more and more stupid with each passing minute. Personally, I refuse to accept that the cast and crew did not notice either. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply disregards all advice and criticism and just stubbornly spins his videos the way he wants. I imagine his screaming things, such as "shut up and do as you say" to your actors when they notice that the scene they shoot is not very sensible. <br /> <br /> For the fun of annoying people, there is a gigantic long sequence in which Max Seed smashes an old lady to death with a hammer, while she is tied to a chair in the middle of her living room. Instead of shocking, as Boll intended, this sequence masterfully embodies how pathetic and would-be controversial the whole movie is. The "seed" is terrifying, disgusting, pathetic, it? Bag.
