Think for a moment what it means to be Uwe Bollem. Somewhere, maybe in those places where Jack Nicholson said "you do not talk at parties," Boll knows that David Lean had lice as a child who had more talent for making movies than he did. Gore Whores, metal-heads and socially dysfunctional players can run into it on the track and tell him otherwise, but the general public is discovering that the departure of the Teutonic helmsman is so devoid of originality, wit or imagination that he became the Internet god. a discursive online synonym of photochemical excrements. Boll does everything in his power to drive on the gullible, using tax breaks available in Germany and Canada to keep working and collecting money from the dentist network, as Zero Mostel did with the older ladies at The Producers. The difference is that Mostel's character knew that it fills the intestines. Maybe Uwe knows it too. <br /> <br /> This is the level of hostility towards every new "Bollbuster" IMDb patrons sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they see him. Bolla's attempts to silence his critics, challenging them with boxing fights and knocking them down, made them more determined. Indeed, he is probably the only filmmaker who increased sales of the thesaurus, because critics are looking for clever ways to describe trash. <br /> <br /> This attack caused Uwe to become a very fat man with skin, so much so that he must feel like he was wrapped in a rug, but one that feels threatened throughout the world. Like most people in this situation, he wavers, determined to annoy as many people as possible with the memory of a weeping evening, during which the review of Variety House of the Dead has never been too far from the surface. This strategy "I know that I am, but what I am", based on regaining initiative, created a dull postal satire, which tried to reproach dissidents with jokes of September 11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such a litany of invectives requires a satirist with the mind of Peter Cook, and the visual imagination of Chris Morris, but the closest Bollowi to each of them is about in his own name. <br /> <br /> In Seed, shot to return to the mentioned game adaptation, Boll returns with a story about a sadistic serial killer (is there any other kind?) who gets a chair only for two attempts to unsuccessfully limit all signs of life . Remembering the fictitious law that says that everyone who's still alive after 3 tries must be released, even if you were fried because of that amount of electricity, why would you like them, they think it's legally dead and they buried it, just for that let the unhappy killer return and start a dizzying tour of your murderers. <br /> <br /> Boll begins his "exploration of nihilistic rage" by viewing photos of tortured animals for experimental purposes. From there, we are treated in the warehouse of a murderer in the trade? kidnap dogs, babies and adult women and let them starve to death only with the help of a camera to become food for worms. We are invited to reflect on what depraved race of amoral meat bags we are all? our inhumanity towards ourselves and our fellow men who act as a lightning rod that acts as a catalyst for the most hideous remnants of human condition. Yes, we are worthless, hopeless sadists and, what's worse, we will not give Uwe a good mark on IMDb. In short, humanity is a cot. <br /> <br /> Of course you would think that Uwe is based on our worst excesses for its maintenance, and with that in mind, is it a bipolar piece, on the one hand hating the audience and positively tastes in the sour milk of human kindness? milk that poor old Boll had to drink for such a long time, while throwing out his member and inviting those with pornographic lust for depravation of the screen to rave about his simple, bursting ass. <br /> <br /> The result says nothing about society and its dissatisfaction, more about the bad effect that the bad press has on its director. Poor Uwe, of course, a very bad man? one scene in which a poor woman stabs her brain into a pulp, tied to a chair, undoubtedly a surrogate for her own fantasy of sending various Internet critics. The fact that he is there, but takes an avant-garde approach, because he does not attach to any narrative plot, shows that Boll is a pornographer who eagerly engages in the bloodthirst of his audience and knows that the story is surplus to the requirements. He made a movie that is competently filmed, but completely empty. "I wanted to make a horror that would not be funny" Boll told the audience during the world premiere of the movie and he managed it in this poor manifesto, but if it was to convince the director's critics that he was a serious filmmaker of the genre, he would need something authentic to say as well as a better, more original way of saying this.
