The National Treasure (2004) is a completely confused hodge-podge of tangled conspiracies that borrow from almost every cloak and dagger of the government's conspiratorial scheme ever written. The film features Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how valuable, I ask?); a seemingly normal guy who, for any reason other than coming from a line of like-minded happiness hunters, decides to steal the "national treasure" that has been hidden by the founding fathers of the United States. After a bit of the subtext and background that plays ridiculously (unintentionally), how does Indiana Jones meet The Patriot, the movie turns into one mistaken fantasy after another? an attempt to create the returns of Nicholas Cage "Stanley Goodspeed" and launching all the intricate clutter with a series of high octane numbers, but not related to adventures. <br /> <br /> The meaning and logic of George Washington and his motley about the patriots who ransack the king's ransom somewhere on their home soil, and then, going through a meticulous plan of leaving traces scattered throughout the art of the American currency, is something Jon's director Turteltaub never fully explains. Was Washington unable to find a better use of such wealth in the early days of the country? Hence, we have a mystery built on a puzzle that is already uncertain on earth before Ben appoints himself a new guardian of this innumerable wealth. Ben's intentions are noble? if it's confusing. He went to protect the treasury. For whom and when? Your guesses are as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are several problems with Ben's crusade. First of all, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean), decides he can not wait for Ben to decide to steal the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh, yes, a brilliant idea!). Presumably, the back of this famous document contains a secret answer to the ultimate fortune. So Ian is trying to kill Ben. The attempt of murder is, of course, unsuccessful if it is too melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to take and choose a very sensual curator of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). He thinks that Ben is undoubtedly a fool? at least at the beginning. But the form of fidelity to action / romance, Abby's solution is sinking faster than you can say "is that the Diamond of Hope?" The film goes into full X-File-ish mode because the FBI, mistakenly believing that Ben is behind theft, will take revenge on various the mild ways that lead to multi-layered action sequences reminiscent of Mission Impossible meets The Fugitive. Honestly, are these guys never getting the correct "intelligence" information? In the end, "National Treasure" is not a great movie, but it is a patchwork variety of old, tired pieces from other films, entwined with scraps that will make IL Betsy Ross blush. /> <br /> Buena Vista DVD provides a much more generous treatment than the film it deserves. Anamorphic panoramic image presents a very smooth and detailed image with a very rich color, natural shades of the body, strong blacks and pure whites. The stylized image is also free of defects and digital improvements. The sound is 5.1 and provides a pleasant sound boom for side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. Add-ons include a wealth of promotional materials that are quite deep and not fully explained how and why the film was made. If only as an audience, we had more explanations why Ben and what. they chased after the deceptive treasure, it could have been one good hit. Add-ons end with a theatrical trailer, audio commentary and scenes removed. Not for people with weak nerves ?? only thick.
