I watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels and during watching I quickly wondered why I cared about it. Honestly, I really expected something more from this movie. Maybe something like a "conspiracy theory". Why? Maybe because of the casting. Finally, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder why they bother? But instead of absorbing the drama of mystery, I was caught in the pastiche of the stupid stupidity of The Goonies, which to my great surprise turned out to be really praised. Perhaps this is because "The Goonies" was clearly aimed at the recipients of teenagers and teens. While the "National Treasury", judging by the announcements, had to speak seriously to an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Suspending disbelief is one thing. In this way, you can enjoy science fiction and horror. But I found myself able to resist breaking spoons of paranoid and conspiracy tricks that were pushed to the audience. Oh, the screenwriter threw all the jargon that was supposed to trigger a sense of serious commitment. "Wow! Masons. Templars. You know, it can really be true! "I think the writer really lost me when Gates said that the founding fathers hid the treasure to keep him out of the British hands! Where did the Templars come from? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! Which explains a long way to explain how it ended in Philadelphia during the revolution. It was brought by Napoleon's agents! In any case, you see what I get. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really think that it could have succeeded as a serious mysterious drama. But this only appears as another game in adult clothes. In the end, I think that he asks the audience not only to suspend his faith, but also to ignore the offensive grade of his own volition. <br /> <br /> I just finished watching a few elements of Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock when we go from fine dining to Hollywood Big Mac and fries. <br /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you slip through chases, explosions and tricks "gee-whiz", you will enjoy the "National Treasury". But it's a movie, well, have you ever stood in front of the cinema waiting for the entrance when the previous audience leaves? And all the little kids talk to each other excited and say things like, "Wow! Have you seen how this thing erupted? It was so cool! "" National treasure "is a movie.
