John Carpenter's career came to an end if this sad excuse for the film is any indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover are probably fitting the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say which one was more resistant to the anorectic ramp model. Bon Jovi has the greatest charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. Two vampire girls on the other hand are all cramps and complaints. At some point, they are going to give each other a wet kiss, but stop it. Amazing, like every vampire movie, there are certain moray eels for the right vampires. At some point Arly Jover provides a fallatio to the very stupid Vampire Hunter, and then sucks his blood while performing a sexual act. It would be an erotic moment, except that it was filmed like total stupidity, and the male actor looked slightly amused as he watched Arly Jover move his head to imitate something that apparently was not happening. As far as gore is concerned, several heads are torn off and the blood spurts profusely. These scenes have so little tension or expansion that when they happen, it is almost fun and there is no "horror" of this scene. The only thing you get as a member of the audience is the feeling, "Wow, there was a lot of red paint spattering on the walls. I wonder who must clean this up. " In the whole movie, those Vampire Hunters who apparently try to kill Arly Jover (the best vampire in the world?), They still get to her. At some point, Bon Jovi goes to an abandoned church and after he just shot her with an arrow (and he did it on other occasions), he says, "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. you want to meet you. "HUH ?? Of course, stupid vampire Arly pops up to say hello, and Bon Jovi sticks it again with another device. "Why Can not We Be Friends", WAR song from the 70s, should be the theme of this film. In addition to all other silly moments, there is a sequence of transfusions when Natasha Wagner removes all her vampire blood, and all the city's inhabitants are lining up to give blood for her transfusion. I think the type of blood is not important? In any case, all her vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi decides that if this blood is transfused to him, he can defeat Arly, also becoming a vampire. Of course, when the blood of a vampire is rolled into him, none of his healthy blood is removed. Apparently, Bon Jovi circulates with twice as much blood as any human in his body. And as with the first VAMPIRES, this one also has a special effect that disrupts the vampires in the flames.
