Live Feed takes place in an unnamed Sino-Japanese Asian neighborhood somewhere as five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoying the night in the city and sightseeing. After clashes in the bar with the head of the Japanese triad (Stephen Chang), they decide to check out the porn theater just like you. Inside, they are separated and will quickly learn that the place belongs to the head of the Triad, who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not explained. Can a local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also received a loan for the prosthetic effects designer, it has to be said that Live Channel is another quite poor, low-budget movie in the camcorder horror, which seems to exist only to earn the publicity and success of the Hostel (2005) and a mini craze for "porn torture", as it has become known. According to the "Trivia" section of the IMDb for the scriptwriter and director of Live Feed, Nicholson wrote this after he heard about some activities taking place in live sections, for my money, I think, he wrote them after seeing the hostel! The screenplay is pretty bad, there's no basic reason why this porn theater has a big, fat, ugly freak dressed in slavery equipment lurking around torturing and killing people, none. Is this for the Triad? Is it for his pleasure? Was it about selling snuff movies? Any explanation would be nice. Why did he include the Triad boss at the end? If you're looking for a movie with a consistent story, forget about Live Feed. It seemed to me that it was some restless, ill-judged mix of sex movies, S & M, horror, torture, gore and action that does not go away. I mean, setting up a horror movie in a porn theater will not make your movie good, it still has to be a decent script and story, right? The characters were pretty bad, and some of their actions and motivations were more than questionable. He moves at a reasonable pace, is quite miserable, stirring gore, sex and nakedness, but looks cheap, which reduces the effect. <br /> <br /> The director Nicholson does nothing special, the edition is uncertain and annoying, he thinks that lighting almost every scene with neon signs is a good idea, and the movie has a cheap appearance. Available in both "R" and "No rating" versions, I've seen a shorter version of "R" that is not really bloody, but I'm ready to use this doubt for the "No rating" version and say it can be a lot, a lot gorier, but I can not say for sure. There's also a lot of nudity if it's your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere here or a lot of horror, because it is not and they do not have them properly, although it generally has a dingy tone, which has an impact, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically Live Feed is not terribly impressive, the blood looks a little watery to my liking, and whole scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes make it difficult to determine what is happening, often it looks like it was shot by hand the camera being held and the interrupted edition at least in the "R" version is sometimes an annoying mess. Filmed on the spot in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. Acting is bad, sometimes I could not say if the actresses in it were crying or laughing ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie that I recommend to anyone to hurry and buy or rent, I was not thinking about this is too much, because it is a very weak, predictable plot without exposure and which is nowhere to go, poor play and less than impressive gore (at least in the "R" category). Watch movies from the hostel again or instead, because they are better.
