First of all, the actor they must play in Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors they play in the Jews have blue eyes. Is there enough brown eyes there? Jesus portrayed as having blue eyes is one of my pets. He was a full-blooded Jew! Secondly, what is it with old English-language films that are to take place in non-English speaking countries, and everyone has English accents? (Another example is "Dr. Zhivago" by David Lean.) Are there not enough Jewish actors or actors who can do an Israeli accent? The film is often incompatible with the Holy Scriptures and therefore seems to doubt the validity of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes out of the sky saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the film, John the Baptist speaks like that! The screenwriter also seems to be trying to portray believers like crazy. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that he will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to talk the moon's rays, and when Mary's mother hears, like talks to someone and looks into it, does not hear or see anyone. Also in the film, when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees at the temple in Jerusalem, he says: "You will not see me again until you learn to cry," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord "because my father and I are the same. The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is: "You will not see Me again until you say," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. " Period. Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts out many important parts (the Sermon on the Mount is very outdated), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (the whole scene with Maria Magdalena talking to John). It seems that the screenwriter, instead of wanting to make a movie version of the Holy Scriptures, wanted to make a film about what he thought might happen in (and between) scenes. The film, however, has one jewel - during the scene in which Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, tears fell on my face in the house of tax collector at Mateusz. This is the best movie I've seen about the service of Jesus (but that does not say much because others are just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film about the last days of Jesus ("The Passion of Christ" is too graphic), although I like the fact that "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of ending with the death of Jesus, continues and shows the resurrection.
