Scary Movie 3 is not as much fun as its predecessors, but it still has its fun moments. It all starts when the wandering reporter Cindy Campbell sets off in search of difficult news in the middle of television action. He soon discovers a scandalous attack on the planet's threatening events, including alien invaders, deadly video tapes, bizarre crop circles, and more. In the face of a huge conspiracy and crew of very strange people following her, Cindy must fight to stop the evil from mastering the world again. The story is not a problem because the first two were less feature-like. This time they focus on Signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 miles, as well as many others, not so much as previously mentioned. The first one is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. The second one was not so good, but still quite funny. The third one is mildly pleasant, but it is not special. Let's say I did not mind seeing him once, but I probably would not want to see him again. Jokes are either a hit or a miss, and those that are fun usually include Charlie Sheen. Lame usually engage Anthony Anderson, because he is very overrated. Why is it still shed, it is not clear because it is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny performance and is also underestimated. Simon Rex has some potential because he was not really that bad. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and gives a pretty funny performance. The rest of the cast were mostly cameramen. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene of all episodes. Their performance in the opening sequence of The Ring and this scene turns out to be one of the more enjoyable in the film. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have episodes. David Zucker manages, and although it is not another plane, it is not another daughter of my boss. It makes no sense to analyze a simple comedy as the main thing that people want to know if it's fun or not. As I said before, if you like it, you probably will not like it that much. In the end, it turned out to be a bit disappointing because PG-13 rating weakened him, but you can still enjoy it. Rating 6.3 / 10
