At first I was disgusted with director Sun-Woo Jang, because I felt he had cheated me. Yang had the potential to create a strong, deep emotional movie about sex and its impact on people, but instead he decided to focus his strength on the pornographic element more than on the real human element. At the beginning I did not see the character, and his slovenly introduction, which combined realism and cinema together, was at best amateurish? however, this movie remained in my mind for many days after I watched it. What was left with me was not history, it's not the characters, it was not the pornographic nature of the movie, but the transition that Jang showed between Y and J. If you watch this movie carefully, you'll see that they both start exploring their relationship they are happy to jump into the unknown but not quite sure of the next step. As they meet, discovering new ways of pleasure, they constantly jump between aggressor and aggression. Jang initially investigates the idea that J is the one that controls the situation, then persecutes it, the reversal happens when J is obsessed with Y. This is a very small change, and because of the graphic content of this movie, it can easily be missed, but there is. It becomes clear at the end when J can not live with Y because their encounters become less frequent and J tries to become part of a normal society. It was a huge and very exciting element of the movie, which could be seen in front of your eyes, but unfortunately, it was the only element of this movie, which is worth watching. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who talk about this film as nothing but pornography, because in this movie there are human elements, as poorly developed as they are. It is a film about a certain aspect of our life, which is rarely explored in the cinema or in newspapers. What is happening behind closed doors is never known? or so we should believe. While the act itself becomes repetitive after some time, director Jang tries to change it somewhat in the ever-changing scenery. Our characters are constantly moving from the hotel room to the hotel room to best satisfy the body's thirst. At the beginning it is fun, but the repeated Janga streaks seem boring rather than exciting. That brings me to the biggest problem I've had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (except the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic site), he took scenes, repeated them many times, without changing before us to let us know the characters. Where was Jang with this movie? Did he want sex to tell stories, or did he believe that characters would be? He did not do it in that sense, because at the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we would not care how they solve it. The ending seems random at best, because Jang tries to create the final resolution for our two absolute unknowns of this movie. I have to give Yang a bit of recognition for the test, but not much. He tried to create a few sub-stories that would create a personal element that we missed, but they could not solidify well. Brother Y and his wife J were those fictional points, but again, thanks to such a strong focus on the sexual element, these stronger hints became unforgettable and depressed. Maybe this is how I watched the movie, but nothing else was working outside the sexual scenes. We did not know anything about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> At the end I would like to say that this movie could have benefited from having a strong score or stupidly distant element of musical genre and let us familiarize viewers with the emotions felt by J and Y. From what I remember, and I try to push this movie away from my mind, I do not remember any musical undertones. Gojitmal could have been a stronger movie if Yang or stylized it with music, or did something to refer to the beings of our character. I understand that he wanted sex to speak for himself, but there was no technical element in this film that could satisfy a stronger desire more. Technically it was a bad movie. Of course, an independent film in nature seemed more like director Yang, who tried to create symbolic references from nothing, instead of a typical independent of that kind. I did not see such a social message or human element, as mentioned above, I felt that he threw this film together in two weeks and realized that sex would be enough to sell. It was not Larry Clark's production; it was below the norm and definitely required further technical clicks to expand them more strongly than the final version! <br /> <br /> In general, I think I could like this movie, and there were smaller elements that I liked, but I felt that this movie was hurried, repetitive and played too much towards the taboo, instead of breaking it. Obvious traps of this movie can be seen in the last scene of this movie, when we are initiated into how the title of the film was made. Our characters were calm, our story was underdeveloped and we could use something that is memorable, so that what happened between Y and J has become something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tried to capture the artistic encounter with pornography too much? and it failed. It was not a movie worth the time and effort required to perform. <br /> <br /> Class: ** with *****
