MOŻLIWE BARDZO MNIEJSZE SPOILERY <br /> <br /> This movie is announced as the first Russian horror movie. Unfortunately, as far as I am concerned, "Witch" (her Russian title) will take the place of shame in the gallery of horrible Russian films. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. "Basic" is the key word here because history is not required. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> This is a unique production because we are used to the fact that directors take stories from other cultures and adapt them to their own culture. A great example of American adaptations of foreign films, but then Sturgess turned Seven Kurosawa samurai in The Magnificent Seven with great results, and Kurosawa moved Macbeth Shakespeare to Japan to create an incredibly powerful throne in blood while King Lear became a riveting Ran . However, thanks to the "Witch" we have Russians exaggerating the Russian classic tale on American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English for the purpose of dubbing it to English using American actors and has quite synchronous lip movements. <br /> <br /> The natural consequence is the loss of the colorful Ukrainian background for the story, there comes a gray American small town seemingly taken out of some obsolete horror textbook. The stormy Khoma Brutus seminar has disappeared, instead we have a delicious journalist who is going to win the Pullitzer prize, and at the same time writes about events similar to X-Files and frequent Miss Boobs contests. (I never thought that the Pullitzer prize was awarded for this type of writing, now I am humbly correcting myself.) In a strange bow to Russianness, the journalist is called Ivan Berkhoff. John Smith should call him, because it's impossible to get more hackney, cliché and generic than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a city called Castleville, gets trapped in a dirt road, staggers until he finds a destroyed house and is not welcomed by the old crone. All this to the accompaniment of a radio message about the forces of evil in their most powerful situation, and people who are better at home and avoiding water. Do I have to mention that it is really raining? After some supposedly frightening scenes that made me laugh, the story finds our journalist dressed as a priest, made a mistake with the priest, and the local sheriff tells him that his daughter, who died after a brutal attack, wanted the new priest to pray for her for three nights. At this point, the action is about to begin. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything from the dialog window to the support department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was clearly written in English and was compiled only from cliches and clichés selected from American films. The actors were also clearly struggling with English because their speech was difficult and unnatural, and Russian dubbing followed them. Acting is usually cruel, and not only because the actors often have difficulty speaking, but because they have nothing similar to facial expressions. Most are simply empty or you want to have them. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​the great Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, who plays in a wheelchair in Castleville. And of course a rooster that is absolutely natural in the camera! I know that actors complain that they are dogs and cats, but when Nikolaev is upstarts by a rooster, it is a sad testimony to the overall quality of the game in the film. <br /> <br /> There was not a single scary moment in the whole movie and there was not one original moment in the film. Remember that the commentary comes from someone who is rather inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with the standard movements used in horror since the genre. At a critical moment the camera behaves with love on the oil lamp. The lamp goes off immediately. There must have been a few horrors too. The example of the highest idiocy comes at a different moment, the figure jumps out of the bathtub and runs to the camera. He's wearing what looks like a loincloth! It's no more idiotic than it! <br /> <br /> Those in Russia who like to say this should be advertised as a mystical thriller. I was not delighted either. It was ordinary from beginning to end. I especially liked the fact that the whole small town population acted as if they knew exactly that they lived in horror, except that they were not sure if they had a zombie or not. That is why some of them behaved like zombies, just in case. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers say it's about finding faith. Such beautiful collections of idiotic activities, stupidly invented moments and, yes, stereotypes, do not deserve to find faith. The film is so completely and completely false that it only deserves to be an exhibit at the wax museum.
