What is here? Let me say. This presence (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but maybe a nice star with some good movies that do not belong to them. He did nothing more than anything he did before or after. So not to mention (literally!) About the issue (Steve McQueen) that he is in the same role in the original because I do not want to do it in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), she's wearing a lot of bad movies, and even at its best it looks average! And it really gets on my nerves when they talk about her seductive rare beauty !! Well, if being blond would make anyone be bewitching, I'm dying my hair as fast as possible! And what is it with all the madness against Basinger's Legs ?? !! Is it certainly madness or bad taste? Because I do not consider them sexy, but also VERY! And if you hate it, shoot me, but you know what ?! I just watched the movie, so I'm dead! However, what would make you really unbearable is that none of the loans goes to the one you deserve the most. And of course, I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we are talking about a real, seductive cane with such an unforgettable body and one unique feeling of seduction as a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe) but much healthier !! (I can not help it, it was the only new and possible thing to see here!). (Michael Madsen) as a bad guy he was very attractive and effective more than good guys (James Woods) is here to summarize the early events at the pool (so the trailer will be his voice later!) And he knew First of all this is all Hollywood stuff, so "Do something, get cash and good luck as an actor in other movies!", The montage gave the film a serious personality with a violent atmosphere made by appropriate shiny photos, so the main good (action, thrill, ...) are here and are quite well done , although any echo of deep meanings (types of betrayal), as the main dramatic motif of the whole affair, is not so strong that you do not wait for it. OK, this is all the next remake without anything special (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!), So I think I tried to be as objective as I could, so I should not finish my review saying (Basinger) whoever did better here than this movie ... It would be an insult, because to be honest ... Everything is better than this movie!
