The well-known operator Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this very bad movie about horror / drama. 19th century England has a different view of how to deal with medical practice than Dr. Thomas Rock, according to the law that only the bodies of suspended criminals can be examined and experimented. But the stocks of these bodies are small, and Rock needs more - and prefers to be fresher. Being an individualist in his circle, he begins to pay people for finding bodies for him to learn and test. Desperate satins Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom know this opportunity and start killing people and selling these bodies to Rock. Of course, this type of action has even worse consequences than practicing the dead bodies of non-criminals and leads to trouble for everyone. While the whole story sounds intriguing on paper, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you're beginning to question your decision to sit and watch cinematography. The whole look of the movie is simply ugly. Seeing the film unfold in the slums of England in the nineteenth century, filmmakers probably chose an "ugly" look, but they do not do it in an ingenious way. Everything, from the stage design to cinematography, looks cheap, weak and disgusting. The scene of almost everything is filled with something that simply can not be taken seriously, and most of the time it has something to do with someone (both small and large roles) doing something that looks or sounds completely unreasonable. Francis certainly did not help his actors. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play twisted movie buddies, Fallon and Broom, respectively, and are very bombastic, but very angry. Their characters are crazy by nature, but Pryce and Rea take these parts to death. They especially have trouble keeping the same accent from shooting to shooting - in particular, Pryce goes from Cockney to Ireland to Long John Silver to some kind of lagoon and so on. It's also a humorous confusion to see Twiggy in the movie at all, let alone play a street hooker, because she can not save her life (though her song is not so funny during the final credits). Boy, I am sure it has come a long way: from "flower power" to "I will take my shilling clothes"! As bad as the three actors in this movie, Julian Sands takes home the prize for the worst performance in the film. It's just as lame as possible, giving one loudly laughing attempt to show anger, love, happiness, fear - choose emotion, every emotion! <br /> <br /> There is only one good thing in The Doctor And The Devils: Dr Rock's performance with Timothy Dalton. Despite the fact that it is surrounded by film wastewater, Dalton is quite good; it gives an electric representation of an excessively driven but good man. It is a pity that the rest of the movie could not be as good as Mr. Dalton ...
