I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after I sat down at the college cinema last night, I could not help thinking ... when will it end? Very long and heavy two hours and fifteen minutes. I only saw part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. He said experimental films like this are better digested in small increments. There are some beautiful / horrible images ... including the title sequence (no jokes), but if you enter it, expecting any story or meaning, you are in the middle of a long ride with a nap. I managed not to fall asleep through the whole thing (if it was a compliment), but more often than for a moment I waited for some sense or narrative ... a big mistake. Among the collection of paintings is a very richly decorated gift wrapping ceremony, creating a disgusting dish that seems to be vaseline plates formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with prawns (this is served to the ship's crew, which is shown throughout the movie), a large cheesecake with mint hearts with a large tentacle placed in the middle, and a mutual look at Bjork and director Matthew Barney, which eventually ends with some strange kind of communion, and then their transformation into whale-like creatures. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and irritating ... sometimes even annoying. Once Bjork sings a song that accompanies the ephemeral rituals that are played in front of us, and another time there is the constant clatter of a high instrument that we see as a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the movie. If it sounds like it does not make sense, it's because it is NOT! If it sounds like your cup of tea, then you will absolutely LOVE! If it sounds like something you probably do not like, then stay away from it, because you're likely to leave the theater halfway, like a few people at the show I was in. This is the definition of an artistic film. You get what you take from him. But apart from that there is not much there, apart from a few peculiarities and constant rituals of construction and deconstruction. I am glad that there is a place for films like this one, but I can not say that I would like to sit back. I can not say, however, that I would not like to see one of Barney Cremaster's films from beginning to end and compare it with that. I think maybe now, when I know what to expect, I can enjoy something like that. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding this movie has, I probably would like it better if I were stoned. On the other hand, it might have seemed twice as long as it was, and then it REALLY would have been difficult. Definitely not for everyone.
