Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and very disappointing comedy-thriller from the conspiracy of the little-known director William Richert. While watching the movie, I really felt like I was an emperor in the classic fairy tale New Emperor's robes. The movie made me feel like a fool because I could not make the head or tail of the serpentine story and pointless characters. But I felt a bit embarrassed admitting to myself that the movie makes my brain knot. So I'm stuck with it to the end, hoping that the whole mess will develop itself. Then I realized that ... the movie is THE BEST to be serpentine, meaningless and illogical, because that's the whole point. It is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists, with the creation of a conspiracy used as a metaphor for establishing truths, half-truths and lies that define a conspiracy. Even when I found out that the joke was on me, I still felt that Winter Kills was a terrible movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of the former President of the United States who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when the dying man claims to have shot the president and gives detailed information about where he hid the weapon. Nick follows the directions, but at every step people helping him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. In addition, his father Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgustingly wealthy businessman, intervenes in Nick's investigation. The deeper he gets into the murder, the more Nick realizes he's going into a network of complex lies and red herrings, where nothing is as it seems and nobody can be trusted. <br /> <br /> The movie is a complete nightmare to follow and in many respects it is not worth trying to follow the aforementioned reason that it is deliberately intertwined. The cast is full of extraordinary talent, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most pointless episodic roles in film history; Elizabeth Taylor seems invaluable and does not have a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone receives something that seems to be an interesting role, but his character does not go anywhere. John Huston has the best role as a powerful patriarch and provides us with some pleasant moments of the film with his frantic delivery. Anthony Perkins also has a terrifying role and is doing well with it, although his time on the screen is far too short to render the character's full justice. Some nudity and sex scenes are cast for no real reason, and although they are quite graphic and may appeal to voyeur, they really belong to a different movie. The semi-comic climax of the film is farce and disappointing, but paradoxically it is remembered in a strange way. There is of course a cult audience somewhere on Winter Kills .... but I will not count in its number.
