Altered Species begins on Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his laboratory assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn oil at midnight when they try and perfect a revolutionary new drug called "Rejenacyn". When Walter gives the last unsuccessful attempt to sink, the pipes leak the fluorescent green liquid into the basement, in which laboratory rats flee ... Five friends Walter, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very attractive outfit, including cool boots that gets into the rat), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide that he worked too hard and must leave, so they plan to pick him up and have fun at night. In the lab and cleaner, Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by deadly rats in the basement when Walter injected the latest dose of lab rat serum that breaks out of the cage as it grows at an amazing rate. Walter's friends appear, but he can not leave when the rat is still absent, so everyone helps him look for him. All six become a potential food for rats ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species, he was co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman. The producer's scenario of Serge Rodnunsky is poor and combined with the general trash of production as a whole, Altered Species is really bad. At the beginning the character is stupid, irritating and banal. Then there is a non-original plot with a mad scientist, a monster created by him, an isolated place, a discarded man and an obligatory final match between the hero and the monster. Everything is somewhere here. Changed species are moving at a fairly fast pace, which is almost the best thing I can say about it and, fortunately, it does not last that long. It's basically your average movie about deadly rats and it's not particularly good at it. <br /> <br /> Director Feldman is filming a TV movie, and the whole is bland and forgotten, while some of the special effects and attack scenes leave much to be desired. For starters, CGI rats are awful, the sequences of attacks contain hand-moving camera movements and really quick modifications to conceal the fact that all rats are sitting there passively. At different points of the changed species, the cages of rats have to shake because of the movement of the rats, but it is clear that all rats are sitting there when someone shakes the cages from the screen. The huge monster of rats at the end looks pretty poor, because it's just a guy in a suspicious suit. There is no fear, tension, atmosphere, and when do the cellars contain bright neon lighting? There are one or two nice pieces of blood, somebody has a nice, dirty hole in the place where their face once was, there is a severed hand and a beheaded head, a lot of rat bites, someone torn out of the eyeball and a dead crippled cat. br /> <br /> Species that are technically changed are in the whole standard below. It takes place within one building, has low CGI effects and low production values. Acting is not too much, but it's not that bad and a special mention for Leah Rowan as Alicia, who is a little dear and makes the Altered Species a bit prettier and easier to watch ...> <br /> Changed species not they're a particularly good movie, in fact it's quite a bad movie, but I suppose you can do worse. It's not great, but it can be worth seeing if you're not too demanding and have nothing else to do.
