Nell Shipman had to pay a large sum of money to promote Maxwell's off-road capabilities. The plot is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of a writer's block and needs inspiration, so he goes to Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There he meets a hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who decides to drive a car, not ride a horse. While Nell visits his father's partner in a mining camp, a gang of local bandits kidnap her and take her to the camp deep in the desert. The hero has to reach her quickly, so he decides to go there with his car. Here the film takes on a strange character. Bert goes through every possible terrain, huge rocks, small streams, heavy brushes, tree stumps, steep slopes, etc. For the most part of the movie, we see how this car is trying to crawl over obstacles. Now remember that this is not a modern ATV, it's a Maxwell car from 1920, so it looks very out of place as a off-road vehicle. And it clearly has limitations for some of the terrains it encounters, we see that it has got stuck in this film more than once. But the filmmakers tried to show that it overcomes the chances and eventually all obstacles are gone. When the hero reaches the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps into her car with her and leaves with bandits in the chase (on horseback) and at that moment he became hysterical to me. Watching the car slowly roll over the huge rocks, get stuck in the gravel and mountain brush, moving forward and back to get enough momentum to pass through the fallen limbs of the trees, bandits should have enough time to catch up. But they never do it, even if we believe that this pursuit in the desert lasts all night. And in a stupid climax, the car climbs the mountainside and helps Nell and the hero to push the huge rock down to crush the pursuing bandits. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you might think that the army should invest in Maxwell cars in 1920 because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than the combined Hummers and Bradley tanks. Watch this movie only for laughter, it's worth seeing Nell hugging herself to the grill and saying: "You made your best, brave little car"
