to create a movie audience - I am shocked by the number of positive comments that this unfortunate film has collected here. I can not admit it, but I can not help it, for that matter, because of the payments from the alley for the critics who advertise Annette Bening for the Oscar; hole in the kitchen ceiling can be better attributed to her chewing in the scenery. She is a great actress, but it is unfortunately an unbalanced performance that lacks movie actors who need to be mastered to capture the script's script and keep it for the chaotic madness of the movie. <br /> <br /> I really do not want to blame Miss Bening or most other artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her vague job) because it's a frightening adaptation, a classic case of wrong translation (I'm prepared to assume that I have not read the book and I do not think I would do it later, the script introduces us to the measure of unspoken behavior and extreme emotional anxiety stemming from mysterious figures who have not developed a relationship either with us or with each other. that humiliates both heroes and the audience, and leaves me like a survivor shaking his head for leftovers at the end of each repeating episode, shock and terror would describe my reaction to crazy, bipolar mood swings between loud and silent sensitivity, the latter telegramsed by jed one of the most annoying, manipulative, booming soundtracks I've ever heard - that is, when all this is not set to absurdly absurd toons - things from the era, you know, but chosen with an astonishing dismissal of the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> How did this wonderful cast get mixed up in this I do not know - I can not believe that they saw the script before signing. They certainly use their skills with commitment - I am very sorry about the wonderful Jill Clayburgh saddled with a costume of women's dress and wig, trying in vain to get something meaningful out of sketchy and banal dialogue. In contrast, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to provide consistent, refined, real performance. Can anyone give this person the leading role of a substance? How about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? One would think that the industry could make better use of it, and not look like a hirsute like Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My voice? Standd turd, fine, but unrelated to the sky.
