When an attempt was made to murder the emir Ohtar, an Arab tycoon who visited Washington, the waitress was saved by Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity, and receives a job offer for the US Department of State's Department of State. It is not known, however, that the State Department officials who offer her work have a hidden program. <br /> <br /> The map we see shows Ohtar lying on the border of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in the barren desert known as Rub al-Khali or Empty Quarter. In real life, a state in this location would have a virtually zero population and practically zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film we must accept the fact that Ohtar is of great strategic importance in the cold war and that the US government, who wants to build a military base there, must do everything in their power to maintain the good side of the ruler. It turns out that Emir favored an attractive young woman who saved him and reached an agreement with the State Department; they can have their base, provided that he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem. Sunny's new job is just a trick, which is to provide the Emir with further opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> Such a plot could be an occasion for funny satire, but in reality the satirical content of the film is rather subdued. Perhaps in 1984, American public opinion was not in the mood for a cruel satire on the foreign policy of his country; after all, this was the year in which Ronald Reagan carried out forty-nine out of fifty states in the presidential election, and his hard line with the Soviet Union clearly gave way to voters. (If the film was made several years later, in connection with the Iran / Contra case, its tone could have been different). <br /> <br /> The film is not a satire as a vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show her brand of beauty and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie character - pretty, sweet, naive and not very bright. However, there is a limit to how far you can go, with the same brightness and charm, and you can not automatically make a bad movie, just making the main character a stupid blonde. (Actually, it sounds more like a recipe for a bad movie). Goldie is trying to save this, but it never fails. Part of this is the inconsistent way in which her character is portrayed. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet, innocent country girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a seedy bar and wears a revealing costume. The effect is rather like imagining that Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm grew up and works as a Bunny Girl. <br /> <br /> The more important reason why Goldie is unable to save this movie is even the best comedian or comedian, he is no better than his / her material and the "Protocol" is simply inconvenient. Whatever humor exists, he is tired and tense, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who apparently crave Western women, especially if they're blonde and blue-eyed. There were many such things in the mid-eighties, because it was the period when he also saw the horrible movie Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski "Harem" about the lecherous ruler of the Middle East who kidnaps a young American girl and a mini-series with the same name who talked virtually identical history with the period setting. It seems that the filmmakers realized that their film will not work as a pure comedy, because at the end it turns into something like "Smith Smith Goes to Washington". Sunny turns into a blond bimbo as a source of political wisdom and begins to utter various phrases about democracy and the constitution and the citizen's obligation to vote, and we on people and how the price of freedom is eternal vigilance blah blah ?? but the film really did not succeed more as a political parable than as a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has made many good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Houseitter", but "Protocol" is not one of them. I have not seen all her films, but of those that have seen this horrible comedy is by far the worst.
