This is one of the weakest films in the MGM series, using tons of film material, not only from Trader Horn, but also the first two films in the series (for example, the last alligator fight). This is a great profession after the classic Tarzanie and his Mate, which is probably the best movie in the series. <br /> <br /> The plot has Jane's cousins ​​coming to the jungle to tell her she inherited a fortune if I come back to pick it up. They are as if bound, because the relative who left her money cut them out of will. Employment of a great white hunter who secretly wants to capture Tarzan and sell it, the couple goes to the jungle, where they fall into the usual problems with the jungle (more because of the film material). After many conversations, Jane decides to return to civilization and we get long sequences of Tarzan and Jame, who make a face. In the end, in the last half hour the plot to capture Tarzan is launched, and things eventually become interesting because the plans are spoiling and everything looks very grim for anyone interested. <br /> <br /> A painfully boring movie is a clear proof of difficult production. it seems that the movie has been made from several different films, and the first half-hour playback is almost exactly the repetition of the previous movie. The middle third shows the signs of having to take things out and have storylines that eventually disappeared. The last third, in which Tarzan is captured, and the party is in danger, is the moment when the film finally comes to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence, which caused the need to rewind the film). For me, it's great to think about how the series managed to continue because this movie is not very good (except for the end). It would be difficult to explain it, except that I must say that it was a relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane, who were returning home. It is a beautifully combined connection and really is one of the screens of great couples. <br /> <br /> (I should probably mention that this is the point where the movie has become less real and fantastic with the appearance of the Tarzan house tree.) I really do not like the first hour of this movie and consider it a great waste of time and energy. If you can come to the end, I recommend trying the movie. Otherwise, I will skip the whole movie and go to the next movie in this series.
