In the small American town of Meadowvale Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb entry for this character is wrong, definitely Dr. Blake is not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous "Psychological Research Institute", and also hosted a local television program called "Independent thinkers." He uses this T.V. program to hypnotize viewers and force them to commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake uses the help of a large brain with an evil face that uses the spinal cord as a tail. Usually, the brain simply sits in a tank, eats a mouse and a strange evil actor, every time it eats someone, it becomes much larger. Meanwhile, in a local high school, talented but troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) was caught placing sodium in toilets. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake in the PRI to get help in his attitude and behavioral problems. While Dr. Blake approaches Jim, well, I do not know what. Whatever it is is related to the brain. Initially, Jim is able to resist brain control. The brain thinks Jim is a threat to himself and his plans. After leaving the PRI Jim begins to have strange hallucinations and smashes his car. Jim goes to his waitress Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but soon gives her assistant to Dr. Blake (George Buza), after Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one who can defy mind control techniques, and because "Independent Thinkers" become citizens, the brain does not want anything or anyone to stop this evil plan from dominating the world! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the entire city and he must stop the brain before it takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Director: Ed Hunt, who is called Edward Hunt here, The brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not get me wrong, because it's definitely not great either. Barry Pearson's script attempts to prick satire by brainwashing and mind control according to the plot of T.V. It moves at a good pace and is not too boring. There is no explanation of the existence of the brain, it just is there and we have to accept it. This story is a bit hesitant and never fully explores one element, there is control of the TV mind, the brain itself, Jim's hunting by the police and his inappropriate behavior, and many other things here and there, including a strange revelation about Dr. Blake, who is not explained at all. Production in terms of this film looks cheap and was probably cheap. Acting is not great, but I've seen worse, and what does David Gale do? In fact, this role is similar to the role of Gale in Re-Animator (1985), until the death of his character in both films. The brain first sits in the tank and begins to grow when someone eats someone, and at the end is quite large. Each stage is made of rubber. It does not look particularly good and is not frightening or frightening, it's cheap. There is no blood or blood in it, except a wink, and you will miss the cut of your head. The nudity is provided by the assistant of Dr. Blake Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before she is eaten. The brain had some entertainment value for me, but I think most people would not like it. Maybe it's worth watching if you can see it on T.V. free.
