To say that Thunderbirds is a horrible, forced, vulgar, ugly look, obnoxious to listen to and painful to watch a movie, would not be enough. There are only two reasons why I can think why you are watching this movie: 1; You saw Thunderbirds when you were young (like me) and you're curious how it is, but you'll really just watch to find out how much they screwed up. Or 2; You see it with someone under ten years old. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manage to control everything they try. The list is long, but there are other, more subtle, humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From this, Thunderbirds is bad, bad, bad. The whole moral message and "goal" are determined in a terrible way: Jeff Tracy (Low Bill Baxton) tells his youngest son Alan that he has not yet proven that he is Thunderbird after Alan randomly and stupidly decided on Visceral Tracy Island to fire Thunderbird One. The whole movie is a series of events and fires involving the fact that Alan tries to prove himself, while his father and other brothers are trapped in space on board the Thunderbird five. <br /> <br /> The film is based on children's actors: 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet), 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton), son of Brains. To say that watching the "adventures" to which they refer is painful, it is an understatement. Often an attempt to act and use the script while fighting the evil "Hood" (Kingsley) in an absurdly indecent and thin manner acts as entertainment for the duration of the movie; it differs only when everyone is in a different place. What's more, the whole "mind control" was very tiring and basically dragged the movie down because it was abused and was a way for our heroes to see the weakness in The Hood ?? forced and accidental. <br /> <br /> I know that most movies for children nowadays try to integrate some adult material, but in Thunderbirds this is done in a way that fetish Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence that she is a little older than the rest of the kids? At the age of 24, it is almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often very charged and carry erotic pressure. We see her in the tub, bubbles to her neck, watching TV; her butler arrives and sneaks when she seductively changes channels with her wet, bare and bubbly foot. Frequent shots of her massive, bright pink high-heeled shoes filling the screen during different scenes: It first happens when it is associated with the second event during a fist fight with another woman! In conjunction with this, her brightly pink costumes, which reveal themselves enough to be enough, are particularly outstanding, as well as the way she moves and talks with this elegant, dominant English accent; sounding like a commanding lover (Well, she's LADY Penelope, and better make sure you call her that) The whole thing is funny, but the assembly is so fast that the kids will not notice, but it's certainly just as hell is there. <br /> <br /> The real plot of The Hood, doing everything in his power to rob several banks, is very strange, characters that are his bodyguards: a sophisticated woman and a hard, black man who gets very moved . Should we laugh at it? And what about the fight scenes? Poorly choreographic acrobatics and what the hell was stupid sounds? This is completely, totally funny. <br /> <br /> The list is long. The way Bill Paxton plays it all is as serious as he was told they do it one way, but it was done in a different way how Ford Motor has its logo in the whole place. Information bulletin: sponsored by Ford, the camera even supports Ford several times when cars are shot and CGI looks like a video clip from a computer game? It's irritating. The fact that we are to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the icy Thames, against the current, saves the shot down monorail (monorail on the Thames!), Returning to the hatch; save the day by holding your breath. This is an absolute bull, and the creators know that? I do not even know if the 10-year-old will swallow it. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is annoying, unpalatable, badly written, and even Rolls Royce has been taken away and replaced by a flying car? anything that could go wrong went wrong.
