The original Thunderbirds have won a place in the history of television. It was and still is very popular - in fact, the entire first 10 minutes of the film Wallace and Gromit (Wererabbit) is a direct transfer of Thunderbirds, to directly recreate the original sequence of launching Thunderbird 2 (if you do not believe me, get a movie, and then get a copy the original episode in which Thunderbird is launched 2.) <br /> <br /> This movie was an inept attempt to make a movie for children - when the original was loved and liked by children and adults! In the original Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often imprisoned when Mother Nature or Technology went terribly bad (yes, there were also cases of crime). Thunderbirds expose their lives and resources to risk without any reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness. There was little physical violence. Thunderbirds to some extent challenged the imagination - how many of us would ever dream of building Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment - many Japanese people attribute their fascination to the humanoid robots of the old cartoon Astroboy. <br /> <br /> But this movie was a bad repetition of the original. This movie turned out to be a connection between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as Brain imitating stinking Porky Pig ????? A large part of the action consists of a Kung Fu / Power Rangers fight. Indeed, there were funny sound effects when someone was nailed to the pan. The technique that fired our imagination was absent - instead we have these kids running around using a story machine that NEVER was in the original series (at once the whole team took off, leaving the base occupied by children and the brain). Then came the mysticism dose "Use the Force Luke" when TinTin levitated something or something else, in conjunction with The Hood, using aerodynamics that looked like it was raised from the "Crouching Tiger, the Hidden Dragon." The only thing missing was that The Hood went "TinTin, I'm your Uncle" with the voice of the respirator. The heart that made Thunderbirds special was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot was the portrait of Ron Cook Parker - he caught it perfectly. But the actress playing Lady Penelope stumbled upon the child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone gives out something that's popular with fans, and expects fans to spend their money on watching and then deliver something that is not even close to what fans expect - well, I'm sorry, it's just a bright BAD! OK, so if they were making a movie for children - well - next time, distribute it directly to the video, where many of them belong. But do not pack anything into a known package and do not change your guts.
