"Thunderbirds" is an extremely popular series from the 1960s, which crossed the years and generations to the point that it is now just as popular, both among adults and children, as it was in its heyday. It is therefore possible to deduce that the chance to produce a feature film live on a million-dollar Hollywood budget was a great opportunity to revive the series, as did the "Spider-Man" and "The X-Men." But the horrible plot and bland acting has blurred this opportunity and soon it turned out that everything that was intended for this movie is a trash in the basket for children. <br /> <br /> Instead of a movie focusing on five sons Tracey, their father and a faithful geek A brain striving to save people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this murderer is a malcontent and thirteen year old Alan Tracey, a fourteen-year-old tin and ten Fermat's annual brain, son of Brains (yes, Brains son, despite the fact that he is a man who would certainly never have won a woman if he tried, maybe he bred a child in a Petri dish). As you can see after the three main heroes, the remake of "Thunderbirds" from 2004. It was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under the age of twelve, instead of trying to appeal to the wide age range of those involved in a much better rebirth "Spider-Man" it did . The plot itself was so bland, with clumsy, awkward dialogue and weak jokes that probably would not have entertained brighter teenagers. The screenwriter seemed more interested in ripping "Spy Kids" (at least eccentric and original) instead of reworking the people they know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent Miss Penelope and Parker, they had only three lines between them, so their presence was barely perceptible. Jeff Tracey Bill Paxton was just boring and there was not the slightest mention of the other four boys Tracey, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, Brains and the Hood, were simply embarrassing. Especially The Hood is neither threatening nor sinister, and instead it becomes a dingy, bipolar stereotypical villain, as inert as a piece of rotting lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may be a good young actor, but it was difficult to see in a movie where he plays a buzzing brat who just creaks, and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as a tin because what he does the most looks nice and be all for "Girl Power". Ironically, it is Fermat the young Soren Fulton who is the only interesting character of the film, because Fulton provides a natural and relaxed game. <br /> <br /> The "Thunderbirds" series will be remembered forever as the perfect show that proves dolls can give solid results! "Thunderbirds" movie will be forgotten by the majority and remembered by several as one big flop.
