I always thought that most of the huge cash flaps usually have something to recommend, but after the remake of Around 80 days and Thunderbirds, I start to doubt it. For those who are not familiar with it, it is based on a puppet show about the astronaut family who use the most modern rockets, spacecraft and submarines to rescue people from various disasters (falling bridges, airplanes, burning buildings, etc.) Every week. Well, puppets are gone (replaced by much more lifeless teenagers), just like the premise - only one inefficiently exposed rescue and plot shamelessly detached from Spy Kids without any traces of imagination, wit and entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels excluded from the rescue, which we never see, because other dad do not let him play with a real rocket until he passes the exams. Based on a beautiful tropical island (a bit of a punishment!), His chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a group of identical blonde bleachers who look like a gay neo-Nazi team of boys without a single characteristic between them - are trapped in space and must spend the day, well, running through the jungle, calling the phone, shooting the hose to the inept comedy villains and spilling them in a bad mood. <br /> <br /> The advantages are few. One of them is that the film is the center of attention. The second is that everyone must go to Seychelles, which looks nice. <br /> <br /> Bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley's lowest performance? The incompetent comedic help mentioned earlier, who at the worst disgrace the Children's Film Foundation? Almost no action or effects in a $ 70 million science fiction movie? A horrible scenario, a dead direction, a hideous moralizing? But above all, the fact that the film is so condescending in every respect. Forget about life's lessons and sentiments, it's a movie directed directly at people in the dark by people who know they are making a movie for children and constantly talking to selected recipients, throwing jokes and routines of the fifth grade that offend most children who have just mastered the art of speech . This movie could be replaced by sending him early to bed without dinner as a favorite punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in the history of the British film (it did not even cover the costs of printouts and marketing) is simply audible, even as a subject lesson, like NOT to make a summer movie.
