Johnathan Frakes is a good actor, and when he does not direct a family movie, he is an excellent director. But he really should not have been directing this movie, and the script should be rejected. The director and scriptwriters must understand what the original TV program really was, and who the characters were and how they worked. The original series had many episodes with a razor-sharp script, with good dialogue and situations that American producers would never consider in programming for children, much less in the film that made the original series so well received by adults. I mean, Tracy were university graduates, and some even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were characters who died, though most were bad. If they wrote it in the way it was originally made, which is not stupid because of poor dialogue, kindergarten humor and poor storyline, the Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not have such a bad opinion. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was out of place and annoying was the constant reference to the Ford Motor Company, even so far advanced that Lady Penelope was driving a vanished Ford Thunderbird that looked like a FAB-1 instead of using it , which would be more appropriate considering Mrs Penelope's station (not to mention that she is more faithful to the original), ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She was supposed to be an outstanding member of British society, hence preference for the best English car brands in the original series. Another reviewer pointed out that Penelope would not be caught in Ford. He is almost right in the context that the idea of ​​her driving in Ford does not work. At least they could ride Penelope in a Jaguar comprised of FAB 1, because Jaguar is a British car owned by Ford, but NOT! They had to use a simple FORD! But putting a Ford product on it does not end there. EVERY single car that you can see is Ford! Even the message that is displayed on TVs in the film was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The advantage of Ford vehicles makes the film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a futuristic look in the 1960s and is still ahead of its time. But the futuristic design in the original series worked because it tried to make the look practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is stylized to excess, overcoming the sense of functionality and practicality. Many of the things that were done in film design were made only for style, many times without a sense of function, to give this style sense. <br /> <br /> The original series was based on good acting voice talent performances to overcome the limited expressions in puppets, bringing them to life in episodes. The brilliant and lively musical score of Barry Gray has helped even more connect the audience with the story, the heroes and how everything happened to help achieve a great goal (a little Stanislavsky talk). The film on the other hand had some exaggerated performances. Anthony Edwards defeated Brains, Bill Paxton, because Jeff Tracy simply did not act despite decent acting (one of the few), there were better choices for Hood than Ben Kingsley and many others that I will not mention (it would take too much time). Just dolls were more reliable! The second was too general and unsurpassed musical score by Hans Zimmer, sounding more like a mix of "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13." <br /> <br /> And of course, Hood. The Hood in the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano via the Kyrano statue as a socket for ESP contact. But that's where his incredible ability ended. He is a master of dressing and cheating, which allows him to sneak out unnoticed (in most cases) to collect information about Thunderbirds for his own purposes. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and generally collects information using a film camera, although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the "Thunderbird 6" from the 1960s (which was the last Thunderbirds show filmed Supermarionation and Second Edition But while he is a nemesis of the International Rescue, Hood is not a villain in any Thunderbirds episode, and he has a tendency to avoid direct confrontation with the International Rescue, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to behave more like a moron, as well as a hood with an expanded mind control capability, including the ability to move objects and travel on a plane for short periods of time, which is completely different from Hood as the hero of the original series with a character that can make children laugh, and people familiar with the scratching series on heads in confusion or leaving the theater in disgust. <br /> <br /> There's more criticism, but the 1000 word limit for the IMDb review will not let me list them all. So I will shut up, saying that I did not like this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! After watching the original series and Supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6) I was hoping for something much better than this. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than the live action of a farce. (And he speaks it nicely.) - Kip Wells
