I am not a fan of the Left Behind book series - books are written at the level of the sixth grade with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While books manage to remain faithful to the Holy Scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). In addition, books have an unmistakable voice that will exclude unbelievers and not lead them to the gospel. Even so, I read these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For a similar reason, I watched this film adaptation. It is sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film bordering on poverty. Acting is actually rather decent, in most cases with minor weak acts and excessive acting. The script is rather poor, although it is not a surprise when we start from the novel as a basis. Characters are poorly drawn and poorly developed. Events are scattered and disconnected. Dialogue sometimes sounds hasty. At least the book had managed to develop a hokey conspiracy theory. Here, the viewer remains an inconsistent mess that only makes sense when someone has read the book. The pace of the film is also very poorly made, and the opening and ending seem extremely hasty, and the center stretches to terribly slow wading, which makes you feel padded. Music is schizophrenic. Sometimes it successfully emphasizes the mood and sounds matching the movie. At other times, it reminds me of sitcom and mini-series. And other fragments remind me of the poppy music track MTV, which simply does not belong to the movie. I can give movie points to the panic scene on the plane, but that's all. Other scenes related to Rapture catastrophes are far from convincing. The film also suffers from the preaching of the book, although its message is not as it is on your face. All in all, I consider this film as just as disappointing as the series. This is not a movie in which Christians gather. I hope that this film will NOT pay attention in cinemas next year. It would be a more unnecessary bad publicity for Christianity. An example of a convincing, intelligent, well-researched series based on Revelation, which presents a realistic and Christian worldview without insulting a secular reader (who should be the one the Christian tries to reach), read the trilogy of Christ the Clone by James BeauSeigneur. It's great reading and is a much better choice for non-believers or believers who value quality.
