Never before have the motives of film producers been more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they make every willing TV operator to whisper the film as the greatest thing since sliced ​​white bread. NEXT encourages as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the film to regain its poor production costs and increase the advertising budget. And finally, when the film goes to the cinema, let as many Christians see it again, if necessary, take it to the multiplexes, NOT based on the film itself, but because opening the cash on # 1 will be seen as a kind of deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But of course this is not enough. I imagine that any film critic with the courage to give "Left Behind" anything other than a brilliant review will be considered "anti-Christian". <br /> <br /> Of course, this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. After all, it's a good old capitalism at work. What surprises me is how many people have been drawn into the whole way of thinking "Left Behind". As someone who tries to balance their spiritual beliefs with a certain sense of reason and rationality, leaves me scratching my head. There seem to be many, MANY people who really believe that sometime in the near future there will be a "Delight" and that millions of people around the world will disappear in THIS AIR at the same time. What reality, I wonder if these people live? Is this "rapture" something they really believe in, or is it something they want to believe? And when will they reach the end of their lives and realize that the "delight" has not occurred, will they be disappointed and disappointed? Will there still be people who for 100 years insist that "Rapture" is inevitable? <br /> <br /> In a sense, I'd almost like an event like this! What an interesting day! Even more interesting would be if the Apocalypse was to take place in a more spectacular way, not in the anthropological sense, which the authors of the series Left Behind presented, but more as the production of Stephen Spielberg, with boiling clouds, trumpets, angels descending from the sky, the Moon turned in blood, all nine meters. Imagine that you realize that everything has come true, as the evangelists have been warning for years, and that there was something more amazing than just the cold, hard, physical reality that we inhabit. Would not it be something? <br /> <br /> But in the final analysis it is this cold, hard, physical reality that I will be happy with. My life is not so senseless that I need fear of "Delight" and "Time of Ultimate" to understand all this ... nor do I need Heaven or Hell to bribe or frighten me to behave decently, thank you very much .
