It took some time to see it for the first time, so I watched it again with the second movie in the series. Although I realize that there is a third movie that I have not seen yet, I will go under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only from the point of view of production value, screen writing and movie making, this movie fails on many levels, although it also manages on several. What can you expect from a low-budget film "B"? Not much and it works from the point of view of production. However, the writing is certainly disjunctive, with a small way to develop the characters ... exactly what I would expect when the program for the movie. I had no problem playing ... the cast is solid; However, the script in both films gives the actors little opportunity to really stretch. Because the film is "Christian", it is predictable, because it is not possible to very well portray the brutal chaos of "the end times", without violating some of the ethical principles that are usually associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake is to turn it into a G-rated movie, when the content, even in the most conservative interpretation of the Bible, will be evaluated in any way. So if the aim of the film is to scare people with Christian faith, then the film should be a bit scary, right? However, you can not comment on the adaptation of a movie from a book without commenting on a book, in this case a series of books. There is certainly a lot of Christian material that is worth sacrificing to the movies ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these movies eventually fail, because being bestsellers, there are badly written novels based on bad theology. <br /> <br /> As a Baptist minister from the south, I confess that books were a pleasure to me, although I have not yet completed the last two books in this series. I described them as a decent fiction, and if books had a point of view that this is one "opportunity" or an interpretation of the topic of biblical eschatology (the study of "the end times"), I could live with it. this series is divisible in Christian circles because it promotes a "literalist" interpretation of the entire Scripture above the more proper hermeneutics, which inevitably leads to a "pre-tribal, pre-military" dispensational view that limits all mighty God too far from the world of mankind. In other words, as I always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to do his final job, but because many people, especially uneducated Christians, can not think outside their own worldviews, we have a pro-conservative, fundamentalist attitude to the interpretation of the Bible and he tries to push her as the "only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> So books carry a program, not so much as to "lose" the understanding of their need for Christ, but the statement that the fundamentalist point of view is the only right way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly reading (a few years ago) in the second novel, a scene in which heroes refer to a person who was "left" from the point of his failure to observe this point of view; as if "true" Christians worth being "caught" could not stick to another eschatology. This is disturbing for several reasons, the smallest of which is that the Scriptures only mention briefly about "praise", and his connection to the true, prophecy about the time of the end is frail at best. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books is the way they share the Christian community and how they represent "true" Christian behavior. Ultimately, I think that they harden more people to the otherwise religious faith / religion, instead of winning people in its direction. It makes all Christians become caricatures, equally despised and ridiculed by the world, even though there is a theological space for a wide variety of beliefs in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, in total, we have done enough of this kind of damage to society over 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do not have to promote this film by thousands, maybe millions of others. br /> <br /> So "Left Behind" movies fail because "Left Behind" books do not deserve to be interpreted in movies.
