The Legend of Bloody Jack takes place in the Alaskan desert and begins as a relative of some murderous Lumberjack occultist reading incantations (The Evil Dead style (1982)) from an ancient book of spells in order to resurrect him, he manages and is not a great believer in the family Unity Lumberjack dude kills his relative. Two days later and Ray (Travis Quentin Young) with her sister Dawn (Eric Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends stop in front of a cozy log cabin (Evil Dead style ...) view of a relaxing weekend in the desert. Unfortunately, the Lumberjack death killer with his ax starts killing friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edited, written, produced and directed by Todd Portugal is a pretty rotten contemporary slasher movie that kills a horror genre for me, no I'm just a big fan of ultra-low-budget horror movies with the production values ​​of holiday video. The script is absolutely horrible in every respect for 80 minutes, has every bad slasher cliché, the character is awful, the dialogue is awful and it's hard to take care of anyone or anything in this pretty worthless excuse for a teen movie. Teens are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the scenario is more moronic, predictable and flawed than usual, and the deadly Lumberjack guy is simply bad. Then it's the last 10 minutes, and if you get it that far and believe it's hard, one of the worst returns ever made in the story of the movie is made, which, as far as I'm concerned, gives us pleasure to a paid audience who just I had to sit for ninety minutes of nonsense. I will spoil the ending now, so anyone who does not want to know stops reading. Basically, just before the end of the movie, he returns to Ray telling the story and turns out he was telling the story of what we just saw and Nick & Dawn, and everyone else is chasing him for telling such a bad story (I felt their pain), then go to the hole and laugh at him. From saying why they stood around and arguing, why did not they choose an ax and such things, I felt that it was fun for the audience, because these were the things I asked myself while watching this shit and let it thrust my throat and will make you understand that the creators knew that the script was nonsense and could see all the holes in it and went to the bend, which shamelessly rubs the previous 80 minutes (which we just had to sit by remembering) is just a small trellis. Then, to add insults to the injury, the woodcutter guy appears and kills everyone within two minutes, why did not he do it first? It would save a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The Portuguese director is turning into a real mess, it has the worst continuity between day and night in the movie I've ever seen. The whole movie is supposed to be set at night and I suspect that the creators tried to use the day process for the night, but it did not work and most of them look as if they were set up during the day. For example, look when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and leaves the window. Outside, when we look from the interior of the bathroom, tarry black is clearly visible, but when it falls to the ground and the films prune outside, there is a bright daylight. There is also the fact that Ranger Vince says that we can not organize the party until the "morning", which indicates that it was supposed to be a night and a few minutes later when it goes outside and it looks like it is in the middle of the day it is properly wearing a flashlight that is clearly visible and clearly points it in the direction in which it looks like the night. Every time a scene appears in the cabin, look at the windows, it's pitch-black outside, and when Ranger enters through the door, it's another clear example. The continuity of this movie is simply the worst I have ever seen. There are not many gore, there are several ax scenes in people, but nothing unforgettable. It is not terrifying, there is no tension or atmosphere, and the terrifying continuity of day and night is so distracting because it is so obvious. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the film is at the bottom, again the continuity between day and night must be seen to be believing how bad it is. The special effects are poor and they could not even afford to show the blasting car, although it is very important for the plot. It has an amateurish hour written from beginning to end. Acting is absolutely genius and everyone involved should get an Oscar, not just jokes, they were not really totally horrible at all, and even the girls who pulled out their breasts were not very good looking. <br /> <br /> The Legend of Bloody Jack is just a horrible young man, it looks like he was filmed on the camera without a tripod or steadycam, he has horrible effects, he is boring and he has a crazed end that is the most offensive in horror story or I have it completely wrong and it is the most clever. Not recommended, watch a decent 70s or 80s slasher to remind you how it should be done.
