I should say at once that I checked the spoilers' box just because I give this comment a quantity of thought proportional to what the mess in the film deserves, and I do not want to be held responsible for any accidental accident. <br /> <br /> This commentary will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I am still influenced by this movie, after seeing it and the unique effect that renders it unable to do the kind of predictive structure and paragraph required for consistent, legitimate criticism . This is not a compliment. This is not the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or provocative movie. The feelings that it evokes combine like an uncomfortable emotional Voltron, composed of a misleading mix of some form of rage, a vague desire to shower, rudderless, drowning the feeling of true betrayal that comes when they realize they've given 109 minutes of their life in their hands someone who will not only waste them, but will do it in such a pompous, flawless way. And probably I would not do anything super-productive with these 109 minutes! But even if I'd put it on something trivial, like blocking masturbation and online poker, I'd feel more fulfilled when everything was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie are innumerable and in better times I have articulated exactly what they were in half-adult fashion. But according to what this film deserves, I think that I will most likely stick to the sphere of masturbation jokes and cartoon references. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and final drawback is that while watching this movie you are very aware that the creators and participants believe that they are making a much smarter movie than they are. Demonstrating the depth of knowledge that can be gained in one semester review of Western art history in a social college or trade school, artistic jargon is imposed on thick and from all directions, many of which are delivered by a conversation between our hero, tortured Detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, to whom I will forgive this film because he is Willem Dafoe) and his accented antique pal, Blair (Peter Stormare, taking a break from playing sociopath, for whom murder is easy, playing the second role-playing device in the film on the sociopath, for which murder is easy). And talk. In fact, we are drawn into this story at the crime scene, which may indicate the re-emergence of Stan's serial killer who killed him many years earlier, so the whole story was partly fixed by obscure memories, but above all by residual conversation between Stan and his croupier or Stan and his colleague, the inexcusably annoying Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I distinguish the character of Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays it using brackets, I must admit that very early in the movie I despised this character so much that I really genuinely wished myself harm to the actor who plays it (Scott Speedman). Nothing special. Necessarily not death or paralysis. But maybe herpes? Or maybe the light of the stage can fall on him and crush his arm? It is a dangerous digression, but I do not edit it, because I want to leave anyone who reads, who thinks about paying, to see this wreck of a film train with a clear impression of the horrible wishes and feelings that arouse even the most peaceful man. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm missing a couple here ... as I wrote this sick feeling, the film brought up in me died down, my head cleared a little. Realizing now that I'm still investing time in something related to this piece of sh, is surprisingly similar to waking up after a night of suicidally heavy drinking next to the heavy form of a still sleeping 200-pound college girl. Your first desire is a desperate desire to escape. It's natural.
