Originally I gave this episode two scores - I'd like to think about it now. I would also like them to have negative evaluation options. <br /> <br /> Watching it, I was amazed at how weak the whole thing was from beginning to end. I love Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong? The last episode of the 13th season was withdrawn due to the way he dealt with the problem of abortion. I think that this season Carpenter managed to do something so gray that you can not immediately see whether he is for a choice or against abortion. Only after I sat down and thought about it, I realized that it is very anti-abortion - you get it most accurately when "Mother" shoots a child and kills it, to the horror of "Father" who goes away in grief, leaving the mother without unharmed. But you see it also in the way Ron's character is treated. "I do not think that if someone has proven in the past that he is dangerous enough to be banned from him, he will not call the police immediately. Instead, we have a guard with almost compassion towards him (only to pay for it). I do not mind anyone having a strong view of something, even if I disagree with it, but I think it's a bit bad not to stand by that view, instead of trying to look as if they were sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But, apart from political issues, this episode was out of poverty. The music was retro-70th and it just did not work. Acting (other than Ron P.) was weak. The effects were terrible - maybe it would be better - not to show the monster at all than to show a bad excuse for the monster they had. <br /> <br /> Saying that, I'm glad to have the Horror Masters - I do not mind staying in really bad episodes to find a good one. It's a bit like lending horror movies from a video store - you get good from time to time and it makes it worth it. I agree with the poster, which said that the name can change from the Masters - some of these people simply do not deserve the title. (Let me stress - although I hated this episode, John Carpenter TOTALLY deserves the title. He is the master through and through)
