I went to the video shop and looked around for horrors, after about 30 minutes I rushed and chose a few. I came across "Masters of Horror", which included "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They seemed OK, the same old trashy horror movie, but for some reason I was interested. He was talking about Pro-Life about being a classic, coming back to shape for John Carpenter (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought it would be good) and the like. So I decided that it would be something wonderful and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started with the ordinary, only the girl ran through the forest, she was afraid of something. The car stops and raises it (just like the people she had to see, amazing?) They take her back to some clinic and examine her, all at the same time, her father appears at the gates and do not let him in, it is not loud nearby. Most likely from something he would have done in the past, but at the moment you do not know about it. I really do not want his daughter to be in this place, the center of abortion. He is very opposed to such deeds, believing that it is disgusting, and not what "God" would like. He "supports" what I've heard is called "Pro-Life." Acting against abortions and striving for extremes to let born children, they are sick. They do not like Unborn Life, but they killed people in the past to allow Birth? Justice is just a figment of the mind. In any case, returning to the right track, after examining the girl, they find out that she is pregnant, but far ahead of her than she should. She's only a few weeks pregnant, but she's ahead of her for a few months. She tells them that they will not understand her that she wants abortion and everything, but she finally tells the truth that she was raped by a demon from hell and her father wants this baby (but he believes that "God" wants this child, no one really does). He gets his 3 Sons (arming with Pistols and Shotguns) and they start to drop in to the Clinic (shooting down anyone who will not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who had to have problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. He ends up killing one of the sons of fathers, but in the end he is shot a few times (in a bulletproof jacket). The father then does what he believes in women. He cuts out a hole where Vagina will be if she's a woman and puts in something sucking in and sucks all the blood. While all this is happening, the girl gives birth to some demonic child with many legs, and a Demon rises from under the Earth (not in the same room) and starts looking for her child. Father sees it later and starts to wonder why it happened, did what he was told, and does not understand why it is. The demon has killed both of his Sons before and now goes to the Father ... While the girl kills the child, and the Demon takes him (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, it probably sounds quite fun and thrilling horror, but it is not. Acting is terrible and lacks enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they choose bad characters and do not even build on them; just everything together, all small parts, do not even add up to something big, waste of time. I would not classify it as Horror, although it has elements of Horror, ultimately it fails to succeed. I felt more like "Beginners" Short-Movie than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> I apologize for the lack of information and a detailed review, I just did not have time to write something exciting. I also apologize if my spelling and details are incorrect, I could not really care about the research.
