I could not wait to see the episode of John Carpenter in season 2, because his first, Cigarette Burns, was by far the best in season 1 (and I liked other episodes from this season). Oh, how disappointed. <br /> <br /> In fairness to Carpenter I think that the main problem of this episode was absolutely horrible writing. The characters, outside the subject, seemed to behave and speak as if they were written on the Walker, Texas Ranger episode. Acting was bad and I really like Ron Perlman, but I can only blame them because writing was so awful. I will not try to guess what the writers tried to do because it would be useless, but it seemed that they were trying to combine the horror (of course) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, which is not surprising, it seemed like a chance to hit some diversity or religious nuts, as well as fanatical anti-abortionists. I am in favor of both goals, but it was done so terribly that I was ashamed to observe how characters play and speak with such a stupid incoherence. It was not possible to fully present any valuable opinion on the topics, and the element of horror failed along with such inept writing. <br /> <br /> Although I do not think Carpenter could be blamed for most of the evil, I will say he decided to run a teleplay and that's why he must be responsible for it. There are a few small pieces that I liked, hence the two stars I gave. <br /> <br /> The real effects of the gore and the monster were good, but the top CGI (two separate shots in the head) were apparently inferior quality CGI should never be OK. Overall, I am very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem with it. I have a problem with its implementation. The technology, although in some ways amazing, is not good enough to match the "real" effects, regardless of whether they are miniatures or gore, especially when it has to match something organic and / or alive, and should therefore not be used, until. CGI can be successfully used in small amounts or, of course, if the entire movie is animated. <br /> <br /> I also use the opportunity to notice that the title of the exhibition, Masters of Horror, is a bad title. There are simply not many real "masters of horror". Maybe two or three. If the show was called "Tale of Horror" or something like that, it would be good. But according to the criteria for directing one of these episodes, and therefore criticized for not being "the master of horror," they have at least one horror in their career. And it did not even have to be good.
