London Underground has something terrifying in its nature, with long, winding tunnels, stairs leading deeper and deeper underground, and of course rats wandering the tracks. It was used in the horror film Deathline aka Raw Meat from the seventies, in which lived a cannibalistic tribe living in an unused tunnel and the famous sequence of pursuit at American Werewolf in London. So I was happy to see that someone else tried to use the atmosphere of the tube at night with the latest British production Creep. <br /> <br /> I thought that the movie started well, with a very effective credit sequence it was really annoying, followed by a scene in the canals, which assumes that something bad is lurking under the streets of London. However, Creep rolled down, and I wanted to turn off the movie with a positive impression of the movie after turning it off. All characters become unpleasant and unlikely, even Potente herself, and the director felt the need to hit us with a social commentary on homelessness. he also made a mistake by showing the "monster" in full light, where it ceases to be astounding and reveals that it is called Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns into something like X Files and resembles one of the episodes of the Tombs. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to come in and order it for me. <br /> <br /> When it comes to infamous sexual violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. It seems that it is there only to shock the audience, and not any intrinsic value of the plot. The trouble is, it's so exaggerated and frightening that it's really anesthetizing you to the rest of the horror movie, which is a mistake, because it's only halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> So you're going. The only redemptive movie for me was the rare performance of Ken Campbell, one of my favorite actors. You do not see it very often, but when it's on the screen, it works in a different angle. Throwing him on the sewage inspector was a brilliant blow, unfortunately the only one visible in the film.
