For some reason, at the turn of the '70s and' 80s, the local affiliate station with CBS in New York played for a few years in this night's slot on Friday or Saturday nights, usually at two o'clock or at such a time. This is the right movie for this time period, because it's really hard to track and it's quite strange (see other reviews for specific history information). Anyway, after I caught it many times in those days right in front of cable TV (and even after it hit, but before they offered a lot of programming all night), I still caught that little singularity. Not seeing him for many years, I decided to check if I could find it on DVD. Well, it's only available (from every search I've done anyway) in a fairly poor print on the budget label "Brentwood Video" as part of a 4-pack movie (4 films on 2 double-sided discs) called "Alien Worlds, if anyone is interested. It is usually available for around $ 10, but much less if you buy. The other three videos on this set are easily available in many other collections of videos belonging to the public domain, so there is no need to comment on them here. But I did not see "Eyes" available anywhere else. Although this is by no means a "restored" version, this printout lasts exactly 92 minutes, so for the first time given by IMDb, the time of 90 minutes is not correct. Even with a 92-minute working time, it's not uncommon that a film dubbed into English from another language also has a slightly shortened working time. It seems that the common budget-conscientious practice is sometimes to save money without bothering to dub some scenes if they are not considered important for the story. Would the longer version be less misleading? Who really knows - unless you've seen it in your native language ... By the way, my attempts to watch it during the day are not working and I just end it with shutting down. There is something about watching this in the middle of the night that suits this movie ... or maybe only from my previous experience, who knows?
