I like movies about UFOs, that's why recently I decided to watch EYES FOR STARS after seeing it when I was a kid in the late 70's. And now I am forced to write a review on this subject, because I'm afraid that I will quickly forget about it. You see, even if EBTS is not bad, it's VERY boring and indefinite. The story is quite interesting, but flat. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and a bit confusing. FX is terribly amateur, but I can overlook something like that if the film is fascinating, which unfortunately is not. <br /> <br /> Besides, there is very little violence and no nudity, which causes this Italian 70s sci-fi is a real quirk, because if there is one thing that distinguishes Italian genre films from the '70s. from genre films of other countries from the same decade, it is in them an amazing amount of violence and sex. Oddly enough, due to the almost total lack of consumables, EBTS stands out from the rest of the pact. I do not know if it can be considered a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS NEEDED more violence and sex here and there to spice it up, because it's so deadly boring and dry. And special effects are not that special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. This is a combination of THE X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP: the photographer accidentally grabs strangers on a film during a photo shoot in the country. The aliens know that they have been captured on a film and kidnap a photographer and model, and then destroy all evidence of their presence on earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the apartment of a recently abducted photographer (this is done just before she is abducted herself). The man takes part of the negatives and leaves, and the strangers do not know the missing negatives. The whole story is about the man who wants to learn more about the aliens and the secret group of spies who want to get the negatives. Most of the film focuses on boring political intrigues, in spying and spying diversity. The UFO element in this story is almost irrelevant and could be easily replaced by any cold McGuffin war. But as boring as EYES BEHING THE STARS is very similar to X-FILES! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. In any case, the best thing about EBTS are POV shots that are scary and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgotten, including silly looking aliens. <br /> <br /> Although I was mostly negative about this movie, I still value it. I still remember an effective advertising campaign that frightened me when I saw her as a child. And I'm the owner of the movie. The film could be much more if it was made correctly. Well...
