Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an intensely disliked bourgeois bitch who somehow sleeps through the noise of the last meter and wakes up to be in the metro station. After some meeting with a work colleague and a would-be rapist on a mysterious train that runs after the line is closed, everything goes wrong, and she is behind what is lurking beneath the streets of the city. Its history is related to the story of George (Blackwood), a former commissioner working in the sewage system; they meet in the last third of the movie, combined by attempts to escape from the monster that is chasing them. <br /> <br /> The pair goes through a set of increasingly less likely places; from the metro station they get to the sewage treatment plant before they somehow find themselves in some abandoned underground surgery. Most metro stations do not have toilets, so if someone has an operation, he is outside of me. Of course, the film takes care of the explanation that the operation has no running water. But does he have electricity? Only one of the many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday credibility that the movie tries to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is no full justification for his actions, he simply kills people for no apparent reason. And then, of course, some of them keep alive for no real reason, perhaps only to finally escape and give the film an additional 15 minutes or less of time. I understand that the natural evil is to be frightening, but then the film tries to be explained by a photo of a doctor and son and a few pictures of jars containing children, and yes, it is just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. Nor does it explain how the creature was underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only in the cries of predators, but not long enough for her shorts to decay. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This doctoral business leads to a scene that is a desperate attempt to instill in your memory, and although watching is unclear and uncomfortable, it simply is not enough. The last third of the movie is based on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters disintegrate and recover for little or no obvious reason. George breaks down, unable to cope with anything, even though he says he wants to run away to see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally difficult after parting with someone who snatched her out. Yes. <br /> <br /> After the film "this can happen to everyone", it quickly falls apart because it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. The total lack of emotional interest in the heroes and the lack of tension make us avoid it.
