Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed story about a loner Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes the young". Unable to socialize with girls, he falls into a tramp who teaches him special Vietnamese singing. This "singing" is about whistling "London Bridge is Falling Down" while jumping around like an epileptic morris dancer. Nevertheless, Ugly Joe is trying this and hey presto! He is a girl now. In an ideal situation, he must be a young guy to attract girls. But let's not talk about the ideals - this film was made in 1983. And it appeared in 1993, in a perfect world in which it should NEVER have been released. <br /> <br /> The movie prisoner called this horror hokum "paralyzing the mind, telling the story of the ham". It's worse than that. The probe nostrils really takes the cake, in fact the whole damn jar of cookies. A horribly written dialogue delivered by the actors of the dead, a funny plot and a predictable turn of events. When things can not be more absurd, the story goes senseless. Joe, for example, decides to kill the girls, changing into himself. But I thought she wanted to approach them? Joe dissatisfied with being a murderer turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims, which were only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of this horrible movie is that Joe collects a whore (Steven Andrews) and then takes her back to his apartment. What happens next, contradicts the faith ... Joe returns to the man, but discovers that the prostitute is a man. How does he react? Well, in fashion, Benny Hill chases her around the apartment with a handful of nasty dildos to stumble over a doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge think about. At least this scene paved the way for another priceless moment. It was connected with the fact that the whore reported the incident to a curly policeman in a "cop's" uniform with a 2-bit joke. Fun acting is a must see. Especially the inability of a prostitute to say "dildo" and his need for "satisfaction". <br /> <br /> In addition to the incident, this monotonous crack was a complete boredom. You know that the movie is bad when the DVD trailers are more exciting. I usually jump to good pieces, only that they are not here. The main sequences of the action included Joe simply stabbing his victims repeatedly. Forget about quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one on the stage scene) to limit any form of tension that may already exist. The lack of reaction of one girl to cutting her fingers is ridiculous. Normally I would relish the words "uncut", but in this case they were far from blessing. Simply more tiring cinematic torture. The whole movie seemed like an unedited episode of murderous summer murders, just less entertaining. I would not like to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the nostril selector is the most non-binding thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O 'Clock Show. Deadly performances have deteriorated with a terribly metallic soundtrack and bad dubbing. Do not be fooled by the box label, it is NOT an iconic classic, unless it qualifies for let-use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee cults. I think so. Unless re-edited up to 30 minutes away from this coma causing a mess.
