Sometimes a movie appears that is unique. The nostril sampler is one of those movies. The nostril sampler is like no other movie I've ever seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker and for me it is unique for different reasons than the original ones intended. Read on and hopefully it will become clear ... The nostrils sampler, as is well known, although it was probably filmed under the title The Changer, starts with a few very boring photos of the American city, such as streets and factory, how to play starting credits. When The Nostril Picker begins, the viewer who is is presented to the real loser Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), who is 40 years old, lives alone in a shitty little apartment, where he watches television, eats spiced dog food and listens to old vinyl records when she dances with a rubber-studded, sexy doll. Joe likes teenage girls, he has various porn magazines, but he enjoys even more. However, being a nasty ghost Joe can not tempt any young women to go out with him, nor do they do anything else with him. One fatal day, an old homeless vet from Vietnam (Horace Grimm) sees agony and pain that Joe has to go through (he actually sees the policemen talking to Joe about tormenting a teenager) and decides to help him. He tells Joe about the spell he has learned from the "gooks" in Vietnam that will change Joe's appearance into what he likes. The process that he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time warns Joe that he "gets crazy if you do it too much." That night Joe for some reason decides to try, in a public place on the podium. Joe speaks a few words, makes an extremely stupid dance and begins to yod. Joe finishes, whistling London Bridge falls, listen, I do not think about it either. Initially Joe is clearly disappointed when nothing happens. To cheer himself, Joe tries to buy a porn magazine, but he is shocked when an official (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell the girl to an underage girl. Joe, the bright spark he is, realizes what has happened and talks about it, claiming that his father sent him / her to buy. Joe, who now calls his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), senses the possibilities and goes straight to the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro), while under his disguise, oh and Joe manages to be simply asking the sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first Joe seems quite harmless, he just likes to spend time in girls' toilets and the like. But things change quickly when Joe brutally kills Brenda. Jennifer's dad, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner), is a detective, so along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencerem (Bruce Alden), the pathologist is determined to catch the siblings responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will they succeed? earlier Joe is striking again? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker is wrong, I watched it only a few hours ago and clearly states that it is directed by Marek Nowicki, who was also a co-producer and was definitely not Patrick J. Matthews, who was considered a co-producer and cinematographer not that it makes a big difference and I would have to bear in mind, however, that Nowicki would be more than happy if Matthews took "credit" for making this song. No one who participates in the creation of the nostril selector should ever get anywhere near the camera. The nostrils sampler is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It is absolutely terrible in every way possible. Steven Hodge's script is horrible, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development and things that happen, they are so repulsive that it's stupid, it's not true. Feature devices and the event chain in the nostrils collector are completely incomprehensible. The scene where Joe finds out that he hired a prostitute (Steven Andrews) is actually a man and Joe starts chasing him around his apartment with two spurting dildos that are just jawbone. Another scene in which a transvestite reports a police incident is fun to write and makes me laugh mentally from this dialogue. I also hated the ending, not only was it predictable, but it leaves the door open to the sequel, I shudder at the thought! On the technical level, the Nostrils Picker is terrible, spot photography and hope, bland and inappropriate songs, terrible places, poorly edited (Brenda dies in the kitchen, but her blood stains on the TV screen are clearly visible in the opposite room), some of the worst acting through which I was sitting, and very impressive special effects, which consist of a few cut off rubber fingers, a split throat and a fast scene in which Joe eats some body. No wonder that the cast and the team that worked on the nostril probe have practically no IMDb credits for anything before or after. Even in 76 odd minutes, getting to your nostrils is long and really boring. I could go on and all day about how bad The Nostril Picker is, I really could. One thing that I can not quite work out was that the creators of the film intentionally did it? The nostrils sampler is really a unique film, unique in its horrors and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope that it will also remain unique, saying that it is still not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's definitely close. Definitely should be avoided.
