Tarzan's character has been subjected to so many stereotypes and many bad interpretations that those who hope for a different kind of version (people like me, I mean, who liked Tarzan's books as a child and always wanted a movie version that followed the books only a little ) should know how the latest editions arise. Some IMDb reviews refer to this point, but here's my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I realize only two - counts - Tarzan's cinematic performances, namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and animated Disney version, which tries to describe enough an interesting figure of Edgar Rice Burrough (son of a lonely English noble couple, taken after their death by a tribe of monkeys who bring him up as one of them and who becomes a "master of the jungle" because of his higher human intellect before returning to England and demanding one's other identity) than an ordinary Hollywood jungle-a man whose origin remains unclear and whose hallmarks are his famous screams, his mysterious inability to speak proper English despite long contact with people who know the language, his habit of swinging on vines, his strength, heroism, etc. The only thing that connects these two characters, t about the name of Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane. The television version of Ron Ely is a kind of compromise: like Burroughs, he speaks English well and is fluent and polite in both cultures in a manner reminiscent of JamesBondish, but he is not Lord Greystoke and there is no Jane. <br /> <br /> Well, this movie is in the third category of Tarzan's films and I hope that it will remain a category of one because it is terrible. This category uses the character as a vehicle for everything, soft porn. Jane, played by the legendary actress Bo Derek, is in Africa in search of her dad, a weathered professor who combs the jungle, looking for something that has never been determined. Although her father was to disappear for a long time, he finds it easily. Richard Harris as dad is the best thing here; he sees that the movie is stupid, so he plays and brakes in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's stupid performance at What's New Pussycat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ("some spirit or spirit," he says - either theft or an inartistic attempt to pay tribute to King Kong) to his daughter, who at this point is unaware of the monkey man. Soon afterwards we hear the infamous cliché of Tarzan shouting. Daddy dies, which does not seem to bother his devoted daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but he does not say anything. Indeed, he does not say anything during the whole movie. He and Jane fall in love and bounce around, wearing almost nothing when he recites dog poetry on the screen. End. This is the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not really; there is also a scene in which Tarzan fights unrealistically with a boa constrictor - the most unusual boa, because it is the only poison in history. Jane treats a chimp with a chimpanzee who helps, twisting the clothes she's tearing away to tie the wound (I do not think of it!), And this is just one of many excuses for her to take off her clothes. <br /> <br /> I always like to end the review by saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. Let's see ... well, it's unfair to criticize this film for showing an orangutan, although we all know that orangutans do not live in Africa; in the end, Tarzan's classic films were used by Indian elephants, right? In addition, you must admit that Bo Derek is pretty in the face and form. (But then why the hell did not she make her career as an art model? What does she say about the film when looking at a pretty woman gets boring? I did not actually decide whether it's positive or negative that they never showed their crotch.) But now I realize: try as I can, I can not finish with a positive note. <br /> <br /> See this movie if you're a bad movie fan. I'm here.
