Because Derek could have a career if she did not let her deceased husband, John, take over the role of its director. It's really a shame, no, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Because it was fine. She would not win any prizes, even at its best, but she is no worse than the many actresses that have made her great in the last 15 years, based on the very glances. But that's the problem, John was determined to ride the wave that Bo created with her appearance in 10, that Bo is the "perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America", "the sex symbol of the 80s." The problem is that in John's hands this wave crashed with a loud bang in just a few years. Maybe he knew her limitations as an actress, maybe that's why he made films for her that focused on her body, not her acting skills. But it quickly became old. It did not help that the films of John and Bo Derek are (let's be honest) really, really bad. And their literary icon Edgar Rice Burrough, Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of the Apes is mischievous. <br /> <br /> You know what is the worst? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, I'm not bored. Even the stunning look and figure of Bo will not arouse any interest, and this is of course the movie. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were earlier in Orca btw) tugs him and makes his scenes are at least a bit interesting, and Miles O'Keefe does the physically impressive Tarzan. Perhaps he got the last laughter after he was hit by a lot of venom from the critics of the movie, Miles went on to a solid career as an icon of film B, in movies that were not great art, but a million times more fun than this. But besides, it's Bo's body and you can only see it so many times before you want something else. Tarzan the Ape Man has nothing else. John Derek was a really dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his strength. This movie is developing at a depressingly slow pace and nothing really happens in action scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was full of emotions and wishes (who would not want to be as agile, strong and handsome as Lord Greystoke?) And funny! You do not have it here. Watch out and you will waste 107 minutes of your life. Secondly, you can go away with a valuable lesson, how not to deal with a movie career. <br /> <br /> Because Derek is fine in my book. She stood next to John until his death, has a real love for animals and nature, and even looks with a chuckle in his time in the spotlight. She also proved she is not a stupid blonde, whom many want her to find. If she could survive Tarzan and Bolero, she can survive everything. So come back, Bo, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And by the way, does Steve Strong play the same evil Steve Strong, who is a short career?
