This is a re-image of Tarzan in the Soloflex and Apocalypse Now era. There is nothing wrong with using movies, easing moral limitations, to reveal the erotic side of Tarzan's legend. There is nothing wrong with the assumption that Tarzan does not speak. The suggestion that a woman who can get to the African jungle in 1910 is wrong, can be so insultingly stupid and plastic. Because it has as few lines as possible when the bodies are explored because this movie is only a video center, as neutral as possible, so that you can present yourself and your lusty fantasies in the project. If it works anywhere, it implies that National Geographic influenced the way Tarzan's paintings can be constructed. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to say that movies should not use sex as ONE of many tools to draw in viewers. Some really great movie moments include this. But this movement is at the opposite end of the spectrum - irritation is the only thing that happens here; at the time of its release and now. You're sitting in terrible, stupid scenes that are not interested in you, and miles of bad recordings to drool over looking at one of the two bodies. Yeah ... Because Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations on a working libido), but if it's your excuse to give this shit a good rating, you really should visit the porn shop and stock up on it. The difference between the two formats is only wide, and (I'm guessing here) the horny browser would probably like the other one. The question is whether the mainstream of the film is the best place on the market for viewers who are looking for products that will satisfy their desire. <br /> <br /> As a showman, John Derek successfully used sexual mysticism developed over his wife Bo in the film "10"; and created a media event from a shallow project whose only advantage was a two-lead fever. The film itself was irrelevant. He was about 20 years earlier than he thought the audience would applaud him for a bland, shallow movie that only concerned showing the exterior. <br /> <br /> John Derek, as a director, seems to require only that Mrs. Derek looks nice, empty and efficient in every scene. It's a terrible shot. Placing the camera is annoying. In terms of editing, the entire "wipe" catalog is exhausted. The credit sequence is flashy. And this is the tossing, who commits a worse offense on the screen; Because Derek, who is so bimbo that he can not even come up with a bimbo, or Richard Harris, who screams in every line (as he likes) until you want to shoot him. At least for 'Cause you can imagine that he blames some horny writer for her change.
