It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But this should not blind anybody to the fact that in 1981, a rather ugly patch appears on the CV of both men. No doubt John Derek invented this movie for his wife, which "Some Like it Hot" and "One Million Years BC" did for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh respectively, creating a cult sex symbol for the new decade. Running to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in Bo 10's reputation, star casting and filming in Sri Lanka meant nothing could go wrong. Unfortunately, as they say, mortal plan and God laughs. It is said that when this movie premiered in 1981, the estate of Edgar Rice Burrows tried to take legal action against him. Because Derek plays Jane Parker, who sets off to Africa at the turn of the century to reconnect with his cheerful, offensive dad Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is the discoverer who set off in search of "The Great Inland Sea," a local legend whose existence was overcome by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth a look at the wonderfully hammy, tank-up performance that includes singing an Irish ditty on an Indian elephant who somehow found himself in Africa (did he arrive at the same time as Orang-Utan from Sumatra ???) Also, although Jane she confesses that she despises Parker, the relationship between Bo and Rich is frighteningly incestuous, perhaps a testimony to the effects of tropical heat. Soon, however, local legends begin to circulate around the "Great White Monkey", and Jane hears the famous fir. This is a clue to Miles O'Keefe, the future B-Movie star who makes a rather strange debut in the role of Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin English or Ron Ely, who speaks fluent language, O'Keefe Tarzan is silent. However, given some of Bo and Richie's dialogues, it's probably not bad. Harris and his caravan finally reach the Great Inland Sea, situated on the top of a gigantic plateau that seems to run in mid Africa .... hold on, are the seas, lakes and other watery places usually not in low-lying areas? Never mind, this is just one of many anomalies in the universe of John Derek. The crew struggles to climb the cliffs and when the ropes break, Harris roars an echo of abuse against the unfortunate people who have fallen to death. On another occasion Jane decides to take a naked bath in the Inland Sea, giving her another opportunity to see some free nudity. There is no single lion anywhere. Now lions usually travel in pride and never approach the beaches, but later Tarzan will struggle with the (poisonous) boa constrictor. Zoology does not seem to be one of the strengths of John Derek ..... It's Tarzan's film, Jane is charmed by the Jungle Lord and decides to take her virginity. But seeing his closeness to some of these chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... And for that matter, it was not just the property of Edgar Rice Burroughs that he could sue. It is highly probable that some primates talked over the phone with lawyers: chimpanzees make you mis miss Cheeta. Especially when they do funny things like riding on the backs of elephants and clapping their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally do it! The culmination of this film is the capture of Bo and Harris by some rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice her / food / execution. Suffice it to say that the Great Wooden Monkey gets his girlfriend and * SPOILER * Harris gets into the huge elephant tusk! This does not stop dying Parker from providing Jane with a monotonous monologue. As far as I know, the lawsuit of the Rice Burrows estate never materialized, but "Tarzan the Ape Man" was crucified at the box office (no kidding?) It's a pity. John Derek was able to direct "Tarzan the Ape Man 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living at home and Dudley Moore as "Boy."
