I saw this movie today on History Channel (in 2006). First of all, I realize that this is not a document - it's a drama. But you can hope that at least the critical "facts" that history involves, can be based on actual events. Reagan was shot and the other characters are real people. The movie was right. From then on, relying on facts quickly disappears. I've never heard about this movie before. Being a TV reporter during these events, I was surprised that I had never heard anything about Richard Dreyfuss's bizarre behavior of secretary Haig. The whole nation heard "I'm in control ..." etc., but Haig Dreufussa harasses the locked cupboard and is completely out of control in person. After watching the movie, I started to research the topic on the Internet and quickly found the actual audio cassettes and transcripts of most conversations in the Situation Room, which this movie manages to reproduce. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film that were supposed to show the White House, secret services, etc. In total chaos - and the leadership of the nation has been irrationally preserved and led the world to the edge of nuclear war - are evidently wrong. They did not happen! There is, of course, an internal conflict. Haig makes mistakes, his performances in the press are historically deplorable, and he is "difficult". But nothing is approaching the scenes shown in the film. There are too many serious errors to calculate, but any fair comparison of the recorded and written recording with the fantasy of the movie asks you what the producers really tried to achieve. Enlighten? Inform? Entertain? I believe that they have failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to assign motives to others, but you have to seriously consider what was behind such an shameless invention. And when it comes to the documentary "Reel to Real" of my beloved History Channel, there was hardly any mention of the issues that were the main theme of the movie - namely, the events in administration on the day of the pictures. So the viewer was examined without assistance - if at all - from the network.
