This 1970s television production, starring Susannah York and George C. Scott, is another proof of how difficult it is to "Jane Eyre" adapt to the screen and how much it can go wrong. It is true that the movie suffered during DVD transfer - some scenes that were complete in the original were shortened and so badly edited that there are striking gaps in continuity and that even one decisive scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence! But even if the editing would be better, the movie would not be. The script is bad, the portrait of the characters is not true to the novel, and almost all actors are wrong. Consequently, you do not have the impression that you are watching the adaptation of the novel Charlotte Brontë. The problem is not only that many scenes are shortened or omitted - this is the case with all short adaptations - but that the other scenes do not reflect the sound, spirit, atmosphere and concept of the novel. <br /> <br /> This Jane Eyre, for example, completely bypasses Gateshead and begins with Jane's arrival in Lowood. Although this is perfectly fine, because some scenes must necessarily be omitted, it is not understandable that instead of using the time obtained (so to speak) and the full representation of Jane's friendship with Helen, Helen's influence on Jane's development, a lecture in Christian stoicism, which she teaches, the film almost exclusively focuses on the physical abuse of Helena, which leads to absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward who consciously wants to bring Helena to an untimely death. And that's all that's happening at Lowood. If you compare it with the deep influence of the years spent at Lowood on Jane in the novel, you can regretfully say that the film does not even touch the surface of this particular episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem of all this adaptation: it rushes from stage to stage, very often without a transition, and nowhere is even near the essence of the novel. Dialogues are a strange combination of imaginary lines and lines from the novel, very clumsily stuck together, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are shortened so that they both share only 5 minutes together on the screen before they fall in love, and the little conversation they have does not contain nothing of the glamor, intensity, and humor of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the writer not only linguistic injustice Brontë, but in addition managed to ruin her moral setting with only one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see their wife Rochester after a marriage, Rochester says, "And yet I loved her (his wife) the way I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral plan and was imprisoned in a marriage with a crazy woman whom he never loved, and his effort to seek a real life partner is, if not sanctified according to the law of God and man, yet understandable and forgivable! But this one sentence completely undermines Brontego's entire carefully constructed moral concept and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old man is no longer needed. <br /> <br /> From the errors in the scenario to errors in the casting: Now I am not one of those who insist on the physical resemblance between the actor and the literary character he portrays, but without stretching the imagination you can imagine a beautiful, blonde, blue - full of life Susannah York as an ordinary heroine of the novel. In addition, Mrs. York was thirty years old when the movie was filmed and looks. The timid, restrained and inexperienced novel of young Jane, played by her, becomes a perfectly composed, grateful and mature woman, completely self-confident and her deserts. I'm not saying that Susannah York does not play well and convincingly, but the woman she portrays is not Jane Eyre Brontë. George C. Scott's throwing at Rochester had to be motivated by the desire to have a Rochester that looked older enough to make the 18-year age difference between Jane and Rochester credible. Scott looks like he was about 50 years old, but he plays in different scenes as if he was 70 years old. <br /> <br /> Supplementing the "maturity" of the leading actors seems to be deliberately deleted from the passion of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, has become a calm, rational conversation between two middle-aged people at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane comes back to him in the last scene, she is as mildly pleased as her grandfather, who has just visited his older home by his favorite granddaughter. The only figure that shows the right amount of emotions is St. Jan of all people. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately, and his zealous request for Jane's love is so touching that it seems that Bannen modeled his Saint. John in Rochester novels. But good, though Bannen is, his Saint Jan is just as distant from a novel as Rochester Jane and Scott from York. The only advantages of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are locations and score, and I recommend this production only to those who want to watch and compare every adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
