I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (Jan '06), and then followed the discussion between the director and the audience. Many people have reacted to shocked and protesters. He will receive many negative critics. But: the world is so cruel and not funny. People do not like it. That alone does not mean that the movie is bad. I can see the difference. Do not shoot the messenger who shows us the world beyond our "hubble"! Nevertheless, I think it's a bad movie. The film is technically good. Nice shots and scenario, the most beautiful music, great actors. The director pretends to make a psychological film, but psychology is of poor quality. Simply describing such a powerful violence is not art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind this violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it, but he is not good at it. <br /> <br /> The director used the word "egoism" several times, mentioning a teacher for example. Only: this teacher was not selfish - just someone in several roles, taking care of his students and worried about his script. I think it is a simplification to call him selfish. The atmosphere in the village is terrifying, and my mother made horrible mistakes ("you've let me down really bad"), but it does not seem credible to me that it caused much pain, that the most terrible boy to such horrible things. In reality, the reality is much more complex than the way it describes it? and it needs a lot of better descriptions. It would be interesting: how does it work? Please describe this process for me to understand. <br /> <br /> With a written phrase at the end, the director said to indicate an alternative way of life. It was the other extreme and I confirmed for me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists, promoting black and white thinking. The relationship between violence in films and society has been proven. Use such violence that imposes responsibility on its proper use. There are enough black and white thinkers in the world, causing many wars and calamities. I hope this movie will not work.
