Violence, real or not, affects. In this film, violence is so cruel as to ask for it. In Wielka Ekstazja, the director successfully demonstrated to what extremes of violence people are capable. But what was it? Violence looks like a mixture of Noë's "Irreversible" and Kubrick's "Mechanical Orange" ... both are extraordinary films. Do not get me wrong, I'm not against violence on screen and I've seen some horrible things in my movie years, but this movie as a whole is completely underage. History is never developed enough to offer any reason of extreme violence, and rizla's paper, which is caused by Robert's death, is an introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays a character who is partly responsible for the fall of Robert's drugs, but is on the screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville can not handle mommy Robert, I'm not sure what one of those actors in the movie about this low caliber is doing. Acting is wooden, for example a scene in the kitchen with a television cook and his wife is so painful, if not more than a shocking finale - who wrote those dialogues ?! Some of the comments the boys make ... "it looks like they like it" are so banal that they are tempting to laugh if it was not for Clay's ardent desire to bombard us with the shocking images of female genitalia mutilated. Why do we have to be shown in so much detail, probably due to the teenager's obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... one can only wonder about the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The "political significance" of the film has been repeatedly attracted to us due to the number of scenes; in the bar, outside the home of the television cook, the war in reports in Iraq was probably too obvious. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all inclined to terrifying acts of violence, whether in politics or on the street. this is the meaning of violence in a human being. We have not yet understood this problem and certainly not in this film. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derivative, badly made and pointless.
