I always think not to like the movie very much. Look at it a month later and you can see it differently or after 50 years on another continent, and some worshipers will find something unusual stylistically, which initially went unnoticed. After sitting in The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael at his premiere in Great Britain, I was not surprised that the question and answer session later became more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the International Film Festival in Edinburgh), assisted by the director and producer of the film, gave a thrilling defense of the film than received the general negative reaction of the audience. The audience of the Edinburgh festival is not easily shocked. Only one person came in disgust. The critics of the film contained very expressive and constructive statements by the lay public, as well as an actor and a woman who teaches film directors. It was not a "shocking" movie. There was a certain degree of uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than many movies (most of the real contacts with the weapon were obscured, as were genitals). The audience did not like it because they sat for two hours, which were quite boring, where the standards of the game were not high, where the plot was weak, predictable and stretched, and where they were subjected to clumsy and pretentious film production to the promise of a controversial movie. The metaphors of war in Iraq are invented, overly emphasized and sloppy (apart from the general allusion to violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the reference to the fig leaf Marquis de Sade, as one of the audience members puts it, seems to be only a symbolic pretext for the lack of development of the plot towards the finale. <br /> <br /> We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount for him (he stands out because of his music skills), but takes drugs and meets young people who have little or nothing going for them and whose criminal activity includes rape and violence. After pushing Robert seems to have a lot of violence. <br /> <br /> The movie is not completely worthless. The audience has to decide how Robert acted: was it the influence of his peers? Why did all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers fail to involve him in a better approach to life? Filmmaking is a carefully assembled scene in which he moves away (is it too much drugs, shyness, hidden sense of morality, or just waiting for his turn?). A few of his friends rape a woman in the back, partially seen and framed in the middle of the screen. In the foreground the naked bones DJ is more concerned that the screams of the girl interrupt his happy home music than any thought of a woman. In the end, he is a bit irritated if their actions attract the attention of the police. A crude juxtaposition of serious headphones with his music, even when he knows that rape is taking place, raises his contempt in a deeply disturbing way. Robert pulls his back from us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the movie, including its allegedly controversial climax including significant (if not overly realistic) sexual violence, does not meet this standard. Some people have had a strong reaction to this (they stated the intentions of the creators: "If they vomit, we managed to trigger a reaction"), but above all - if I can say that Edinburgh's reaction seems to reflect the reports from Cannes - they feel, "Why did the programmers surrender us such a worse filming? "Director Clay Hugh can talk, but he did not develop an artistic vision. His answers about maintaining a mirror in life to tell the truth about things that are swept under the carpet, or even his defense, that there is no story development, because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood movie - all are a good response to criticism, but unfortunately not they refer to his film, just like holding a mirror, while someone is not working, or wasting a movie, playing clumsily with symbols. Wanting to try to give him the benefit of any chronic doubt, I talked to him for a few minutes after the screening, but I found him as distasteful as his film and soon moved to the bar to wash my lips with something more significant. There are many truths. One of the aspects of art is education, other entertainment, and other inspiration. I asked him if he had any social or political program, and mentioned Kenie Loachu (one of the many big names he takes in vain), not even going through any program. Then he falls down on his mantra, saying that his job is to tell the truth. It left me feeling that it was an ambitious project for a new director, or an insincere attempt to get on the map by soliciting a second job. <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could paint a can of soup and it was art. Clay Hugh would like to imitate great directors who have created controversial cinema and crossed the borders. Unfortunately, his skills at the moment only include fancy excuses for an advertising movie.
