I'm not sure what pulled me into the cinema to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it began, I wanted to leave the theater. For a moment I hoped that at least this story would surprise me, but then I realized that it was a waste of time, nothing was there. I was left only because I had another concert after him. <br /> <br /> Design: some of the designs were quite beautiful, mainly environmental, but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design. They still look great - on posters and screen shots, but not when they have to revive! It just did not work, mainly because of the same mistake that most 3D companies make: it is technically very difficult to create really natural materials in 3D that will make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (and therefore money) to create something that really looks like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the film were made of "material", and it just did not work! So they had an ugly, cold feeling of computer artificiality, where the fabric stretched or squeezed like a piece of plastic. He just did not have the sense of the material the dolls were made of (these were the characters that were supposed to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the character. It just had the impression of a 3D shoot'n'run computer game. I do not want to go to the movies to have a computer game on screen, I do not know about you ... <br /> <br /> Animation was also a disgrace. I am a professional animator and I was terribly disappointed with the low level of animation in "9". He was stiff, boring, almost devoid of imagination and mood. It was a bit above most of the average 3D animations I've seen, and it does not add anything good to it ... <br /> <br /> And all this - a bad character design and bad animation can be solved with a good story, right ?! It was not like this here. Actually, history was the worst thing in this movie. It was below any level. It starts right away, goes straight and ends the same way. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogue, and even no development. We've heard and seen stories of machines overtaking humanity thousands of times, and "9" is just one of them and we know how it ends in the first minute of this movie. Heroes do not even have time to get into history - they're just there, showing up almost immediately, and immediately some of them take action without even knowing what's going on. It just does not work. There are also many repetitive sequences of actions that looked as if they were created to fill time for a lack of history ... Acting, sound and script - oh my God, what can I say, it was pathetic. The bad story has a bad script and, besides dialog boxes like "No, do not do it!" "I will do it!" "But ... you can not do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" Etc etc and so on, and repeating all the time, so apart from these terribly pathetic dialogues, there were non-stop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and " Oooh ", and" Whatchout "and" Run! And "OhOhh!" Which followed almost every jump, run or fall of the character, and even sounded as if they were synchronized or even unexplained. <br /> <br /> Proposal : bad behavior, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twists, nothing. Only some good projects are not worth the time.
