I really can not believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people, I LOVE, have signed a contract to produce this nonsense. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest, I have been losing interest in him for some time because his latest films have been adaptations or adaptations. He produced a brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I have watched many times, and directed films such as "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which are amazing films. Bekmambetov directed 3 films that I LOVE: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I saw only three of them, but they prove that he is an amazing director. <br /> <br /> Those two people who did one of the many reasons why I was excited to see 9. So today I went to see it at the Theater. I was so excited that I finally saw it. I waited 7 months for the appearance of the film. <br /> <br /> This movie for the first time came out of a movie related to Tim Burton and said: "I liked it almost NO". I felt a broken heart to even feel that way. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the head of production you would expect that this movie will be a good watch. At the moment I still can not resist how much I was through this movie. I did not even see the original short movie before watching it, but now I can say that this movie should remain a short movie. Hell, Neil Blomkamp did a terrifying full remake of Alive in Joburg, entitled District 9, which was so difficult to get around 9 ??? I really wanted to think that this movie was amazing. I really did it. But no, it failed on many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was very confusing and chaotic. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what was going on. Basically it's about a group of robots from a rag doll trying to save the earth. Well, that's what I have it for. But the letter here is very weak. The whole movie bounces like a 6-year-old from A.D.D. tell stories. There is such a huge, gigantic, monstrous robot-monster that wakes up, causing damage and other things. It's the main villain. However, what is wrong with this movie is the fact that EVERYTHING IS NEVER. There were too many monster robots, most of which have no logical explanation. In general they have 0 development. I mean, a flying pterodactyl like a monster is out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from, and Acker expects us to know what it is. Even more delayed was this snake-like creature with mesmerizing eyes. I dare to give this description to someone else aloud and expect that they will not laugh. All three people I talked about laughed. Oh, he wraps the victims and sews them inside. I'm NO. CHILDREN. <br /> <br /> The return in act III is the most delayed aspect of the whole film. So basically 9 goes back to the room he woke up in, he finds this box with a hologram from a scientist in 9 and tells him that a great scary machine robot was designed to bring the robot life down, but then bad people use it for war, and this was to help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life 9 so that it could help protect the world. AND HE EXCLUDES THEIR LIFE ONLY. 9. But what about other robots? WHO DOES THEIR LIVES ???????? This is a perfect example of poor, hasty writing. There is only one of the things that take life, so how did the other 8 get their life from them ??????? Characters are also not nice. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 I was irritated by his "BACK TO SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an overwhelming idiot, 2 we do not know about anything, 5 constantly annoyed me with his "Are you sure ..." or "Is can I stay here ...? "questions. And this ending? UGH. I am glad that I am not the only person who thinks the ending was a great moment for WTF. <br /> <br /> There is nothing redeeming on this turn, except for beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the gloomy and depressing look of everything. However, beauty can not save a good movie. <br /> <br /> Although it is true that this movie is very nice, cute is equally nice, and 9 does squat. I am sure that Burton fans will visit the theater in large numbers to see this film without a doubt, in fact with his and Bekmambetov's names thrown around promos, people will visit the theater to see the movie. I know I'm doing something big out of nothing, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with unprecedented characters, non-existent storylines and pure style over content. And this movie is one of those movies.
