First of all, this movie is not a complete catastrophe. If you've never heard of Gram Parsons' true story, it may seem like a fairly entertaining pastime. Johnny Knoxville can not be criticized for his performances as Phil Kaufman - he's pretty cool in a relaxed way and down to earth, and you can in a sense take root in your eternal Everyman. Michael Shannon deserves recognition for the same reasons, except that he is a hippie stonerem. There are several good individual comedy scenes - there is a hippie caravan that strikes the door of the airport hanger. But good things stop there and we start to see the aspects that make this movie really disappointing. The figure of Robert Forster as the real father of Gram is an invention so shameful that it throws contamination on the whole film. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that can certainly be compared to Gram's life on the edge thanks to a better filmmaker. Possessing Forster as his alleged real father, not his stepfather, would be bad enough, if not for the well-known difficulties that Gram had with a man who actually flew to take away the body. It is suggested that his father-father pleaded guilty to providing Gram to his mother when she lay dying, and that it enraged Gram when he later found out. Also the controversy about Gram's burial place would certainly be a reason not to invent a good-natured, imaginary father who really catches up with the duo and their caravans, but then lets them go ahead with burning. Regardless of the truth about the man from whom Gram was named Parsons, he certainly did not have any similarity to Forster's character and it is difficult to understand why this role was written. Then, Christina Applegate is added as a greedy chick (but of course very pretty), who wants to regain Gram's body so she can start earning money on her estate. Her character and her acting do not exist and one wonders why the director did not go all the way and made a lesbo scene between her and the girl who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (this would not lower the tone much more). When you think about ingredients that could be used in a good Parsons movie, the disadvantages of this movie are easily visible. Country music is changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also a long-haired, loving drug, popular among ladies and ultimately self-destructive. Real events such as breaking the hanger door and painted caravan and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we have to concentrate entirely on Kaufman's contribution to Gram's life. Kaufman apparently still grabs the iconic status he has received for what he did (certainly a bit of a cult). From interviews, you can see that he is delighted with the attention. Remember, this is the man who spoke about the genitalia of Gram Parsons' naked corpse as he prepared for the inflammation. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but an admixture of alcoholic escapades. Looking at Knoxville and the director in interviews, a few things become clear. It's obvious that they do not have a real idea about Gram's life or do not want to. They want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. It was an amazing life with a strange end. That the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how the limited grammar of Parsons had creators.
