If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie will definitely divide you! Part of the comedy, part of the road movie, but most of all the bad story of one of the strangest stories of rock. <br /> <br /> SPOILERY-- <br /> <br /> Essentially, the story concerns a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "allegedly" made a pact with the cult hero of rock music / country / folk Gram Parsons, who stated that one of them died first (it did not matter what it was) that the other living was to take the deceased into the desert, Joshua Tree National Park, California, to be exact, and set fire to the body ... to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! Sure he will keep his word, barely sober Kaufman, with the help of a monster who hates himself, fights the body of the late Parsons, who has drugged the drug and drank it the day before the airport. Shortly after this, a combination of values ​​and fictions occurs, in which the late girl Parsons, Kaufman's girlfriend, father Parsons with a stony face and a group of police officers and other senseless idiotic characters try to defeat the clock (so talk) trying to catch Kaufman and his buddy before they have a chance set fire to Parsons's body! <br /> <br /> Incompetent direction of the film, bad acting and a bad, unconventional tone generally sink the movie faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the huge fact that this film is not even half-told the truth about the actual events that took place. Accuracy, which should replace inaccuracies, as far as I heard, include: number 1, Parsons was married at the time of death, and even had a child, so what the hell was with the girl and race and what's up there, number 2., buddy with Kaufman's drug was a known willing participant (in contrast to what the film tries to portray) in getting rid of Parson's body, and finally number 3, Parsons' father in real life died when he was just a boy, and so Parson's stepfather (who could honestly care less Gram Parsons, while he was still alive) in real life, who cared for the body after it was set on fire! In general, what disturbs me the most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was on the set to help with the facts. And yet the movie has become so untrue and so bad that it really stuns my mind, honestly! <br /> <br /> Also in view of the fact that the film mentioned the average mentioned acting, its main character, played by the highly-acclaimed Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), is not only a bad actor, but in it actually seems like he's been sleeping for most of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast is mostly hysterical, dead to the brain, or seems totally unaware of what they're really doing first! In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville and or really kick such bad-not-even-buddy buddies, I suppose you can just jump out of this movie! But if you're like me and you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they rely on real life stories, or just like good movies, be road or fiction movies materials from everyday life, you will really hate this movie and advise others to do the same. Apparently, I hated this movie and I regretted that it never was made, but because it was created, I would prefer it to be different than unfortunately, unfortunately! Perhaps one day the true facts of this story will pass and become a truly great biographical film about the whole life of Gram Parsons ... not just what happened to his body after the ghost left him. But by then, everyone, as the audience, and fans of the late performer, are the sad waste of the film and the ubiquitous terrible monument (of sorts) of musical legacy that Gram Parsons left behind. It should also be noted that they actually used Parsons music and some others in this movie, but it's no wonder you'll never hear her enough to really enjoy her in the slightest. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
