With questions and answers before and after this I can find out: some Irishman wants to make a movie. Nothing special, just every movie. So, one evening at the party, he hears that some ex-roadie told him a classic piece of rock n 'roll; the one about how Gram Parsons's corpse was stolen from LAX by his loyal roadie so that he could honor Parsons's wishes to be cremated at JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (no, country), plunder, escape, friendship, 70's! I think we could get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass" because it's a joke, right, and Knoxville wants to make a "movie" too. Why did he have to think he had the next Snatch in his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story is not so exciting ... we need something that Knoxville will struggle with. Like a psychotic girl after his money! But Parsons was then married. It's O.K., nobody knows. Besides, we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the audience does not like theft of corpses. Okay, let's make his father join the pursuit, but he'll finally give permission. But Parsons 'father killed himself when he was 10 years old, in fact his orphan status and tragic childhood are key elements of Parsons' mythology. Mythology? We create "A Movie!" It's creative problem solving. <br /> <br /> This is an unpleasant experience for anyone who has any knowledge about or is interested in the topic. The presence of Applegate doubles. First, her imaginary character was a Beverly Hills bitch ahead of time - she could walk around the phone in the palm of your hand, and secondly, what kind of man Parsons would be if he ever associated himself with such a harpy? The facts are not only distorted or omitted, but REVISED. They could easily find the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPFather, who tried to bring the body back to his native state, where the law would favor him in the division of a significant heritage. <br /> <br /> And music, oh, music that I love. The music is hacked (bridge here, chorus), forced to the background, and finally cruelly covered with the most fashionable new band indie, Starsailor. My girlfriend asked an unnecessary, but irresistible question after the film - was there anyone there, a writer, producers, director, or rather a Gram Parson fan? So no. He never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah blah, I've learned to love him, and here are a few facts that I've read in bio online. Another guy vouched for Parsons' coolness, saying that he and Keith Richards had stumbled over each other on acid and together they wrote "Wild Horses," a mixed up set of facts as a film. Another person asked if it was morally doubtful to rewrite the story when most people would know about it only from this movie? He had a real roadie license (he was even set up), and Parsons's estate gave permission, and all the other people who got the payoff said it was great. <br /> <br /> But I really thought about it and asked the embarrassing voice of the true passionate maniac Parsons, if the film was so cheap (million), did not they consider him an original group of Parsons fans as an audience? The director and screenwriter seemed to think that he was not a character without a fanbase, although I doubt that any magazine Mojo would read, a 70's country-rock music fan would agree. But a group of Britons guessed, and they just did not care about Cosmic American Music, and they even knew it existed. This is not just a real Parsons, it is not even in the right spirit - it does not even fit the legend. He should at least have the sentimentalism of one of his songs. And many people would like me to be told. <br /> <br /> I should mention that the film was well received by a group of stoned college kids, right on the slopes and at Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan, ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
