"Raw Force" is like the ultra-dingy and perverse version of Love Boat, with additional Kung Fu fights, insane cannibalistic monks, white slave trade, vigorous zombies and lots of bad performances. No wonder this film was in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience 20 box-set". Has everything that fanatics are looking for, blend in a completely inconsistent and seemingly improvised script! Production values ​​are very weak and technical aspects are pathetic, but the amount of unjustified violence and sex is difficult to describe. The film opens in a tropical sunny spot known as Warriors Island, where a branch of derisive monks raises the dead for no apparent reason, other than turning them into Kung Fu warriors. Monks also buy sexy slaves from a poor, businessman-like Hitler, apparently because the woman's body provides them with the required powers to increase their army of zombies. Tourists on a passing cruise ship, among them three martial arts fighters, a policewoman from Los Angeles and a whole bunch of thrilling but depressed ladies, are attacked by Hitler's thugs, because they planned a trip to the Isle of Warriors. Their rescue boat is on the island anyway, and the monks are throwing the survivors to fight the zombies. Ok, how does this sound for a crazy snowman from midnight horror? This is not the end, because "Raw Force" also has piranhas, wild boat orgies, Cameron Mitchell in another embarrassing main role and 70-year-old princess Camille Keaton ("I spit on your Grave") in a completely unimportant appearance of the episode. There are a lot of badly realized gore, including ax and ax massacres, hammy jokes and romance with bad taste. The value of the basket of this movie will literally allow you to be speechless. The background of evil monks remains, naturally, unexplained and they are not even punished for their dubious hobby. Maybe that's why the movie stops with "To Be Continued" instead of "The End." The continuation never came, unless it is so little known that IMDb does not even mention it.
