Scarecrow takes place in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered a local maniac by teachers and colleagues. The poor child suffers from everyday humiliation, intimidation, bullying and general respect, destroying abuse from the hands of his peers. Unfortunately, he does not find much support at home, because his mother is a whore and after Lester annoys one of her boys, he chases him in the cornfield and suffocates the poor kid. Although something magical happens (no, the film does not suddenly become good), Lester's spirit moves on scarecrows in cornfields, which he then uses as a body to take revenge on those who have tormented him and made his life piekłem ... br /> <br /> Co-screenwriter, co-producer and director Emmanuel Itier, who according to the IMDb credit list also plays a role in the film, as someone called Mr. Duforq, although I do not remember any form of the name, I suppose that everyone, Whoever ends up browsing the Scarecrow IMDb site is probably aware of his terrible reputation and I must say that he is well deserved because he is terrible. The screenplay by Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White often uses the story of one of the lost lives, which is beaten and tormented for no reason, revenge by supernatural means in the relatively simple movement of teenagers. We've seen it before, we've seen deadly scarecrows, we've seen adolescents killed one by one, we've seen one of the losing lives get revenge before, we've seen the wise crackle of villains who joke when they kill before and see incompetent sheriffs in a small town , which further aggravated the situation. The only real question that can be answered about the Scarecrow theme is: Is there any fun to watch on a stupid teenager? The answer is no, to be honest. The film has a horrible character, horrible dialogue, inconsistent and predictable history, it has some bad, one-shell, like when a scarecrow kills someone with a shovel he asks - can you dig it? and the so-called twist ending, which aims to leave things open to the sequel, is simply bad. The film moves at a reasonable pace, but it is not exciting and the killings are forgotten. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone can be stabbed and killed with a corn stick ... <br /> <br /> Itier's director does not do particularly good work here, the killing scenes are poorly handled without any complications, which means that there is never tension, because within two seconds of entering characters they are killed. I'm also not happy with a deadly guy with a scarecrow who performs all the back-flips and somersaults in the air in scenes that belong to The Matrix (1999) or the Japanese kung fu! To admit it, the real scarecrow mask looks really good and looks pretty good, but it has little to do, except pouring out bad liners and spinning a bit. Do not you think that attachment to a wooden stake in the middle of corn made all day would be boring? I know he is a deadly scarecrow, but I still say he would be bored just a whole day wandering around a wooden stick! There is no nakedness, and blood is not something to write about, there is decapitation, someone's face is burned, someone is killed with a corn stick, someone puts a shovel in the throat, some sickles are in human heads, somebody has a ripped heart and someone has a metal object in the back of the head that comes out of their mouths. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of about $ 250,000, it was apparently shot in 8 days, well, at least they did not waste time on irrelevant things like story and character development. Technically it's a point, shooting and hope for the best things. If you look at the guy on the floor who has just snatched his heart, you can clearly see that he's still breathing ... The actor sucks, the guy who played Lester's mother, wearing the most stupid wig and false mustache because he played two roles in film and creators had to hide it, but it ended up making him look funny and do not start with his accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has some fun moments and the scarecrow is pretty a work with good special makeup effects, but as a whole the film is poorly made, badly preserved, stupid, too predictable and very tacky. If you want to see a great murderous scarecrow, take a look at Scarecrow (1988). It should not be confused with the movie Gene Hackman and Al Pacino Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror film, which is currently in production by Scarecrow (2008). Scarecrow was so popular in home video recordings that there were two more video sequences: Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
