Let's be honest, right? Al Gore has NO care for the environment than most people care about contact with foot fungus. It's a hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a POLITICIAN! Three years ago, he was arrested / feted in his home country, doing 70 miles per hour in the 55-mile zone, NOT driving a hybrid, Yugo, and even GM Metro, but LINCOLN (go google if you want)! Or perhaps the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood colleagues still use private jetliners to take part in the premieres of "An Inconvenient Truth." So much for protection, Al? Anyway, a subjective look at the "uncomfortable truth" and the discovery of the main basic defect takes only a minute. While the film parades with many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience THE EFFECTS of alleged "global warming", there is not one scientist who would tell us what the cause is. For example: I can take a hundred people to the parking lot and can point out a car that does not go right. BUT if they can tell you with any degree of certainty WHY? Generally, no! The second drawback is how accurate were the weather instruments from 100 years ago (the toilet has not been invented yet)? What did they have, a June bug in a box with matches? Hell, 50-60 years ago? How do we know with any certainty that the planet is "getting warmer" when the records from the past are doubtful at best? Is this man the only reason for this? The answer is no, and science is NEVER compatible. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine made the cover of "New Ice Age". The truth is that every science teacher from the 6th grade well-versed in Earth sciences will say that volcanic eruptions, solar activity and El Ninos have more to do with the elimination of changes in climatic conditions than the alleged "global warming". Finally, what Al Gore can not deal with properly is; even if America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al and implement everything that it commands, how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow in its footsteps when we can not even get them to agree something as obvious as terrorism? Answer: It's wishful thinking, Mr. Gore and you, who was the vice president of the USA, know it! If the people who produced "An Inconvenient Truth" were really honest, they would call their movie "Al Gore Wants Attention". But I really want someone to ask the former vice-president for this; why the two largest polluters in the world (AKA China & India) DO NOT REQUIRE compliance with the Kyoto agreements? In any case, I hear that A.I.T producers are working on their next film entitled "Gnomes, Fairies & Elves: Our Endangered Friends".
