The inconvenient truth is just as simplistic and demagogic as a turbulent stain created by angry and idiotic Republicans, meandering along non-material lines, trying to throw something into your face, namely, that we will all die in a few hundred years, which is undisputed, but who care, people are selfish, destructive creatures, to be honest, I'm not wasting time on caring for human extinction. I call it simply "natural progress". Let the apocalypse begin, but meanwhile we must listen to the same cheeky, oblique politicians who propose another "new society", well, do not be deceived, we will all be controlled by the rich, those in power and those idiots who created disaster in the first place. Nothing will ever change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite visible in the film, because it is run in a self-igniting car using a consumer computer, lives on huge acres of land in a rather large estate, the land itself was used for destructive erosion purposes, including cattle, tobacco, swine farming (which takes into account traces of methane gas) and who knows what else, his property is based on exploitation, greed, and his investments include numerous large companies in the world with contentious records. I do not think that this man would be able to lecture less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another absurd political party, that is, meanwhile he emits the same rancid qualities that make politicians and politicians so frightening. It happens to be a comfortable life, but it does teach poor people in Africa about crops and techniques of cutting and smoking? He travels all over the world in first-class seats in jets, uses products placed in documents, and yet he thinks that everything is a "moral problem". He is completely absorbed in his own illusory nightmares, he says he came to these conclusions because of the death of his sister (from cancer caused by tobacco and the death of his son by the car of all things). Did he fight with tobacco companies or propose to ban cars because they are dangerous mass machines? NO. Everything must serve the "economy", so why is it different, the answer is: it is not. <br /> <br /> His abandoned and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are catastrophic, and all this when filmed in the forest or along a small river, avoiding the stale life, confirming the quotes. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like ordinary people? He is a politician, simple and simple, has a career invested in the structure of power. My question is why is it not focused on the powerful industrial industries that are guilty of most complications? He does not do this because it would be unreasonable for "investments, stocks and corporations." <br /> <br /> Al Gore gives monotonous lectures on the subject in a documentary, namely for rich white people in the audience who clap to the rhythm, showing them graphs, numbers and percentages, and in a grim tone, no one without Harvard education (whose elite control) can not make sense, but tells us that everything goes to hell. I am not joking, but I think that it does not explain this problem precisely in the approach of capitalism to the planet, namely that it is unnecessary and a landfill site. He never mentions how industrialization has created these problems, he just wants to put a soft bandage on them, but he will not eliminate the whole onerous system. It is obvious that he has been spoiled, sent to schools for the elite and has the same basic temperament for politics as any other stinging, incoherent duller in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda because it does not differ in any way from what Republicans have imagined had only the goals that led the capitalist impulse. This means that someone will benefit and it seems that "new green" politicians who support venture capital companies that buy hordes of land, trying to develop a "new utopian future" with "new technologies". It's the same old story, Al Gore believes in an elitist structure, he believes that there is a "democracy" in the United States, which I consider very naive. If we do not pay wages to oil companies, we will pay them to companies in the wind and solar industry. <br /> <br /> I think the speech at the end is quite rancid, just as something GW Bush would be filled with stupid masses, Gore talks about "people uniting to defeat communism" in the 90s, which was connected with global warming, absolutely nothing, but trying to get the basic emotions in people. Having said that, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the USSR were only a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less dissimilar to what controls US interests. There is no mention even of social ecology, which is really a parody. If you want to change the world, you must get rid of outdated systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
