Well, maybe the PC version of this game was impressive. Maybe. I just finished playing the PS2 and it's a complete mess. <br /> <br /> There are several elements that are fine or promising. I will mention it first, because it will end soon. First of all, the idea of ​​a historical game similar to GTA is great. The Gun game was a historical game similar to the GTA and, unlike the mafia, Gun was excellent. I would like to see the game taking place in the mafia era. Then the plot is well written. History makes sense, has dramatic arcs, uses an unusual device (most of the game is history) and is interesting. Finally, some graphics - especially those used during movie cutscenes - are impressive. Mafia designers seemed to focus on obtaining graphics in places where GTA traced this effort, especially the character. Unfortunately, graphics are a bit stink in many other areas, and I'd rather have a great gameplay than impressive characters. <br /> <br /> The game is what reduces this title. First of all, the controls and the camera are good for nothing. This must be the first goal of every game creator. You can not release a game in which the controls and / or the camera suck. First of all, there is no reason why the character of the player, Tom, could not control the full range of movement using the left analog stick. If this is not absolutely necessary, and almost never is, I hate settings in which the left stick moves the character in a "shooting" way, and the character can only rotate with the right analog stick. Here it is not only unnecessary, but it makes the most simple actions a challenge. Tom, for example, must climb several missions. But the game is so poorly designed that you have to be frustratingly manipulating both the right analog stick and the camera, then press L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom will go down instead. <br /> <br /> Then, I've never seen a worse fighting system. The first problem is that you can not aim or block any goals. At some point the game seems to say that you can use L2 or R2 to block targets, but it never worked. To focus on any enemy, you have to deal with the stupid right analog stick and try to adjust both the orientation of the character and the camera, which tends to drift at the wrong angle or makes Tom disappear all the time. During this time, you probably get bombed or shot. <br /> <br /> Then, if you touch or almost touch the enemy - and it certainly will be in the case of melee or when using a melee weapon, the combat system - which mainly involves tapping or holding R1, is completely useless. Enemies can hit you almost in a bear's grip, but you just can not move unless you retreat. So close combat consists of pulling the left analog stick, yelling at the character to move away, which will not take 50% of the time, then tapping R1 for as long as possible before the enemy gets closer and makes R1 useless . And if in the meantime the opponent changes his angle towards you, you also struggle with the appropriate analog stick, so that your character is oriented in the right way and to set the camera in position so that you can see everything. During this time, you will probably be hit or shot again, and the only option is to try to move the character again. My fights often consisted in the fact that Tom was wandering around like a comedy movie, hoping to get enough time to wrestle with the analog stick and take some pictures before I would be at the grace of AI again. That's it when it comes to realistic fight. <br /> <br /> And the same problems and more exist when we try to fight the weapon. If you touch someone, the controller just does not let you fire the shot, but it can still unravel you. In addition, there is no automatic aiming, and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive even when the sensitivity is set to zero in Options. Shootings consist of hopeless attempts to aim or leave, while the enemy shoots after hitting you. Fortunately, injuries are recorded almost randomly. It can take anywhere from one to ten shots or more to overpower each character, and there is no rhyme or reason. You can put five shots within enemy's range and near point, and they will still fire and hurt you. However, the game designers seemed to care about realism enough to build a recoil in your targeting system, so after the shots with enough strong guns, your target will go away from the target and you will have to fight it again. > <br /> When it comes to famous graphics, with the exception of characters and textures that are close, they are really disappointing. The distance always seems to be mostly empty, and flat colors and textures appear frequently when driving. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Cars seem slow and difficult to control. Everyone drives the same. Some mentioned music, but it was also not very detailed. For this purpose, much better work could be done. In addition, as many have mentioned, the charging times are ridiculous and constant. They have more than a minute and are among everything and even everything - even races. <br /> <br /> In general, the Mafia port on PS2 at least seems to be very fast. The game seems to be an incomplete hacker job.
