Acting in this movie stinks. The plot has very little sense, but from what I've collected, it should be about this scientist who develops the ability to turn personal objects of people into small steel balls that then fall into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow heads up, either ). And the effects are also bad. Most of the film consists of bad music, and the actors dance as badly as bad music, interspersed with many boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever to happen, but on the one hand. One element of shear sheer that makes Nightmare Weekend above all others. And this special feature is George's presence. <br /> <br /> George is a nice interface between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and the home security system. With green hair and nose, balding head skin and heart-shaped lips, George is the guardian angel / confidant of Jessica, who asks him for advice on how to meet the boys in one of the most dramatic parts of the dialogue caught on celluloid. With monotonous synthesized voice, says Jessica, what percentage of men prefers women in white costumes, and also that hitchhiking is the third best way to meet guys after disco and bar. Of course, little Jessica just does not seem to be out of trouble, which causes George to execute "Emergency Program Code: Jessica's Protection," which causes Jessica's would-be assailant to die violently through one of the steel balls mentioned above. br /> <br /> Kubrick was a complete fool, thinking that he could give a computer-like personality a close-up of red light. HAL should be represented by our friend George, to better translate compassion for his possible death. Light and sound show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better would this movie be if George the Hand Puppet was the first means of communication with aliens. Bishop, Date, R2? kitchen appliances next to Almighty George! It can be in the movie for only 8 minutes out of 90, but do not be fooled. This program applies to George. Even with such limited time, George joins a series of great movie characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as an icon of American cinema. "George to Apache"? You are my hero.
