I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I watched the zillions of movies and I can clearly say what an intellectual film should look like with a message that irritates the mind. Definitely The Broken is not one of those movies. I must admit that the film forced me to think about what the whole thing had led to, and despite the explanations I read in previous comments, they seemed just an exaggeration to have one person in the intellectual league of people. the photo on the cover clearly shows that Broken is the broken upper part of the face that normally contains the brain. This is a clear message that when this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and deprived of life. So you start to wait for the heroes of the film to show their damaged sides, which is not obvious in any of the scenes, because the film starts right away, without any introduction to the characters and their lives. Although we see a father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him, as if he knew he had enemies, but still it is not a very strong tip. If the clues were planted in a movie, one could say that it is indeed a masterpiece. But although the film was so slow, it was so empty, it did not have any metaphorical scenes. And the reunion of the evil father and evil Gena at the end is a strong proof of the rejection of existential messages that some people have mentioned in other comments. What's more, if Gena really lives in the apartment, as her brother says at the end, why is she a bad spirit? I bet I can oppose any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this movie is pretentious and a waste of time. Of course, this shows someone who is trying to get out of a senseless secret something that has no value. I am a big fan of horror films and especially scant videos that some call popcorn movies. Horror movies are not meant to convey deep messages! They are to discover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side that is the truest. Horrors should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. Because it is a real horror and it is never far from reality. I've seen almost all the horrors and I can prove that each of them can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unrealistic until the mind was thinking. For example, the horror "Train" with all its cut and intensity and similarity in almost everything with the "Hostel", speaks of a very real thing that illegally sells organs of the body, kidnapping people in foreign places, where nobody asked or looked for them. <br /> <br /> And even if we found a Broken movie that has an existential message, it is still very poorly depicted and the least terrifying. I prefer the message of addiction presented in Requiem for a Dream, which goes beyond drug addiction, to emphasize the fact that any type of addiction, whether it is sex, television, security / spoiling, etc. ... can be so destructive and scare me. And those who always criticize horrors for being meaningless and very commercial, are usually a group of people who are easily afraid and just do not like this genre, but that does not mean that they are fans of such films and that they have a lot to do to offer viewers adrenalin swirls, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment to the most important interview face to face with the essence of life, as ugly and frightening as it might seem, Death!
