If the myth of broken mirrors were accurate, everyone involved in this production would now have about 170 years of bad luck, because there are many mirrors falling into small pieces. If only the script was as shocking as glass, then "The Broken" would be a brilliant movie. Now, unfortunately, this is only a long, despicable and boring movie with just a handful of unusual ideas and unforgettable sequences. Sean Ellis has made a very stylish and elegantly photographed movie, but the story is weak, and the total lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I spoke with a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the film. He thinks Ellis has found inspiration in the old legend, claiming that seeing his double is a harbinger of how you die. Interesting theory, but I do not know this legend and I could not find anything on the Internet on this topic. Personally, I think that "The Broken" is another next variation on the subject of "Invasion of the body's hijackers", but without foreign interference. "The Broken" focuses on the American family McVey living in London, especially on Gina. When the mirror spontaneously breaks during birthday celebrations, it evokes a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina notices that she is driving a car and follows a mirror image of a residential building. When driving home in a state of mental turmoil causes a terrible car accident and goes to the hospital. After being released, Gina feels her whole surroundings are changing. He does not recognize his boyfriend anymore, and amazing fragments of the accident flash in front of her eyes. Does he suffer from psychological injuries caused by the accident or is there really a supernatural plot over it? Screenwriter / director Sean Ellis definitely evokes feelings of curiosity and tension in his script, but unfortunately he can not develop them properly. "The Broken" is a really atmospheric and stylish effort, but it's only after half an hour of the film that you come to the painful conclusion that it will remain a beautiful but empty package. In this film there is a frustratingly high level of "false" tension. It means building tension, through ominous music and amazing angels from cameras, when nothing has happened so far. Before the secret mystery begins, these tricks no longer have a terrifying effect on you. Some of my fellow reviewers here compare the movie, especially the style of Sean Ellis, with the repertoire of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick, and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's the way, the way? WAY TOO MUCH SOUL. PS: what's going on in this alternative spelling; the one with the Scandinavian "ø"
