This film is pure, distilled, unpolluted boredom. I did not know anything about it before I entered the dark room, I sat down. I was seduced by the "mysterious and tense" conversation on the poster. In addition, Lena Headey is nice and unconventional sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always reliable, so the cast seemed reasonable. It could have been his name over the title that convinced me to do it, not what happened next. I should have seen Valkyrie for the second time. <br /> <br /> A thin plot revolves around Gina McVey from Headley, her boyfriend, father, sister and sister's husband who, for some reason, are persecuted, in a very loose and unenthusiastic way, by their evil look-alikes who emerge from mirrors that mysteriously shatter. Behind this idea can be a great movie (not entirely original idea, but still ...) and indeed, if the filmmakers would remove the entire cast and just stick to the story of the heroine Headey, The Broken could have made a reasonable 20-minute abbreviation. As it is, it is desperately unmotivated and boring, and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in one scene the mirror breaks itself in the room where all the main characters are; they look surprised, but they quickly forget about it. In another scene, the mirror breaks into an empty room, and the double is visible when it "comes out" of the debris left on the wall. So why was the first mirror flare, if it was not crawling, crawling? Only for the thrill? There are too many character scenes in poorly lit London flats, looking around the corners, because they thought they heard something but could not see or move on. We are beginning to wonder why this ominous double does not want to scare them? Scare the characters and you have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, will have to threaten each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have some emotions during The Broken. Incidentally, when we've spent time with these evil doublets, we are completely stunned why someone should be afraid of them - they just stand, empty eyes on their faces, maybe completely harmless after killing others. <br /> <br /> There are a few nice moods and accents, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could create a truly stylish and full of tension mysterious movie, if he next hired a creative screenwriter.
