A few days after writing about how trash, such as MAD COWS and THAT FILTHY EARTH, receive money, while Ange, Duncan and Theo are completely ignored, I had to sit in another British movie *, which made me scratch the head, why he received a single penny. Some people may argue that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly acclaimed novel, it has a built-in market, but both THAT FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS have also been adapted from the novel and they have also been a difficult attempt to go through <br /> <br /> I have read a summary of the plot in which a group of high-class wasters goes to a distant mansion, where they are persecuted by an online cult, but honestly, it's not like the story is getting divorced and everyone is expecting Friday 13. meets SHING SHING is bitter disappointed because 90-95% of running time was taken by the mentioned drug users and discussing about sex. And what are the hateful characters. None of them is sympathetic in any way, and within a few minutes you will be nostalgic with Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot, hoping that the next time someone goes to communist democracy, they will be able to create an egalitarian utopia. Everything that will signal the end of such a decadent bourgeoisie without meaning that the hateful characters in this film come onto the stage, can be welcomed <br /> <br /> Not content with giving us a movie in which the plot revolves around and where the public does not manage to connect with the characters that the director still spoils, doing everything intelligently and artistically. There is no doubt that it will impress us, so we will fall on our knees and we will cry: "Oh my God, what a great director, how he cheats us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless plebium will not be able to appreciate what God has he gave talent to a man. " I'm sure the vast majority of people were shouting "How did it happen that my projects were rejected when it did not happen?" Or "WTF is the last half hour of this piece?" You can defend the movie by saying that the original source novel was impossible to implementation, and this makes the film impossible to watch. I agree that this movie is not for viewing <br /> <br /> * I know the IMDb class as an American movie, but the style and mistakes in DEAD BABIES are unique in the UK. Americans may think they have something difficult with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH. No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
