This film can be used during film classes in the course "How not to write a script for film B". In film B there are inherent limitations: budgets are strained, time is precious (Scarecrow was probably shot in 8 days), and actors are often greedy and inexperienced. The only aspect on which you have full control is to write the best script that you can do within the limits set earlier. The Scarecrow scenario seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could go about fifteen examples of nonsense scripts of this movie, but I will mention only one: The Gravedigger. The gravedigger's character is introduced about an hour into the movie. It seems that it has no connection with any other characters in the film. It is shown to a daughter who also has no contact with anyone else in the film. The gravedigger receives a few scenes in which he behaves surly, and then dies to count the number of bodies. Why give Grabber a daughter? Why give your daughter a boyfriend? Why present them so late in the film? Why not try to make them part of a continuous story? Scarecrow does not seem to bother. <br /> <br /> "History" Scarecrow looks something like this: Lester is a high school student (played by an actor who would like to be at his early stage 30) who is chosen by other children. He is an artist who draws birds and falls in love with a classmate, Judy. His mother is a lush and urban whore. One of her condemning boys pokes fun at his drawings (calling him "a fag" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school cowboy, I think it is more likely to be gay than a high school student who draws ravens) and later he kills Lester in the cornfield under the titular scarecrow. Magically, Lester's soul falls into a scarecrow. In some way, this transfer changes Lester's soul from the artist's soul into a gymnastics master. climax of the film). The scarecrow later kills those who have tormented him, those who smoke a jug in the cornfield, those who dig graves, boys gravediggers, almost anyone who appeared on the set. <br /> <br /> Please mention the bonus feature on DVD. The director (Frenchman) performs an improvised version of rap music, he admits that he does not like directors on the set, so he can screw his wife in work and give a quote to life (and I am paraphrased): "Life ez a bitch, but et has a great ass" <br /> <br /> The number of beers I drank while watching this movie: 5 Has it helped: There is no number of beers needed to watch this movie: Whatever you need to get drunk in a drunken level.
