In the last 20 years, most British films tell how Britain is terribly affected and how our young people have no chance of a good life while living in the dilapidated streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with 'broken Britain'. Trainspotting, This is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and From London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is another British movie added to this list. The main character expresses the desire to go straight, but still insists on sticking to dead beats that carry weapons and fight gang members for nothing. I was never convinced that he wanted to go straight because nothing stopped him from studying or trading. In fact, it would be a breath of fresh air if it went straight and we had a character who turned her life away. Instead, he spends his time helping his friend try to commit a murder. I did not feel sympathetic when he was shot dead by another teenager at the end of the movie, which is sad because at the beginning of the movie I really liked the whole family and their desire for success. I believe that the creators missed a great opportunity to show the world that success belongs to those who really want to strive for this (like the Chase of happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the purpose of the movie was to paint a realistic picture of how the lives of black teenagers living in British working class look like, but are not we having enough movies in the UK with the same story? Is it not time for these talented producers and writers to give the young Britons something to strive for and show them that a better life is just around the corner? <br /> <br /> Bravo to the creators of Bullet Boy for not loading the movie of thoughtless violence to try to achieve success through shock factors (such as Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time this movie does not offer anything new on the long list of British movies that are really boring and depressing. There is no happy ending to this movie or any of the others I mentioned.
