One of the five worst movies I've ever watched. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend watching it so you can feel the same disbelief as watching Showgirls. <br /> <br /> With 400 votes, the film receives a rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it 10/10, probably due to the message of the film - nuclear weapons are the bane of humanity. Chuck Murdock is a stellar pitcher who quits baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon, "Amazing Grace" Smith is a Boston Celtic star that is inspired by Chuck's story and resigns from basketball. Soon all sports leagues from professional level to college and high school, to small league disassembly in the global protest. Later, all children in the world are in silence. This inspires the President of the United States to meet with the Prime Minister of the Soviet Union, who in time will agree to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season. The film ends with Chuck's intention of throwing out the first batch, and the president tells his new best friend Chuck not to worry about knocking out any batter because he did not throw baseball in a year. > Somewhere along the line, the wicked underground boss kills Amazing Grace. When the president learns that the FBI can verify the killer, he will never be able to prove it. So the president calls the head of the underground ("But this is one" "I do not care, take him on the line") and tell him that he has to give up all the boards of the companies on which he sits and sell all the shares he has. And do not leave the line again. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this movie was so crappy that I could not turn it off. He was on TV from 2:30 to 4:00 and watched it all. I was not turned off by the propaganda of anti-nuclear weapons. I was turned off by the unbelievable collapse of all organized sports. I do not even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. And all these famous athletes become Chuck's friends, that's why my father was constantly upset when his son had a crucial position. And it was the end of the film when Dad tells Chuck: "I never told you that, but I'm proud of you." Hug.
