It is really a shame that almost no one under 30 years knows "over the top" of Michael O'Donoghugh's articles and SNL sketches, which were a genius at the time ... and it's really a shame that anyone who can take the opportunity to examine their work no doubt she will choose an easy way out and watch movies - leading them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie has clever elements that never fully blend with a funny bone. The viewer experiences things like diving with a cat / swimming with a man who thinks he has found a cat's happiness by throwing these kittens into a swimming pool which the camera is following in slow motion and the sequence of assembly. Then we take us to the island, where all the past fashions go (hula hop, pet rocks, rainbow frightening wigs, etc.). Then we enter the world of music (punk was a new variation of music during the film). Rootboy Slim performs "boogie up to vomiting" in his own lazy style of dirt and eclectic sleaze. Now the real beauty of all this is terrestrial music. In many different styles with many different instruments, TELSTAR sound reproduces and reproduces - for those who do not understand Telstar was the first American satellite launched into space, and the theme was created to celebrate the genius and triumph of mans. It seems that MR MIKES was supposed to be a sign of absurd social losses. One of the things that the theater suggested would not be a live recording was the performance of Sid Vicious (ex-sex pistol, not a wrestler) singing MY WAY. His version is completely different than Sinatras, as you can imagine, but honestly I think it's worth listening ... that's good! This is a sad part in the VHS release. Paul Anka rejects the rights to his song, and the viewer is forced to experience a 3 1/2 minute silence with an explanation of the singing dead sexual pistol exploding. <br /> <br /> I would give the theater a 5 or 6 release, the video is closer to 4, and now passé is so much. I see where many people would give him 3 or 2.5. If you want to watch a good screenplay, O'Donoghugh SCROOGED ... this is a better tribute to mans insight and talent.
