Well, I will probably be stoned by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structural videos I've seen in a long time. We have a film lasting two and a half hours, which has three and a half hours, because it has two films in one. The first film tells the story of a family that has to move from home because of drought and hunger. They have to travel south to the cities to find food or work. Conveniently they reach the bag of jewels and at the same time they find out that the drought is over. Okay. Thanks to this knowledge, they return home with their riches and everything is fine and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half of the movie, and while it's incredibly lifeless at the moment, it has a nice bow. One would think that it would be a fantastic place to end the movie. However, the movie lasts for the entire next hour. In this remaining time, he takes a simple story about a family that struggles with the hardships of the world and turns it into a luscious melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. Yes and in age, money is the source of all evil blah blah. Just because you know we're making an epic movie does not mean that your story can last unnecessarily more than it needs to. The main idea that I would like to collect in this film is that the earth is good for this family and keeps them together. So why spend an hour telling a story about a rich man falling in love with another woman and why the last moment of the movie dedicated to his wife, which our main character did not even take over most of the film. <br /> <br /> Wait, and the movie is not the only poorly written, the main character's wife has absolutely no sense. Many complain that she was a slave and never want to have a slave and yadda yadda yaddy. In that case, why in one fell swoop he wants to sell his only daughter into slavery. Even if they are starving during this idea, it still does not make sense when 20 minutes later in the movie complains that he does not want a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are also other films from the thirties that you should pay attention to. The only thing that has an impact on it is cinematography. The land is beautifully shot, oh, and the sequence of locusts is impressive. It is a pity that they were in a film that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> The last thing. I know that at the moment Hollywood focused mainly on the stars and came to the conclusion that a good actor can show something. For most of the movie, Paul Muni presents the Asian as best as he can, but when he reaches half the point where the film has no reason, he loses it and becomes an ordinary old Italian Paul, he even cuts his hair so he looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than this). Of all the main characters in the movie, I think maybe three are Asians, the rest are just stupid Americans. Oh, Mrs. Rainer, it was a really good performance, not if I could snatch Oskar from his hands, oh <br /> <br /> Good Earth is one epic waste of time. If you want to watch something in vain on a nice evening, get The Grapes of Wrath, a movie that really deserves all praise. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
