... because they are disgusting. I think the best part of the movie is the horrendally imperial photo of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. It seems that she could easily get out of this picture, crush someone into bloody pieces and calmly enter the portrait, as if nothing happened. You know that the movie is in trouble when part of the furniture set attracts your attention. <br /> <br /> I admit I paid $ 30 for a DVD, so I could see Faye Dunaway in modern horror. I know what you think - 30 bucks in a gaping black hole. And you would be absolutely correct. This movie sucks. It's open there. I was expecting a few frightening facts, I waited, waited and waited. No one came. Raven (probably crow in makeup) did not scare me, seeing the small pieces of internal organs did not scare me, and even Faye did not scare me. I know I'm not so brave, so the movie itself is a problem. What's more, Jennifer was not afraid either. Her internal organs literally crumbled and seemed more annoyed than anything. Her life quickly came to an end and she worries that she will get more money. Honey, you can not take money wherever you go !!! "I need money," she repeats constantly, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs have fallen and ceased to function. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, I spent the whole explosive movie wondering what was going on with my grandmother (Faye). At first I was suspicious, Faye played grandma and I was still suspicious. There is another relative in the house, whom Jennifer and Mary Ellen the Grandmother-From-Hell are forced to share temporarily, and I am guessing that he is of the same generation as the grandmother mentioned. Here is a strange part - a relative seems to have just survived her eight hundredth birthday. Mary Ellen looks like she has just received a facelift from a known surgeon. The face lift does not work wonders, but I think the Faye look is important for the plot of rice paper. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family is suffering from a disease that affects bad behavior ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, however, is the whole disease that causes their organs to fail and eventually break up. Yuck, huh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive, and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the Family Curse? She does not like something, of course. <br /> <br /> Another reason to mourn the loss of my thirty dollars - this movie contains one of my year-round pissing movies. I mean double ending. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it when it happens, and in this movie it seems that the director was closing the ending, he did not like it, and forgot to delete it during editing. I think it's going to be frightening, but that's only if you're a movie editor. <br /> <br /> There is one plus of this fiasco and this is one of the reasons why I bought a DVD. The filmmaker comments on Faye Dunaway and wanted to see how he behaves when there is no line to recite. Guess what happened - the movie was so bad that I could not sit it again. Drat.
