Jennifer's Shadow takes place in Argentina and begins when Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there after the death of her sister Johanna. Jennifer leaves Johanna's big house in her will, and Jennifer decides to sell the house and return to Los Angeles, even though her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) is opposed to selling. However strange things begin to happen, Jennifer starts having nightmares about the ravens pecking at her and starting to feel very ill. After checking in the hospital, it seems that one of her kidneys has mysteriously disappeared, what's happening with Jennifer? Is this an ancient family curse? Will Jennifer be the next who succumbs to her ... <br /> <br /> This Argentinian American co-production became co-author and co-director of Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Parés and is really a boring waste of ninety odd minutes, a tedious and predictable modern tale about ghosts that I imagine, will cause more people to sleep sooner than to frighten them. Screenplay by Vega, Parés and P.J. Pettiette is quite slow and boring, which is not what everyone wants, I mean I'm sure most people do not want to sit and be bored with skulls. All characters are uninteresting and quite devoid of face, with little or no motivation for anything they do. For example, who is this cemetery caretaker? How did he know about demons? What is his interest and motivation to engage? I have not seen that. Jennifer herself is a rather unlikely and bland, leading lady, her grandmother Mary Allen is as banal as she appears and it is surprising that she is such an obvious villain. I mean this kind of horror / ghost based on a mystery that is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in both logic and history, which, along with the horrifying ending of the turn, which is not unusual, I did not like Jennifer's Shadow one iota. <br /> <br /> The directors of Vega & Parés lose a lot of value, I used the whitewash route of almost all of the image, which often makes it not too far from black and white, I suspect that they wanted to give it a gothic style, but it has been done many times before and often much better than it did for me and it just makes the whole movie look boring and lifeless. There is also a specific appearance from the 40s, from costumes to the interior of a large house, but again it is rather modest and cheap appearance. Jennifer's Shadow is well done, but rather you can not forget it, it is not terrifying or frightening and it is rather predictable. If it is not enough, there are no gore, there are a few scenes with the Raven, who peck people and beating heart, but nothing more. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 1,000,000 and transferred to The Chronicles of Raven on an American and international DVD, which is quite well made, but a million will not buy you too much these days, and Jennifer's Shadow proves this theory. Too many actor scenes speak with thick Argentine accents, although it may be realistic. I actually like to be able to understand what people say. Acting is okay, although Dunaway is doing badly, and of course he is there for money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's Shadow is a garbage ghost movie that from the beginning I thought was a complete boring, I'd rather watch The Incredibly Strange Creatures that stopped life and became a mixed zombie !! (1964) again. Total waste of time.
