This is certainly the most disappointing, least satisfying movie of the whole so-called blacksploitation genre, which, incidentally, is a movie that we generally enjoy a great offer in our home. Instead of being "exploitative" or humiliating, these films are an invaluable insight into the era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to serve the night club left by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is completely controlled by a corrupt police who steals money from protection from all local businesses. Duke resists and decides that he will save the city from corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does this by calling a group of his friends (these people are vaguely explained as some former Black fighters who have worked with Duke in "posts" in the past) and simply murder the entire police department in cold blood. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not a justification for murder and it would be much more fun to see how Police Cracker suffers for his actions, not just banging the street. While vengeance is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in the movies of this genre, we are far from seeing Pam Grier tracking bandits who removed her family, cursed them, gave them their ass and killed them in the fire. It has art (and reason to exist) and deserves a level of respect that is quite undeserved, just by shooting at someone behind. Of course, in this bizarre story, she plays the woman completely under the thumb of Man, afraid of the Crackers who lead her city and oppress her people. Indeed, her advice to Duke is: "Run, man, they will kill you!" <br /> <br /> After disgusting and unjustified violence, we are expected to believe that the mayor of the city wholeheartedly supports the actions of the prince and his friends , congratulating them and offering a parade in their honor, as opposed to, say, summoning a district prosecutor to prosecute them for capital murder and bring them to custody. Duke messenger refuses to parade and instead decides to fill numerous vacancies in the police created by their last deadly madness. Immediately they will turn out to be even more corrupt than their predecessors from Cracker Police (quoting the mayor: "They are ten times worse than what we had before!"). Now Duke discovers that he has to save Bucktown citizens from corrupt law enforcement officers again and again make safe people prostitution on the streets for decent people. Unfortunately, the prince has already lost all moral grounds and sympathy due to the hero, because he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police force. I would not care if he would save Bucktown or join himself at this point. I suppose we ought to have fun thanks to the clever way Duke must outwit the new police officers, but in reality the film has now become an opera of disinterested violence, Duke murders all his old friends and allies with cold blood and thus the lack of compassion when shooting crackers for police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in the city, but Duke, Aretha and employees of the local brothel are dead and bleed on the street, our hero and heroine leave the night, although they have some admirable features or values ​​of salvation; they do not. Duke is only a murderous bandit, and Aretha is his favorable misogynist accomplice. If you're interested in this movie, I definitely recommend it, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby, but if you should run this DVD during this movie, throw it as far as you can! Drop it as if it was hot! It should be treated as if someone was treating a glowing puddle of nuclear waste! In the whole Blacksploitation era, there is not one movie that would not be more entertaining, satisfying and filled with more sympathetic and admirable figures than this piece of mucus, of course written by and directed to some unbalanced secondary high school students.
