Night of the Comet begins when the world prepares for a one-time event in which the 65-year-old comet will leave. Instead of watching a light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with the cinema of Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in her booth ... The next morning they wake up and when Larry tries to leave the cinema, he gets attacked and killed by the zombies, the same zombie she attacks Regina, but she manages to escape, where she discovers that almost everyone on the whole planet has been reddish. Almost everyone, because for some incredible coincidence, the only survivor is her sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), desperately looking for more survivors and meeting a long-distance truck driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, a bad group of scientists needs human blood to develop a serum to protect themselves from being turned into dust and looking for unintended donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt I found Comet's Night is quite a bad viewing experience, I am surprised by the amount of positive comments about IMDb, because I thought it was boring shit that never fulfilled its potential. The script starts 100 miles an hour with the entire Earth population blurred and zombie attack, but then it does not go anywhere, and eventually introduces sinister blood-thirsty scientists at the end of the movie, because by that time the slim story is running its course. There are also holes in the story, if these scientists want blood, why shoot three or four gang members and save two sisters, when the boys would provide more blood for their experiments, killing them seemed completely bizarre and almost suicidal. Given that they need blood to develop medicine, it just does not make sense. I mean, if you die and you have to experiment with human blood, do you prefer to have five or six blood donors or just two? I have no fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, that is, what are the chances for this? When Hector meets with a female scientist for the first time, he never mentions Samantha about where he is or about where the underground facility is located, where they took Regina before she committed suicide, so how did Hector know about these things? ? I also thought that after the first twenty minutes the film would slow down to the pace of snails and it would become incredibly boring and boring to watch, after hearing so many good things about it. Comet's night is nothing more than a overrated boring piece of crap. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhardt does a really good job, I liked the look of the movie with the red shade of the sky and he manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are too many pictures of empty streets, there are constant assembly of empty streets, abandoned roads and abandoned buildings, and it is extremely repetitive and boring. Okay, there's no one else, so there is no need to keep churning our throats, constantly showing the roads without cars. Zombies are completely wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the movie, and this is also two single zombies, although there are several effective nightmares. Night of the Comet pays tribute or rejects any will for a few other, much better films, including the mandatory ending of world shopping madness at the mall with Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget about any blood or blood, because there are not any. <br /> <br /> Technically Night of the Comet is quite good, the special effects are decent enough and the production team apparently coped well with closing the streets. Acting was fine and she expected Maroney to be Samantha, a blonde who became very annoying. <br /> <br /> The night of the comet was a big disappointment for me, I was counting on much more. I found that this movie is boring, boring, calm, and the sequence that causes vomiting, in which the sisters are shopping in the style of "Girls Just Want to Have Fun", is probably the worst moment in the movie. I really do not, and I just do not understand why so many people like it, I'm sure I will be killed for saying it, so let abuse start, I can take it ...
