I think applause is for anyone to submit the trailer for the latest release of Rogue Pictures' The Return. I, myself, along with everyone else, were deceived by me that it was actually a horror movie. On the contrary, it is actually a supernatural thriller. It is a pity that it is not at least exciting. <br /> <br /> "The Return" plays Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems from the age of eleven. At this age, she began to have haunting visions of the murder of a woman she had never met. While on a business trip to Texas, he leads these visions to the hometown of the murdered woman, La Salle. There he faces another person who often appears in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna desperately looks for answers. A search that can finally lead to her own murder. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where to start, people. What should I mention first? Awful acting, hideous directing or a terribly bland history? No matter which point I choose, each one is the same: I just suck. Adam Sussman's script is almost idiotic. This is not interesting. This is not convincing. It's just unpleasant. I waited for something that would speed up the "movie" (I put quotes around the movie because I do not believe that "The Return" deserves to be called a real movie because of its abominations). hope, but nothing happened. I have been omitted in the unbearable cold to freeze. Even star performances by the actors themselves could not have saved this catastrophe. Of course, they probably knew about it after reading the script, and then they agreed to make a "movie". I assume that's why acting was so terrible. At least that's what I believe. I really hope that the cast is not proud of their performances. They need immediate medical help if they do. <br /> <br /> Now the direction was undoubtedly wrong, but I can not quite crucify Asif Kapadia completely. (Well, I could, but I will not, since I'm such a nice guy.) I look at "The Return" as a test for Kapadia, because for all who do not know, this is his first full-length feature film. "He just gets in the door and I'm still learning. The next time, if it's next time, I hope it's going to get a lot better, the only thing he managed to do was to almost completely duplicate the visual retouching style of Marcus Nispel's 2003 Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Now it's nice that the "movie" has been released, but unfortunately I still will not receive any awards from me. Copying someone else's work is not commendable. (Even if it comes from a movie that I liked very much.) <br /> <br / > I think the American version of Jim Sonzero's "Pulse" will have to give the title "The worst film of the year" Return. "No doubt he deserves the title in almost every way possible. that it will be small, and I mean very little profit, but regardless of it, it will not exceed or even coincide with the success of Gellara's previous acting, "The Grudge." There is one more thing on this note that I would like to add. I can honestly say that I have never been embarrassed to see me leave the theater room until I see "Return." This is something I never want to experience along with the "movie" itself.
