Through all my years of filming, I only went to the movie once and it was horrible "Stay Tuned". Fortunately, the cinema returned the ticket, and instead I went to see "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (a slight improvement). This movie is "Gone with the Wind" in comparison to "Dick," a comedy so preposterous that it almost became the second movie I ever came out of. "Dick" was so indecent that you could not even laugh at him, let alone laugh at him. <br /> <br /> Consent, paying for watching a movie with a title such as "Dick" suggests that you will fill inane "dick" jokes and end the big disappointment, and yet I had high hopes for an outstanding cast (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc.) and the premise, which at least promised something fresh. In the presented movie appeared four pitifully predictable jokes "jokes", comical timing suffering from jetlag and premise, which disappeared after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Watergate scene from "Forrest Gump" stretched - not on the stand and distorted - over 90 horrible minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand that the two main heroes - airless, nauseous squeals, who are constantly panting and throwing eyeballs - will take part in every major Watergate event, start to mentally check the plot over time: 18 and half a minute wiped from Nixon tapes, CHECK; Deep Throat encounters with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean changes his heart and testifies, CHECK. The process is more sluggish and less addictive than the real Watergate affair with more or less laughter to start. And although it assumes a funny reconstruction of events leading to the resignation of President Nixon, turns into a comedy "paint on numbers", choose your own adventure, fill the empty blocks very little and play even less. <br /> <br /> Even the strong side of the film - the cast mentioned above - is stunningly unproductive here. The most disappointing is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Trapped, when he is behind Lidda's thick mustache and a narrow jacket in this hideously grim scenario, Shearer mumbles a few lines, desperately tries to jump out of his nasal prosthesis and eyebrows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the creators of the comics Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this film - ah, a blessing of nepotism) also works badly. His H.R. Haldeman occasionally lends much needed lighting to the funeral story, but the funniest thing is that it is stunningly sporty - perhaps the funniest of all. And then there is Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick". (Ha ha, how ridiculously funny.) He manages to play solid Nixon, avoiding the traps (such as exaggerated makeup, gummy nose and false teeth and la Anthony Hopkins), while maintaining the essence (hesitation between human tenderness and roughness). It seems to me that I forget about someone. . . oh yes, two movie stars, these teenagers exaggerated teenage. I do not remember their names, perhaps because I suppressed their performances. Nothing can be more fun; nothing could be more painful than ending their delivery, which had a range of "hyperactivity" and "hyperactivity" with the occasional "pouty" cast in. <br /> <br /> This movie seemed like a bad excuse to combine the soundtrack from the years 70. and parade outrageous period clothes, which seem to be the norm nowadays for movies and TV programs set in "Me Decade". But clothes and music end in a real substitute for real character and story, a kind of extravagant shortcut that the producers hope will compensate for with anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use of this movie is many years when any of its talented actors appear on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible cinematography will get out to shame and hopefully a modest, stunned star. The sad thing is that the real bad guys in all this - writers and producers - will be far from the cameras' eyes, probably preparing another catastrophe like this one. <br /> <br />
