When I saw the preview for the first time, I could not wait to see it. The plot seemed good and the surroundings were great. I mean a slass movie that takes place at the ferry, a great idea !! And the plot: a high school teacher who is obsessed with sex on one of her students, mad, gets arrested and escapes three years later at the ball! The night of the prom, a night that is to be happy and unforgettable, turns into hell !! However, I saw it and was very disappointed. It was not just the worst "horror" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen! First of all, it was not even scary. There was not a single moment in this movie when I jumped out of place. Also, the murder scenes were so shoddy and boring. Anything that the slasher did was either repeatedly stabbed his victims in the stomach or cut their throats. There was also absolutely no gore (his rated PG-13). The scene with the most blood was probably the one in which the killer murdered a black girl. He pulls her throat and the blood splashes on the sheets hanging from them (they do not really show him that he cuts his throat). <br /> <br /> Then you see how the killers face each other the first time he is presented. It is not mysterious, scary or terrifying. It's just the guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> Besides, everything in the film was so trivial. An example may be that at the end the killer is going to kill the main character, and at the last moment the detective shoots and kills him. In addition, every thing in this movie was so predictable. The victim, after seeing a guy with a knife, runs into his life, hides, thinks he's running away, and then the killer simply pops up and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie sequence was extremely bad. The guy enters the hotel, kills several people, the bodies are discovered, someone takes out a fire alarm and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, has a meeting with the killer, escapes and escapes. This is it! She and her boyfriend go home, the slasher kills the guards patrolling the house, finds the girl, and then he is killed by the detective. The movie sequence was so stupid and banal. <br /> <br /> If you're thinking about watching this movie because the preview looked good, trust me, do not waste your time or money. No wonder that this film was screened in the smallest theater in the cinema. My friend and I were the only ones in the theater with these two girls sitting in the back. That should tell me something about the movie.
