The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say, but Disney was completely disappointed when they created this sequel. I admit that it has some good points in it. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clean and transparent. I'm sure there is a bit of humor - I do not remember because after watching it I immediately forbade him to appear again in front of my eyes. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this movie, Ariel becomes her father. He forbids the daughter from approaching the sea (yes, out of fear), as she was forbidden to approach the ground. Personally, I think that, given her past, Ariel will keep some of her stubborn ways and will not treat her daughter the way she has been treated. <br /> <br /> Besides, Ursula has been replaced by a non-scary, pathetic kind of sea witch (an inanimate, forgotten sister) who is more comical than terrible. She also has some subordinates to carry out her orders - but she is not terrifying or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her credibility for evil. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> Worse, Flounder is a fat, deep father (he is no longer a sweet guppy, whom we all know and love), and Eric's voice does not even do the same actor (something that always annoys me in the remake) u / sequel). (By the way, the difference in his voice was obvious to me!) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was that Disney could catch some quick dollars, which I hate to think of a corporation I really like. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know it's happening (a child following in the footsteps of a parent), but Ariel was different. We loved her so much. She had a dream, fell in love and fulfilled this dream. Until she appeared in this movie, I mean. Then she became the same as other adults. This is not Ariel, whom I know. And I do not like her. <br /> <br /> I know some children who liked this movie, and I know some adults who also did not mind. But for me and for all of you who have the greatest love for Ariel, please do not watch this movie. Ariel, who we know, dies inside, resurrected only for one song or two and one final scene, which is not really bad (where he again accepts water) - although he takes very little part in the ending, regardless of it.
