I loved the first little mermaid. I know songs, I love characters and I love this story. I can not say anything about The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea. That was awful. Let's start with history. The plot was an inverted copy of the first film. Same situations, except inverse! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was deceived by Ursula, Melody was cheated by her sister Ursula, Morgana. Ursula had a sister? I do not know where it came from. In addition to being a strange copy of the first film, the plot of the movie seemed tired and uninteresting compared to the first movie. Now characters: 1. Ariel - What happened to her ?? !! He is no longer a courageous, stubborn teenager who we all knew and loved from the first movie, now "grown up" and her personality was in vain. Her voice was not so strong, because Jodi Benson was much older, and the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric- While in the first film he did not have much personality, like all the princes of Disney, his new voice and his several lines made him even more robotic. On top of everything, he just can not defend himself, and Ariel becomes hard of them. 3. Sebastian- Say goodbye to the nice shellfish from the first film, because his place was taken by a shy, annoying crab. He also did not have good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory he gained from singing the amazing "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie, and it is very sad. 4. Flounder - They destroyed him !! He is no longer cute, his voice is terrible, and now he has children? Who is the mother ?? 5. Morgana It seems that she is Ursul's sister's revenge on her mother, who always chose Ursula for her. So he plans to get the trident of King Triton to become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? In any case, he is a very banal villain and does not like the size of Ursula as a rogue. It fails in the epicenter of sorcery, it is not too hard and it is not at all threatening. 6. Melody - daughter of Ariel and Eric. An ironic name because she, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (walrus and penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or nice, and she is exactly the same as Ariel, vice versa and not so nice. Skip this one. Do not watch any Disney continuation with the exception of Lion King 2. This movie has massacred a classic that lives in all of our pleasant memories. I will look at this movie and just laugh.
