Okay, as a Disney fan for a long time, I really love Disney sequels. Walt HIMSELF did not believe in them. He believed that "AND HAPPY HAPPY EVER" is its end. But this ... REALLY remarked taco. There were a lot of excerpts from other Disney movies, it was not funny. Quick summary, if you do not know yet ...: Melody was born, daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who looks like Ursula, if she was dying green and goes on a hunger diet Ally Macbeal) appears, and after trying to make a newborn in the butt, she prophesies a doom for the character. After this attempt, Ariel loses the awareness of being similar to her father and refuses to tell Melody of her sirens heritage, and then forbids her approaching the sea. What a surprise. Melody learns that she is a stubborn brat who is and escapes, and then she arranges herself with Morgana to become a mermaid in exchange for something. (Gee, does that sound familiar?) He becomes one, but in the middle of the deal he has to get his grandfather back to Trident and bring him back to the sea witch. Doing so, he comes across a couple of outcasts, a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb - what? wait no! this is not Timon and Pumba! Or is it? He could have fooled me. In any case, I would like to reveal more, but almost everything I can guess is taking place. OK, so ... a short story. This movie "borrows" too much from other (better) Disney movies ... and does it terribly. Come ... Tip and Dash? Why not let Dash be bloated and make it even more obvious! Ugh. Not to mention the total slaughter of the character in the form of Ariel. She moved from the free will, the stubborn woman to her father's clone. Not good at all ... basically they tell us a sweet, fiery mermaid who we know is growing and love is dead. Plus, Melody is not such a great character ... she's damn annoying! And friar! Not to mention what they did to Flår. Ugh ... in any case, if you decide to see this piece created - mainly for profit, without imagination, sponsored by Eisner c ****** t, I suggest maybe waiting "up on the Disney channel or some other television station. Because it is not even worth the rental price. <br /> <br /> * with ***** stars.
