I suppose Temple Matthews wrote a remake in principle, although there are a few changes that only make the situation worse. SPOILERS: It's very similar to the original. Melody, the new daughter of Ariel, threatens Ursula's sister, Morgan. Morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to pick Melody. Does Ursula have a sister ?! And he is not a wonderful villain like Ursula. Here is the similarity. Medoly is kept away from the sea until Morgana is caught, but he knows nothing about it, because it all happened when she was a child. The wall of the palace surrounds her to keep her in the morgan. Every day he goes to the wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or funny as in the original. He finds a shell with his name and escapes from the house, looks for an answer and finds Morgana. Here is the similarity; Morgana cheats Melody, making her happy, turning into a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for her. To remain a mermaid, he must steal a trident from Triton. So Melody does because he does not know that King Triton is her father. He makes friends with penguin and walrus, and here is terrible. Penguins who live with them in an icy ocean hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove that they are heroes and they fail. It does not suit the little mermaid. And dialogue during these conversations between penguins and these two characters is bleeding from the ear. Do you know why? Because the first had a great story. This one is not and is not magical. This is just an example of how bad the sequels are. <br /> <br /> The melody finds them and helps take her to Atlantica to check. When they take a trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. Melody is mad at her mother for keeping her away from the sea, so she gives Morgan a trident and then shows her the real colors when she catches her. Poor Ariel and Melody are under her protection. Penguin and walrus begin to check when they fight a friend of shark Morgan. I'm sorry, I did not mention him before. In the end, they work. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but they are forced to bow to Morgana by the power of the trident. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton and wraps Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's all her fault. There was no! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say that. Triton offers Melody life in the sea or on land. In fact, it has a "better idea". He uses a trident to vaporize the wall so that people and people from the people can be together. Then everyone sings a terrible song. END. <br /> <br /> Whoever sees it and likes it, of course, did not see the original. I do not like it because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very small. Then when I was growing up, I started to see what's wrong with this movie. young, young children will enjoy it, but it is likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget about it. Normally, I think I was overdoing the movie and it was better than I remember when I watched it again, but not this one. It's even worse. History is no exception. If you thought, reading the story is good, read this comment and you will learn about other bad things: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry that I broke it for you, but I had to point out some bad parts. One of the worst things is animation. The color is terrible. The original had a beautiful color. Watching it almost made me blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful, magical color and beautiful underwater scenery, as well as land scenery, making viewing a pleasure. Compared to the first music here is nonsense. The songs are not so well composed, and Tara Strong (I think it's called that) Melody can not sing. Sometimes she either sang too high or did not follow the melody in the song. That's it when it comes to owning "Melody" as a name. And music is not beautiful or touching at all. The Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it and she really deserved it. He deserved the prize for the worst musical score in the sequel, if it existed. <br /> <br /> I did not like the voices. Several people who played characters from the first did the same. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, without offense, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful. I am very disappointed with her and others who were the first to be part of her. If I was chosen for this movie, simply reading the script, I can say that it would be a bad movie. Characters are different now. Ariel is smarter now, but irritating. They exaggerated her character, making her too mature. You do not have to change characters in the sequels unless it's for a special reason. At the first she was sixteen. There is a small chance that it will change. At this stage, you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. Screenwriters should think about it. They should think about the form. <br /> <br /> I suppose it's for me. I hope that my comment will prove useful because I am sure that many of you will agree with my point of view.
