This movie makes me want to throw myself every time I see him. If you take the first movie and reverse the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, then throw shit animation and the biggest sucking factor possible, you get a little mermaid 2 This is basically a copy of the first movie with the reverse plot. I will lead you through the horror of this step. These are the people from the first film: first, Prince Eric is still the prince of eric, with about three lines throughout the film. Ariel is tense, annoying and not a carefree, stubborn ghost we've seen in the first. In fact, it is exactly the opposite. Sebastian is still a Sebastian, only less sweet, less convincing than stressed, and jokes are no longer funny. Flounder has about 2 lines. Now he has children and speaks in a stupid nasal voice. Scuttle is still stupid, but not funny. The figure of King Triton is probably the best, he still remains intimidated and loves his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric look like they're not telling about their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they did was to use the characters from the first movie and copy them. Here's what they did: Ursula- The new evil villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister, who feels like she's always lived in the shadow of Ursula. I would not be scared if she appeared with me with a knife. He can not do anything right and is a failure as a villain. He has the same voice as ursula. Sebastian and flounder - have been replaced by probably the most stupid helpers, Tip & Dash, walrus and penguin. They try to be heroes, but they always try. the plot is so predictable. At the end they become heroes. Yawn. Flatson and Jetsom - now replaced by a shark that has been inverted by 10x by Triton. He is also very bad. Morgana and the shark (shark, I think it was his name) have no good or bad chemistry. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our adorable mermaid was replaced by her wonderful daughter, a melody. The melody can not sing, its voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to hit it in the face because it is so false sweet sweetness. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy, and children make fun of her, she must find her. yawning. <br /> <br /> The film is not only boring and unoriginal, but it's as simple as watching this movie, you can barely catch your breath. Some parts of the movie make you want to call Disney and demand that such a horrible movie be made as a continuation of such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> Basically, comparing the little mermaid 2 with the little mermaid is like comparing and Ed Wood's movie to Casablanca. Never watch it, even when you're bored.
