While Bondarchuk was by no means young when he was commissioned to work on this project, he was still a beginner director, having only single photos, a successful adaptation of the short history from World War II, his name. Bondarchuk was of course an acknowledged acting star for a decade, but theatrical skills did not mean much to the camera, and as a director he was pitifully unprepared to start production on such a scale. And it shows it through jumbled blast compositions, especially visible in group scenes, often unfortunate camera positions, performances of very diverse quality for the director were apparently so overwhelmed by the enormity of the actors of the task, which apparently were left to their own devices, uncomfortable voices like radio advertisements. <br /> <br /> Vidor "War and Peace" was probably the main reason why the Soviet government spared no expense on this production. The release of Vidor's photo by the USSR was a big plus. Certainly, Bondarchuk wanted to imitate the greatest strength of the Hollywood movie and find his own Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a powerful dark-haired creature with big eyes, really looks a bit like Hepburn. Unfortunately she was a Kirov ballet dancer without any acting experience or talent, so it's no wonder that the nicest word I can find to describe her performance is "horrible." <br /> <br /> Although you can expect that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as Tolstoy's characters, would have a better understanding of them than foreigners, but this War and Peace often proves that it is not. The revolutionary shock has swept away the thin upper layer of Russian cultural land from which the world of War and Peace has grown, so many of those great Soviet actors involved in the production often look as unconscious as the Americans performing Shakespeare (I mean, of course American actors can not probably Play Shakespeare in a credible way, but you know what I mean, if you've been a witness to American cast members in Branagh's adaptations.) Of the three main characters, only praiseworthy Pierre Bondukuka, but even he was too old for this part and feels out of place at the beginning.
