A very bad but observable science fiction film that suffers from disgusting special effects, bad acting and a funny story. The film begins with a spaceship returning from exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with green slime on his shoulder. She, thanks to some bizarre ideas for the story, begins to talk about what happened on this disastrous journey, because almost all tapes seemed to be magnetically erased. Four astronauts undertake this trip: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart from a poor man who likes to say the word "Irish" and has an acting knowledge of cod, and then Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and the only female crew member in flight with three men in the most-fitting suits that can highlight all her curves, then Les Tremaine, a wonderful actor with cheap science-fiction movies like this egg, and finally Jack Kruschen as Sammy - a guy from Brooklyn with jokes and does not seem too bright, though chosen due to its knowledge of electronics. None of these performers is really good, and everyone talks with little conviction. Follow Tremaine when she says this scientific nonsense! Really, the best of the four is Kruschen - and that really says a lot about this film. But badly acting aside, the movie simply crumbles when it lands on Mars by flashback. The angry red planet had a really cheap budget, because Mars is really a Southwestern American with a heavy red tint. When history requires something that can look like Mars, drawings with a heavy red tint are placed on them. You can say that they are drawings. Monsters are even worse when we get a rat-sized spider up to 40 feet, which looks like some babies have collected dead animals together. The second important essence is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. Whew! They're wrong. There is a nice drawing of the Martian city, but in the film it was not enough. Despite all these great problems, The Angry Red Planet is a funny bad movie. It's really fascinating to see how far we've come as a civilization. Most of the materials used in the film are so outdated. One guy uses an electric shaver with a string and I thought they could get to Mars, but they still use ropes. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look to most movies, even with budget restrictions, but his story and Sid Pink do not fly. And how will it end with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
