The space ship returns from Mars; a few months earlier a 4-man trip to the red planet was sent. Most of the photos are a flashback of what happened there. The image is fraught with inane, melodramatic dialogue, typical of many fifties and sixties efforts in science fiction. Note, for example, how the commander of the ship (Mohr) tells another crew member to "stay there" for no reason; if you move to another place on the ship will cause a problem. Later, the commander orders the two crews to remain on the ship while he and the others leave. The two, whom he ordered to remain, will say "no" and continue; At that moment, I did not have much hope for the success of the expedition. Much is said about "shaking the ears" and hugging a freeze gun called "Cleo" (short for Cleopatra, of course). It would be at least fun, unintentionally, if history did not drag on. <br /> <br /> The pace is very slow; astronauts spend so much time watching the ship's window portals (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, just like they do it outside. The Martian landscape, advertised as filmed in "Cinemagic", usually resembles cut-outs of animation or drawings, shot in orange-red filter to give the illusion of interacting with actors who take a strange surreal look because of the process. But I do not think that somebody cheated people over 10 years old. The only clever reference I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be colored with unreality, which would explain the unreal nature of the Martian perspective. Oh, ok ... <br /> <br /> I was amused by some of the astronaut's activities when they started to investigate; they immediately check their frozen guns on the plant, killing them, only for hell. Then a woman member hacks a machete in a place she thinks is a tree, but it turns out to be a spider-rat leg. It's nice, lady. Check it out next time. No wonder that "intelligence" on Mars is upsetting and does not bother that one of the lower forms of life, the giant amoeba, attacks the researchers. Acting is not very impressive. Especially Mohr had a very annoying technique, saying a poem, then suddenly exploding with a huge smile that always frightened me - he reminded me of it! Terror From Space. The ending is quite anti-climatic; do not expect any great revelations except "there is no expedition" with freezers named Cleo.
