60 minutes in beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape from an isolated boarding school, where she was brought to the beginning of the film. Does he run away from a fate too terrible to contemplate him, a monster, a black-gloved assassin or a supernatural evil? No, he escapes from a band of thugs. In the next 40 minutes different characters walk around the school in the dark, holding candlesticks and looking worried or distraught, which does not say much in itself, perhaps because great movies have been made, but if you're going to have characters walking around corridors and stairwells, it's better that you are Alain Resnais or you know better how to illuminate these stairs with bright apple reds and purple like Mario Bava. We know that the killer is circling around the school, but the number of his bodies is pathetic and rare, and in the absence of internal horrors that can be expected in Giallo, we do not have the sense of sinister secrets / unspeakable mysteries festering behind the façade of order and piety and rightness, which is the sort of movie that La Residencia wants to be, but he does not know how to do it. We know something is wrong because girls are reported missing, but we never have a sinister mysterious atmosphere that says, "something is serious here, old." When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of the students, he does it with quick hysteria and detailed close-ups of eyes and parted lips, while in the background high music "is shocking". There is no beautiful beauty and longing PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK. Everything is a bit clumsy and pointless, without a real sense of urgency and direction. Many people are portrayed as suspects, but there is no reason to care for the identity of an assassin who is not noticed by the characters in the movie. I like the first killing, the image of the target of being hit by a knife imposed on the victim's tormented face as lullabies in the background, but the rest is too insignificant for my taste. I must say that Serrador dealt with killing children much better and paranoid du soleil WHO CAN KILL A CHILD?
