Virtually the only other actor who would be less inclined to play in Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton manages to turn into a pretty effective portrait (and as a film producer he probably was not released or told him he was not suitable for that role! ) The early life of a bold motorcyclist is described in many flashbacks. The film begins with a stupid prologue with Hamilton in the white-and-leather, speckled gear spouting the world according to Knieval, as if to say, "Do not worry. This movie is about my youth, but I'll be back in my familiar outfit at the end of the picture. "Hamilton is preparing for a huge jump, but he is still licking the wounds from the previous one, because the devoted wife of Lyon both supports him and mocks him. It evokes various vignettes from childhood and criminal teens, as well as early years as a stuntman and a flourishing fame. This flip-flop approach is quite violent and sometimes disjunctive, but prevents the movie from sticking to one of its inexpensive sets for too long or before entering the routine with quite pedestrian characters. Hamilton, usually kind and debonair, does a great job by introducing small details of manners and behavior of his subject, including his walk. His hair is brighter and longer, and he works hard to give the right variations while talking. (He even pays a small tribute to Knieval's many injuries, appearing in a skimpy towel, while his arms are covered with "scars" from many accidents). . Lyon copes well with the young girl he loves, and then with a more global wife, though her 3-pack voice per day threatens her devotion at any time. She and Hamilton create easy chemistry, which significantly translates into a film. Other pleasing bends are given to Freed as his blunt doctor, Cameron as an early influence, and Taylor as a flea buzzing at the sight of the fleas. The film was made at a low budget, but it is still quite low, so it does not have much impact. The creators wisely used the actual locations of Butte, Montana, to give the film the right atmosphere of a small town. A few of Hamilton's antics are funny, though the character is certainly reckless and mindless in the face of other people's property! Some of Knieval's completed and unsuccessful acrobatics are contained in fuzzy materials, one of which contains amazing "splashes" in which the man is curled and torn like a rag doll. Hamilton's wife (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
