Well, maybe you do not see any women in love in this movie, but you'll hear women say they love and men talk about love and women talk about men and men talk about men and women about men and everyone talks about death, conversation and talk until you want to scream and do something that does not require a conversation, like painting a bedroom or watering plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho-gibbering reigns and where no one can go to a productive life, because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. Spending time with the heroes of the novel D.H. Lawrence is like closing a closet with a group of your most preoccupied friends that you would run away from if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I desperately wanted to strangle every character, but because I could not, I hoped that at least they would smother each other. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not by strangling, and I will not ruin it by telling you in case you really care about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> To give director Ken Russell his reward, he makes this filmed version as fun as it is possible to create this essentially unprofitable novel. He throws away many psychological nonsense that Lawrence loved, and instead focuses on all the naughty parts, so we get a lot of histrionic love in the beds and fields, two naked wrestlers wrestling through the fire and one embarrassing scene with Alan Bates (yes, naked again) wandering in the meadow, making love with bushes and grass (I'm not joking). Glenda Jackson won the Oscar for the role of Gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters in the focus of this story, and she is certainly trying to do something with this material; everyone would deserve an Oscar for having had Russell's decision to give her a stage where she must dance wildly in front of a herd of mysterious cattle. Oliver Reed has one facial expression, an intense glow. All this matter is overwritten and directed, and it's insanely camps. Indeed, he competes with "Mommie Dearest," perhaps the most unintentional hysterical movie I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Class: D
