"Prom Night" is just a remake of the 1980 movie titled starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film is set in a town in Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is going to go to the prom and have some fun after undergoing extremely traumatic events in the last few years. She and her friends arrive at a ball that takes place in a big hotel, and try to enjoy what is supposed to be the most fun night in their lives. No one knows that a man from Donna's past, who has been haunting her for years, is also at the ball ... and is ready to kill everyone on the way to his chase after her. <br /> <br /> I'm a fan of the original Prom Night, so I tried to keep some hope in this movie, but I have to admit that I was very disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst case that a horror movie can have, and that is predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here and I felt that I saw everything in this film several dozen times, often better. What does this mean for the public? Boredom. Unless, of course, you've never seen any horror or teenagers, but most of the audience will probably be able to guess almost anything that's going to happen. The plot is simplified, but the whole scenario is devoid of all kinds of surprises, twists, atmospheres or anything, and it really really hurts the film, because it really never gives the audience anything that could sink your teeth. Everything just seemed very bland. <br /> <br /> Many people complain about the fact that it is also a PG-13 short, and I understand what they say, but I do not think that it is impossible to make a good slasher movie with a minimal gore. Take, for example, Carpenter's "Halloween" - little or no violence on the screen, but still an extremely frightening and effective movie. You do not have to be afraid to make a scary movie, but even if the Prom Night were selflessly brutal (which is not, it is very tame), it would not add much to the movie because there is not much in the script to build at the beginning. The tension and tension in this place are at best mild, and I spent most of the film predicting the results of the situation and for about 99% of the time I was correct. Our characters are not written well enough for the audience to be able to connect with them, and their dimming numbers are routine and careless. <br /> <br /> I will give you a few things that I liked about this film because it was not completely useless - the pictures are really nice, and everything was very well made and quite stylish. Among the "jumping" fears (which are mostly very predictable) were a few who were clever. Scenes for the movie are also nice, and the hotel is a nice place for a story, however predictable it may turn out to be. When it comes to acting, at best it's mediocre. Brittany Snow plays decently, but the rest of the cast does not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain and is probably the most experienced performer here, but even he is not that impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change compared to the typical masked-persecutor killer, which we can see a lot. As for the ending, the last fifteen minutes of the movie bored me to the end of my joke and it was very anti-climatic. <br /> <br /> In general, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very numerical, routine and predictable, which is a bit annoying, considering that it can be a decent slass movie. There were a few neat moments, but the film lacked tension and atmosphere, and it did not have too much plot or credible characters. I would advise seasoned horror fans to save money and wait for them to appear on the video or to rent the original instead, because there are absolutely no surprises. Some may find some entertainment in it, but it was too predictable for my tastes. I was expecting better and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
