Can you say that production at Lew Grade is a mile away? clearly British style; epic in concept; populated by international star casts; usually in exotic climates. This is the formula that Grade and its ITC company used throughout the 1970s in the early 1980s, resulting in titles such as The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, Grade produced March Or Die, an extremely old-fashioned adventure of the Foreign Legion, which models all of the above features. Directed usually reliable Dick Richards ?? which Farewell My Lovely conducted several years earlier - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of foreign legionnaires headed by a strict disciplinary general Foster (Gene Hackman) is soon sent to Morocco after the First World War. Their mission is to protect the archaeological party headed by dedicated Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists carry out excavations in the ancient city of Erfoud, but are afraid of the attack of Arab tribes after the decimation of an earlier archaeological group. Foster is not happy with the task? he does not take into account historical artifacts worthy of his people who risk their lives. This creates a constant tension between him and Marneau, who believes that legionaries should sacrifice their lives to allow excavations. Problems intensify when a beautiful woman called Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) with tags along with legionnaires. He hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by the Arabs, when they erased the first archaeological team. Her presence arouses desire among the legionnaires, no more than Gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and courageous villain who initially shows indifference to his legionnaires, but gradually grows in posture. The climax is the great battle of Erfoud, where swarms of united Arab tribes accuse a handful of legionaries when they desperately try to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> On paper, it seems that the duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill mismatch? Hackman is an Academy Award-winning heavyweight actor Hill, a handsome but limited Italian beating heart from numerous low-budget spaghetti westerns. It is expected that Hackman will work on the screen as an equivalent. Oddly enough, it's Hackman who gives you weak and unwavering results while Hill raises her game to a surprisingly high level. The film is attractively filmed in desert locations, but the pace is terribly slow and few characters are noteworthy. Maurice Jarre's music is also extremely flat? a very disappointing guy who gave us the result of Lawrence Of Arabia. Surprisingly, everyone had the courage to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 1970s (it was a genre that peaked in the 1930s and has been forgotten in recent decades). Unfortunately, gambling does not really pay off? this tribute to old legionaries becomes more than a march.
