We see the body of a dead girl in the morgue, and the coroner tries to close the girl's eyes, but whatever she tries will not stay open. After that we go to the future and follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they start to be chosen one by one in many terrifying ways. Thanks to flashbacks, we learn about this horrible suicide of a shy girl who tried to be one of the group, but she was closed because they dug her past and discovered some strange events. So, did she come back from the grave looking for revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a great and always horrible story! Well, I hope so. And "hope" was as good as it could be. It is an unforgettable, so supernatural horror movie I watched earlier, but I thought it was my first look. To my surprise, it struck me when I began to deal with certain matters, but as I said, it is a pretty unmodified mix that seemed to me the first time I was watching again. "Nightmare" is just another kind of box that adds "a few" changes to the gruel. Oh, please, give me something fresh. It does not have to be completely original, but this is one formula and quite a tired movie from horror j. Even though it stretches along the usual ghost story in which you have guessed that it is a vengeful, evil spirit of the chicks. <br /> <br /> But despite my negative attitude to the same old, the same old tale and shock. This kind of game is playing when it is frightening and appears in terrifying visualizations. a scene with a ghost terrorizing one of the girls is one blood-chilling experience, but really, when he's not trying to shock you, I thought it was more of a coma and I thought about closing. I was not interested in any moment of shock. It can be said that because the alleged mystery is not too great, the uncertain story is simply flat, and the characters are a group focused on one another, which does not really care what happens to them. This chaotic story should focus more on the spirit than on those bland figures who have one unconvincing group relationship. He simply overflowed his cards, becoming overly complicated and too long to arrive at the climax, it is simply absurd. The horrifying ending of the film is, however, an important point. <br /> <br /> The film looks good, although it could be done without a frantic, quick edition of the fire, and the musical score was somewhat bossy in recreating the mood. The performances go a thin line, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead role. <br /> <br /> It's nothing new and shamelessly steals ideas, but if you can look into the past, it provides some unpleasant emotions. Nevertheless, I thought that handling it was quite lethargic, despite the strange thrills. My guess is that this is a standard effort, but it is still unacceptable.
