In the Sholay variant, Ram Gopal Verma embarks on something that can be called an unknown territory, where the hit has a new shape. Thakur goes to the south. Mohanlal as Narsimha, a police inspector whose family was killed, is looking for a revenge in the style of Madrasi. The accent is completely South Indian, unlike Thakura from the north. Gabbara's break of Thakur's hands is also limited to the fingers in Aag. So the cost of makeup is lowered because there is no effort to hide your hands, only Kurt with long arms covers the cut fingers. Moreso at the climax of the Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye to the usual paer hi kaafi hai", here Narsimh uses his fingers to shoot the gun and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar gabbar is also different. It does not come from Bihar or UP. He is Bambaiya. The infamous laugh of Gabbar this time is also in two parts and is more subdued. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and romances Urmil to replace Helen in Mehbooba. she dances and likes to dance with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba. This time Babban is more intelligent. He throws an apple and asks the question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of gravity. Basanti is more talkative than the Auto Ghungroo driver. Nisha Kothari can not play an automatic driver and looks too artificial, using words such as "to entertain" and "too much" with gay abandonment. Viru was fun, while Ajay Devgun is incapable of role. The incident with God Speaks to Basanti and the lessons of shooting and Koi Haseen's song and sequences of water tanks are painful. The water tank turns into a well, and drunk Devgun is so bad in sequence that the public would like him to commit suicide. Jai was calm and serious. Prashant Paradise is better than others because we do not expect anything from it. But he also staggers Mausi's sequence. It is not as romantic as Jai with the oral organ. Jay's role played by Sushmit changes his career. A clean housewife turns into a doctor this time, plunging into full-time social service after the death of her husband. She also has no pain that showed Jay. Her flirt with Jai is more open this time. This time Samba plays a bigger role as Tambe. This time he does not have to point to a gun and answer Gabbara's questions. He follows Babban, wherever he goes, and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside. Horses give way to jeeps and cars. Gabbara's hiding place is constantly changing and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all, it's more of a parody than anything else. RGV invents its own interpretation of the classics. But we remember the original so well even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and changed dialogues. So we call it parody. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stop making remixes and start creating originals.
