Sholay: Considered one of the biggest films. I've always wondered if they'll ever be remakes that are classics. This was the time when RGV announced this movie and I was a little excited to see it. I always thought that maybe it would be a good movie, but every week we would like to change something here. And the movie is a very classic movie, which I did not have hope for. <br /> <br /> I really tried to look for positives, but I promised to keep Sholaya out of my mind. The photos are amazing. The movie tries to be your own. But this is a page in advance. The action sequences are weak. The scenario had potential. The biggest disadvantage is the edition. None of the scenes excites you. For example, comedy sequences were very out of place and forced. Ironic, because the comedy was just as much fun in the original. And none of the characters is developed. And no scenes will remain until the end. And the ending was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is action. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, no big deal. It seemed that they were too focused on his appearance, that the figure looked scary, but you can not break free. Mohanlal is barely in the movie, but he impresses in his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It's not so much a show, it just gave it everything, it was a poor script. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to do it with better movies. <br /> <br /> I had the most expectations for Sushmity Sen, which was probably the best of many. She was full of expression, but it still was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. For the most part she seemed disinterested, but her emotional scene after the death of her friend was quite good. It looks like he needs to find a director who will help her talent, not her sweet look. But chemistry disappointed me most. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushmit and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not like the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> When it comes to songs, they're sucked. Mehbooba Urmili was too exaggerated and I almost slept through it. He was, however, nicely danced. Holi's number was pleasant but not memorable. The same was true for other songs. For someone who was waiting for this film, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of his jungle, but it looks like he lost his talent when filming this movie. But I hope he will regain his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this film is best forgotten. All the positives are still not making up for the boring movie.
