I can not come up with the right words to describe the horror I felt while sitting in the cinema watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the unthinking attempt of the director to pay homage to this classic Bollywood western, Sholay. The biggest problem in the remake of Varma is that it does not even try to create a reliable movie. In each frame of the film you can clearly see that Varma's heart is simply not there. What you see on the screen is, at best, a bad joke, a trick on the part of the filmmaker, and it hurts you how little attention he devotes to the film about which he claims to be a fan of his whole life. I've seen a few bad movies over the years, but I do not remember one that would be just as torture as sitting. Consider yourself very brave if you can survive the whole movie because it tests your patience just like a few films before. Varma can borrow his storyline and characters from the original movie, but his version is banal and empty and there is no one with the spirit and energy of Sholay. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is in fact a mockery of this timeless jewel, because it turns out that it is all that was not an original movie - too overdone, too boring and totally thoughtless. Sholay's very liked moments are parodied by Varma and that's why you want to wring his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, where Dharmendra as Veeru climbs the water tank and threatens to jump off to death, is reversed in this movie with Ajay Devgan playing Hero, pulling a gun to his head, threatening to shoot himself. How would you like him to pull the trigger and save us all agony. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag not only fails as a remake of Sholay, but it is a very bad effort, even as an independent movie. A damaged tympanic membrane sounds more like the clatter of dishes in the kitchen, and the work of the camera changes between drama and shaking your head. The partners in this terrible crime of transferring this ridiculous movie to the screen are mainly dead actors. Sushmita Sen as Devi the widow treats both her role and the film too seriously, interpreting her lines with pauses, staring at the camera to get the effect, and generally depends on her life. Mohanlal as Narsimha struggles with his dialogue in Hindi and looks embarrassed that he delivers the stupidest lines in his excellent career. Novice Prashant Raj playing Jai-Raj Raj does not have any acting cats to talk about and can not come up with any of those gloomy intensities that Amitabh Bachchan brought to the role in the original movie. As Hero, the new age of Veeru, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, disappointing in comedy attempts. But the weakest link in the film, certainly the most shocking decision is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who enters Hema Malini's shoes as Basanti, a captivating Sholay pilot. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but perhaps the worst actress in the whole world, she gives a word that annoys a whole new meaning, and she makes you want to cut your wrists every time she is on the screen. And then Amitabh Bachchan plays Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most popular villain of Hindi cinema Gabbar Singh. Bachchan, the only actor in this band who recognizes the overarching tone of the film and plays in accordance with it, creates a dangerous character that is a treat to watch. He is supposed to be a comic villain who growls and scoffs, hisses and hacks, and he does it all with a good result. But because he is imprisoned in such a condemned endeavor, his performance actually does not help to raise the movie in any way. There are no surprises here, I'm going from zero to ten and two thumbs for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, it's one of those painful experiences with watching movies that you do not even expose to the enemy. It's not like Varma did not deal with the remake before. With Sarkar, he gave us a wise, captivating look at the Godfather, and it is a pity that he made this Sholay bhature from such a beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst decision in his career, he is also a dark point in his biography, he will be embarrassed forever. I suspect that this film will go down in the history of the film as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
