The drama in its essence "Anna" shows the true truth that all actors age and sometimes disappear. Anna is a figure who believes that America is her safety net, her home and maybe she can do nothing wrong with her? but she does not want to belittle herself to do a job she does not believe in. She is tough, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but she is not afraid to let others in, and at the same time drop them in one moment. . Anna flips between the personalities, which makes this film an ideal of an aging star, but not an idea of ​​spectators. "Anna" was praised for the star Sally Kirkland, and her ability to "grungy" the role, but for a month in 2008, "Anna" does not remain the foundation of film culture. It is outdated, boring and chaotic. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogayevich has a message hidden in "Anna" about the falsifications of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to declasce them. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, use wooden frames to make Kirkland stand out, and is not afraid of reducing the surrounding heroes, so when you leave the movie, you remember Kirkland. If this is not obvious, this movie did not suit me. Since the opening of the first act and deeply in the second "Anna" she felt like in high school. The characters did not exist, there were no enlightening stories and there was no definition of time or place. She was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly saying she was better than other actresses fighting for the same lifestyle she wanted. She accidentally encounters a friend, a young girl who has also traveled far away to get to America in splendor and splendor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that can break all the walls. It is emotionally boring and unbelievable. Again, by chance, we meet Anna's boyfriend, Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character? just to pay attention to Anna Kirkland. For almost two hours, we observe how more and more random acts combined with unnamed characters are intertwined, creating a weak story that combines loose threads? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it hurts me to continue speaking, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie, if Bogayevicz presented an equal time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we are forced to play a one-sided game in which the emotional scenes speak louder than the plot. <br /> <br /> Is Charlize Theron here the inspiration for her smaller role in "Monster" or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland, one of the first actresses, discovered that by letting herself figure out, Oscar would light in their direction? Throughout this movie I was disgusted with the portrait of Anna Kirkland and Bogayevich's lack of excitement for anything else smoothly. Bogayevich gives us Anna, who does not work hard for her parts, does not care about others, and generally means spirit? do we have compassion for her? At the beginning of the movie, he forces what he wants to do to others, and he gets upset when he does not go out. Bright, aging actresses are attractive to me, but Kirkland creates a more childish form than a mature one. It was there that Anna could improve. If it was mature Kirkland, I would devour it, but this stuttering child Anna could not believe it. Although my favorite scene is coming to an end when Anna goes to watch one of her older films (including absurd characters from make-up), and the film burns, this scene is also one of my least favorite. Anna made a phenomenal life for herself, creating films and building dreams, but when someone wants to come into this spotlight, she becomes jealous and outraged. It did not affect the character I wanted to stand or win the Oscars. In combination with the classic background synthesizer from the 80's, an amazing wardrobe on the top and a shifted ending (where did it come from and what happened?) ?? "Anna" slipped far within reach of the amazing cinema. It was a show, an opportunity for an aging star to once again shout at the world. In this case, it worked, but I do not think I'd be cheated again. <br /> <br /> Generally, I can not say that I was impressed by this movie. "Anna" is not a film about an aging film star; concerns Sally Kirkland and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with this story, but he fails because Kirkland will not let him or simply realizes that there is not enough information to support the whole story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing promotes this movie as innovative or influential. Bogayevich did not create a character in which the audience would believe, broke away or sacrificed Sunday afternoon? he created irritation. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who played her a bit exaggerated and crunchy on the sides. Perhaps I missed the scope of this film, but what makes films such as this work is the cooperation of all involved. There was no matter here. In "Anne" Kirkland orders Daniel to behave like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act), and yet during the whole emotional scene I could not help thinking that Kirkland was similar to those on the set. She did not do it in the film, she transformed into her own production, and thus "Anna" failed. Can not I suggest this to anyone? from one Czech to another? Skip it! <br /> <br /> Class: * ½ z ***** (for this unbearable theater scene that scared me)
