This program has some advantages. First of all, the melody of the theme has a decent melody. The exhibition has a nice assumption. Besides, I'm probably in the minority, but I like Wanda. I like that she is caring and more like her mother Timmy. However, despite this I do not like this program, it is not an excrement, but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I would not say that this is the best animated series on Planet Earth. When I use this term for an animated TV show, I'm thinking about Peter Pan and The Pirates, I'm thinking about Darkwing Duck, I'm thinking about Scooby Doo and I'm thinking about Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really likes Wild Thornberrys, and I'm offended by the fact that he's angry with him. I also do not think that Quite Strange Parents is the worst animated program on Planet Earth. I accept that this is annoying, and in a sense overrated, but this is not the worst performance on Nickolodean. This is the Cretaceous zone, god, whose display is impossible to watch. But the worst animated program I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a clue that is primitively animated, unhurried and sincerely shameful. <br /> <br /> One thing I do not like about this program is animation. Characters, forgive me if I offend, I have very strange facial features, and many backgrounds are dull and lack color, which makes Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys so nice. Apart from Wanda, I find the characters very annoying. I can not believe that such a talented actress as Tara Strong (aka Charendoff), said Timmy. Timmy I do not think it's a very nice leading character, it's annoying and sometimes condescending, and also a bad decision maker. And his voice becomes nervous. Actually, I like Strong, but not in this program. Another annoying character is Cosmo, apparently a funny character. Instead, his jokes are as indecent as they could be. They are either a) invented, or b) known. Timmy's parents are horrible characters who do not strike their son in the eye and wear their very thin ones. <br /> <br /> The story is largely unoriginal and I still think where I've seen it before. The episodes after the arrival of the child that I thought were unobservable. It is even worse with scripts, very hilarious, childish, helpless and suffering from total lack of energy. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is not the worst performance in history, but quite bad for fans of animation and quite uncomfortable to sit down. 3/10 - there are features of redemption and I completely understand if people like it. Bethany Cox
