For the first time, I started watching this program probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at that time I was younger and enjoyed some of the jokes in this program. I was 11 years old in 2003 and now I am 14 years old (2007). Although my age probably plays a major role in how I rate this program, after reading reviews of other people, I came to the conclusion that after the third season, this program has gone down in history. I agree. This performance is unpleasant, repetitive and usually focuses on the same story. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who was awarded two Fairy Godparents, because his life was really awful - his parents were never around and he had a nasty babysitter. The story of the whole series is that this kid (Timmy) and his godparents always wish for destruction that can not be prevented by making another wish because something in the "Da Rules" says they can not. The show has many poems that are repeated, like "magic can not break true love, super toilet", and even a few playful poems that Nickelodeon probably thought were funny and decided to enter this episode at different times. <br /> <br /> The show is aimed at children under the age of 10, because it is associated with vulgar situations and "child's humor" that most children of my age would not care about. The choice of the character's voice could also be better. Timmy has an extremely loud, shrill, female voice, like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's dad sounds like some announcer or game show host, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. Attitudes in this program are as follows: in some episodes Timmy speaks back and acts spoiled and snooty. Wanda is clearly clever and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and incapable of thinking, just like Timmy's father. Timmy's mom seems to be doing everything that Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far from reality to get my taste. Maybe as a younger child, I saw more humor in this series, but as I grow up, I really get old. And not to sound decent or "lose", but the program has such a mentality that makes you want to commit murderous activity against heroes. A show like this must be your attitude if you know what I mean. If not, it's essentially disgusting you.
