When I saw the trailer for "Prom Night" for the first time, I must admit that the trailer looked good and it would be a funny horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night yesterday evening and I have to say that I have to grow up because it was such a mocking movie, let alone that I'm so sick and tired of typical horror movies, with loud sounds as an excuse to scare people. There was no tension, characters, how should I care? They had no development, no killer ?! Oh, my God, he was probably the stupidest serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why is a man who (or at least we know it) killed someone earlier, kills a family of girls and friends over whom he's obsessed? I mean, do you intend to kidnap her or kill her? I have no idea, because this movie did not make sense and is too predictable and offensive to real horror fans. <br/> <br /> Donna's family was brutally murdered by her teacher, who became her obsession, he was captured and imprisoned. Three years have passed, and she is only now gaining peace in her life, even going to prom. But the killer escaped and still has Donna on his head, he follows her to the ball, which means bad news for friends, hotel maid and boy from the bell, because it's a good idea to kill the maid and bell boy, so no one will become suspicious enough, to check where your employees are. Donna is in serious trouble, because also this killer who is clearly human, can apparently get home unnoticed and can kill people so quietly, just, wow. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I really wanted to love this movie, we have not had a good slass for a long time, but it was just a stupid movie that I was not impressed with. The situations were unbelievable and the actors unbearable. I know it was a PG-13 movie, but I just love how someone was brutally stabbed with a knife and only got a little blood on the clothes? Not to mention any holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you're a teenager, this movie was made for teenagers, not for adults, not for those who know the real horror, no offense for those who liked the movie, but I do not understand how anyone could . <br /> <br /> 2/10
