"The Hazing" is one of those movies that I've always wanted to see only on the basis of an illustrated cover image here on IMDb. Yes, I am so shallow! I do not care if ten million people call it a nonsense movie, the poster looks amazing, so I think I will have to see it? Now "The Hazing" can be described as an alternative title: interesting! The poster and the title make it sound like a real horror set on campus and has to do with sinister initiation rituals, but this movie is actually more of a cross between comedy and thriller. First of all, something wrong with the slogan on an old VHS box. He says: he had good grades, a good girl and good buddies? until they put it in "Hazing". In fact, it is not. The protagonist Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by a recognized campus thanks to a sports scholarship. It takes more than half of the movie before we even hear about his girlfriend at home and the only "buddy" has a very nervous Charles Martin Smith (still with hair in this movie). Both are asked to join the prestigious "Delts" brotherhood, but during the magic exam Where is the mountain dressed in their neat white panties down? Barney falls off a cliff and breaks his leg When Lewis returns with other brotherhood boys, Barney has already died to death. After returning from a weekend skiing trip, when Barney's body is hidden in In the canteen, Lewis has to hide it so Barney's absence would not look suspicious.The professional blem is that the execution could be much better.The tone is too stable and too serious for a comedy movie, even black, but on the other hand there is no no proper attempts to build up tension and emotion.The soundtrack is cheerful and full of light melodies, but it's not enough for this movie to be edia. About an hour after the film the story ends with a couple and an idea, and the creators have no better alternative to fill the emptiness with romantic compilations of Lewis and his girlfriend from the outside, riding a bicycle around the area. I did not like the last phrase because it is quite unbelievable and because it was done many times before and after (though it is true after all). "The Hazing" is not a total waste of time, but I'm glad that I found a rental tape in a friend's house instead of spending money on a recently released DVD.
