The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. His director, Joe Wright, is the author of the best candidate for the film. The main actor, Robert Downey Jr., played in the highly praised movie of the superhero. Finally, the movie itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously released at the end of 2008, filmmakers and critics were surprised. Now that I've seen it, I assure you that Universal has not only delayed the movie to promote the Iron Man-Oscar humming. Soloist is a weak drama without any external conflict, which would be much worse than any of the best photo candidates from 2009. Joe Wright is largely guilty, but even he can not save the whole story. Many films are too complex and alienates viewers. This one is extremely simple. This is a movie about the reporter, the newspaper Steve Lopez (Downey), who befriends a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). this is it! Ayers is a schizophrenic and does not resonate with Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. Two become friends. They start this movie as friends and finish the BFF. The tension consists of such moments: will Ayers allow Lopez to take him to the homeless shelter? This material would be better suited for television production than for a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright contains many scenes of cheap humor that darken the lack of content. Lopez fights with the raccoon bobbing in the yard, which I consider to be a sub-story. Do you remember when it happened in the Atonement or Duma and prejudice? These films were so structured that they allowed for an occasional joke, but nothing so long. Ayers's tale is developed when it does not have to be. The worst thing is that these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It's a way to admit that the main story has no major appeal. Nathaniel was a wonderful violinist with difficult upbringing (I was also). It is a fabricated attempt to create sympathy for Ayers, when most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenic for loud crying! The film gives a bit of human love to music, like Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as both of these photos. The whole film is based on Ayers' schizophrenia. Ultimately, this is the way it interacts with everyone else. His being a musician is a nice touch, but it is not worth considering. The film does not fully fill this feature into its personality. Take music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs and there will be no movie left. The soloist is more about friendship in general than music. Nathaniel may be a writer or film critic and several dialogue lines will have to be seriously changed. <br /> <br /> This is only Joe Wright's third film, and his first film is not a romance with Keira Knightley. Let us hope that this film does not indicate how limited his skills are. In his earlier works, there is a stylistic bow, but Solista is much weaker than any of them. In his defense, Universal should not agree to the widespread dissemination of this image. This movie seems to be adapted to Imagine Entertainment (Changeling distributors). I would not be so disappointed if it had a limited release. Its poor cash results may prevent better distribution of dramas in the country.
