Prom Night is shot with an artistic eye that someone gives, while precisely creates the original Lifetime movie. You know it. In October, Lifetime takes a break from the brave story of a surviving woman (enter here the name of the disease) to tell a somewhat scary story about a woman chased by a former boy-persecutor. This is dramatic? is it juicy ?? It is extremely boring. He does nothing to develop the genre, tell original story or strive for QUALITY. Prom Night shares this difficult situation. Watching the killer crush his victims, we sit in silence as they fall to the floor without a drop of blood. It occurred to me that he was the cleanest killer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director is working with a fairly handsome killer, so he is forced to pour out camera angles to make him look more frightening. Think about Matthew McConaughey, who comes to you with a knife. You'll probably go? "OH! A good guy will kill me? Naaaa. "Not terrible even for a second, so the director throws Schaech into the shadows and over his shoulder in the mirror. This mirror shot repeats itself until the disease, because it practically becomes the creator's fetish. In this movie you will get 15 horrors, 2 of which caused my date (I can mention that she is afraid of EVERYTHING). I will also mention that she decided to take a nap in the middle of the movie and at one point she threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this movie was not sufficiently fragmented, it seems to be cut into shreds. I am not saying that it seems that the key points remained on the floor of the cutting room when the crew tried to save some semblance of horror; I say that when a movie moves from stage to stage, it often comes to a sharp jump. This kind of thing can be expected when the movie lights up and the projectionist is forced to connect the ends, cross the fingers and hope for the best. The editor should be shot. <br /> <br /> With plot, you can pack two sentences: one stray blood stream, emo killer and the tension of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons", we "have no reason to support the horror this weekend? at least on the big screen. In fact, it is a film that should be punished. Is it really hard to make a scary movie? Was the team even aware that they were making a horror movie? !! Complete waste of mine and your time. I bit a bullet to get this review. Do not let my victim be in vain. DO NOT GO TO FILM !!!
