After inserting this DVD into the player and pressing "play", there will be a short silence and you will see a black screen when the laser is being led to the right starting point in the center of the disc. CHERISH THOM MOMENT. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something like that (preferably PM, so that you can fall asleep), because you will have a huge headache when this movie starts. <br /> <br /> There is a bunch of big girls and the opening, which actually laughed a bit, I thought I would have fun. Sure, the initial sequence was a bit awkward, and most of the jokes fell and it seemed to be a scream ripoff (by the way, my only giggle was from Julie Strain's last commentary in this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening sequence had a horrible rock song. During this awful rock song, I went through the titles of the DVD chapter and saw things that said, "TOP REAL TYPE!" and "BETTER THAN SEX!" I knew what the purpose of selling this movie would be. <br /> <br /> And this is a sad truth: The only good thing in this film is the attractive cast. In addition, this is unfortunately a routine film that casts an "innovative" concept for murder clubs, which is ultimately false anyway. So the whole movie shows a different direction to try to be confused and this huge secret, but it's all just not interesting and leaves you feeling that you do not care about any of the characters. I mean, when the main character of the movie is murdered by an innocent woman, do you really feel ANY love for her when she is afraid for her life? The Scream's influence is common all over the world, with a face killer and some really awful jokes. We also treat the scenes of the main character talking to mom and dad (Lloyd Kaufman, the only other cool part of the movie!) About abortion or something like that. Uh. Yes ... This is not a "yes-bad-is-good" movie, it's just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared it to the Troma movie, but ... you know, most of the movies it's from Full Moon (or its branches, as shown in this movie) are awful. NOT TERRIBLE in the sense of Troma - I have seen many Troma movies and I can honestly say that they all offer something, EVERYTHING, with which you can leave and tell your friends later. However, this movie is not pleasant. Beware.
