The killer, dressed in a plastic white mask and black coat, kills friends of the Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone opened his former employer from the crotch to the chest. Perhaps the psychopath is a newly employed Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, raven-haired beauty with an uneasy family past, harassed nightmares. Shawn and his friends are joking with Maddy, in connection with the alleged murder club, in which they began to randomly choose victims to kill. When Maddy accidentally murders a woman in a garage because of her car being dumped by her, she discovers that Shawn's buddies were tearing at her chain. But Shawn and his companions are concerned about Maddy's admission of murder and consideration of transforming her into appropriate authorities. Deciding on the final decision, each member will fall victim to psycho-white masked, and Maddy suspect, given the fact that she has already killed. Is there anyone else behind these murders? Low-budget slasher, executive producer of the Charles Band, with murders that are not convincing. Plenty of exhibits and foolish character Allen Nabors Chris can entertain people with low expectations. The murders include opening the stomach with the intestines shown, a sliced ​​neck, an electric cord thrown into the pool, a woman who had a day to escape, an ax buried in the back of a male victim, and on top of everything, the couple are strangled with a rope during their culmination of sex (... for additional effect, the killer uses the socket key breaker rod as an additional lever to twist the rope as tight as possible, slamming their necks). There are enough holes to drive a truck, for example, why Maddy has nightmares about murders that she did not commit, how she could have killed someone so violently (... with blood all over her body), ending waking up in bed without leaving something at the crime scene, which would have easily entangled her, and how Shawn could have gone that long, allowing her to continue working in the company, despite what she said about the murder she had committed and the constant desire to join an alleged club that did not do it. t exists. <br /> <br /> What worried me the most was the desire for a movie to somehow sympathize with the woman who wanted to join the club after killing someone, and later announced that it was an accident. The film builds Maddy as a potential psycho because of her past. Her family renounced her for an abortion. It has darkening and always ends the crime scenes properly after the fact. In many slasherach, the one who seems the most likely killer is often a red herring, but this movie comes out of the way to point Maddy's finger. When the turn of the action appears, we leave Maddy cheering, but we know she is not in her head. This is a difficult sale for this stick. It looks great in the shirt of the men's army. And Rochon is not afraid to breathe his puppies. Low-budget horror fans will have the opportunity to see the iconic favorite of Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic mother who preaches against what Maddy did, calling her killer as beloved producer of Troma, Lloyd Kaufman. wisely protect the daughter he really cares about. The cult mermaid Julie Strain has a small cameo showing her tits (of course) when the opening murdered a man's girlfriend, crushing her head with a hammer. Oh, and check out the office where Shawn works, you'll see a lot of Full Moon posters and artworks scattered around the walls.
