One of the most common entries in the "goofs" category is anachronism. Although I start to believe that anachronism and other stupidities are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good films, but are in the foreground and in the center of rotten movies. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten film and reeks of anachronism, but when I watch it carefully, I have found almost nothing especially anachronistic. <br /> <br /> The pictures of the planes that save the film are certainly out of place. The big 4-engine transport after the title "Honolulu 1944" seems to be the post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). Combat aircraft that took off from the aircraft carrier at the end were Douglas Skyraiders who entered service after the Second World War and became famous thanks to their service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But with the exception of these two films and, of course, hairstyles, everything else is very likely. It's just "bad". I am a devotee of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his joint concert on the town (1949), at the end of the police car driving 1949/50 Ford does not have the slightest impression that this is out of place in the movie from the Second World War. In fact, as I later pondered, there is nothing that says it is supposed to be a movie from the Second World War. It just feels like that. Based on the Fancy Free, a ballet based musical war that could be based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), is a great movie about sailors on the 24-hour crossing in New York and so heavy with associations from the war, he assumed that this was happening during the war, and yet these modern cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is old Cary Grant. Although it is much too old to represent the Navy SBD dive bomber pilot, it is a Hollywood tradition in which stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig) and Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) play younger. It was the role he was wrong in, not his age. The operator's game, as they called them. The guy who does things and breaks all the rules, while doing so, remains admired and loved for it. Hustler. Wheel dealer. Form de rigueur in the service comedy. Grant is a comic center of what will eventually be a service comedy that is contrary to his comedy style. <br /> <br /> Thinking about Grant's big comic performances, such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944), and a great reactor whose comedy is to be reduced by its context, from dignity to a dazed puddle neutral jelly. At KISS, it is expected to be a comic spark plug that is not. People have already been exposed to this type, most recently to the comic Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. This role will be further improved by James Garner, but here Grant is simply not funny and seems to be a brutal aggressor who aggressively pushes his Cary Grantness, instead of inducing and finessing. <br /> <br /> But the thing that really stinks the place with an anachronism is a leading woman. There can be more women echt 50s than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique for a decade. Marilyn Monroe can be put on the continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of stupid blondes, and Grace Kelly was another high-quality lady (think of Mary Astor), but she could never be an anatomically exaggerated woman in movies like Mansfield. Sure there were "girls with sweaters" (eg Lana Turner) from World War II, but Mansfield stretched the point. Suzy Parker was a model that revolutionized the model, which changed the pose of the mannequins, becoming the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957), also Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the style of the 1950s, it seems that there are a lot of sexual mixing on "wild" parties, but there is never any sign of sex (think about the 50's TV programs "Bachelor Father" or "The Bob Cummings Show", where men in men jackets only returned from "dates"). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as Broadway play at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation had to be unavoidable for today's readers and audience, but spoiled, twisted and recreated a dozen years later and deadly badly received, remains a once-forgotten stain on example careers until the invention of a VCR and cable television has revived this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is goof "will be ignored in a great movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane says" Rosebud "?) and tolerated in a funny dream like WESTWORLD (why in general robots had live ammunition?), but absolutely despised by a rotten movie, even if fools really do not exist.
