In the dubious version of Mel Brooks' comedy "Wholly Moses!" He tries to take the biblical story of Moses and make fun of it, causing the most dangerous biblical parody ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real conspiracy here, just excuses to make unforgettable comedic talent in guaranteed roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus trip around the Holy Land, when they come across an ancient cave scroll. There, they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life resembles Moses. " He was sent by the river to be found by the Pharaoh's family at the same time as Moses was. Herschel's father, deceased, James Coco, becomes a slave to Herschel after Herschel is saved by the creators of idols and works as a sculptor. Finally, Herschel comes to work for Pharaoh as an astronomer, is exiled and ends his protection over the sheep of Moses. Herschel and Moses are brothers who marry their sisters, and Herschel thinks that God chose him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Word of God, but Herschel misunderstood. I will stop here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... in any case, the rest of the movie is a series of poorly written scenes involving Moore and actors who create "special performances". These scenes do not drive the plot forward, they bring a small story to a crushing detention. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford is playing a tailor. DeLuise's house may have three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, giving only the same line readings he gave in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a false blind "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn should be, she was going to Herschel and she had about one and a half minutes of time on the screen. John Ritter plays a very unpalatable devil. Richard Pryor has one scene as a pharaoh, but of course he was filmed at a different time than Moore's scene because they do not appear together on the screen! In the end, Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt after seeing the destruction of Nowa Soda, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and passes them on to Moses, who basks in all glory. In the final scenes, the writer decides to save this shallow movie, telling Herschel to bring God to a fight. God goes away as a mighty rogue who led Herschel around for his own entertainment, speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda quip, "God works in a mysterious way," thus justifying the very non-Christian behavior of all people. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. He does not laugh anywhere. At least Monty Python made fun of the many-established religious pillars in Brian's Life, in addition to their dubious look at Jesus' life, but here the humor is made up of poo jokes and figures constantly bumping into their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. Church students will be offended not by the attitude of the film to religion, but by the satisfaction of the film, which is impressed by its own hoitytoityness (I know, not a word) about a topic of which they obviously know nothing. "Completely Moses!" Is completely evil and a shame for everyone involved. I suggest to read a book instead. <br /> <br /> This is rated (PG) for some physical abuse, profanity, sexual references and the situation of adults.
