What a complete piece of rubbish. Regardless of when the action of the film revolves around planes, one would think that the screenwriters / producers / director (or EVERYONE!) Would have done a little homework for at least a few details. The bugs were so glaring that I got angry at the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I'm glad that I missed the SR-71 sequence - it was definitely worse than the "Air Force One" F-117 performance. Commercial airlines usually have their logo on planes instead of BOEING 747? probably (cheap) use of some of Boeing's advertising / advertising materials by the director. Exposed cabling connected with wire nuts is at best mediocre for home cabling, and the more wiring avionics of aircraft worth many millions of dollars. Airplanes such as 747 rely solely on pressure, not on the supply of oxygen by the ship in order to maintain breathing air, and if they were in the form of onboard power, the canister would be much larger than the size of the fist. The medical tape is not a suitable replacement for a threaded hose connection. It was F-16, NOT F-15. Mach 1+ (speed of sound) would be difficult to achieve when the static engine is running for take-off (see speed indicator). The "standard formation" is simply keeping the formation within one nautical mile, forming the "route" is what they were flying - it is not the most useful formation to capture. "The acquisition of a rocket lock" is unlikely to draw the attention of an aircraft pilot - they do not have radar detections or remedies. "Wait for my signal" is not communication between flights in order to prepare to launch anything. The expansion from the opening of the door in flight is not the basis for the immediate steep left bank. Calling to the headset does not cause its transmission. Magnetic headers are given as "headers", not "bearings", and the headings are in the range from 001 to 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like compasses on the ground!), So left turn (not "port"?) From "Bearings" from 618 to 502 is simply stupid. In most cases, it is simply impossible to "turn the yoke to the left until the right course is achieved"? such things will result in 360-degree rolls until the yoke is centered again. The probability that the flight attendant will immediately find and successfully activate the autopilot is only slightly greater than the probability that a jet airplane will actually land. Airplanes do not stop immediately after the throttle is pulled back, and 747 have more than one small lever to control the multi-engine thrust. The dampers are lowered incrementally, usually just before and immediately after the extension of the chassis, not seconds before landing (a good way to collide). Wheel brakes are required to stop the aircraft, simply pulling the throttle (this time a different lever in the film) to idle will only allow you to descend from the end of the runway at a slower speed. Did I mention that these fighter planes were F-16 and NOT F-15? I'm guessing yes? And that's what I remember from the recent viewing of this terrifying movie.
