French director Jean Rollin is not known for great films, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons. One of the most confusing things in this production is the title. For a director known for directing erotic movies about lesbian vampires; you can expect a movie with the word "naked" in the title to be particularly naked; but in reality, there are not too many nudity. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothing; we have an embarrassing story about a man who wants to unblock the secret of immortality, a young woman whose affliction can be the key and the cult of suicides who can not do much. The film begins with a promising sequence in which a young girl is taken away by a mysterious group of people in masks under the watchful eye of a young Frenchman who is also the son of an important man. Through her investigation, she quickly discovers that this woman is not just a lady and when she delves into worship; he discovers that he can not be killed with bullets, he drinks blood and can not come out in the daylight ... it sounds to me like a clear case of vampirism. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin maintains a fantastic atmosphere throughout the movie, but it is not interesting because the plot is so badly made. It is possible to keep up with what is happening, but only because there are so many other films that follow similar threads to it. The director seems to know that he also broke the conspiracy, because the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the public. Finally, there is a phrase; but without it, the movie would be better. It seems to me that it was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a bit original, but it comes to light as an attempt at such a frenzy, rather than a logical continuation of this story. The photos are quite shapely, with a lot of storyline taking place in appropriately Gothic places. The girls on the deck complete a nice picture, and what is missing from the Rollin film in logic and consistency is to a certain extent compensated by the style. He was defending the film in 1969; which explains the lack of shakes a bit, but I can not recommend this movie because it does not have much to say about it, which is worth considering.
