This review may contain several SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought they did not make them so bad, come Rae Dawn Chong as a space vixen and Willie Nelson as Native Americans! It's even worse if you take into account that these two are BETTER aspects of "Starlight", a movie that should only be seen for laughter. <br /> <br /> Chong is an alien sent to Earth to find the only remaining half-breed, partly male and partly alien. Apparently the Earth is in serious trouble. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity and within a few decades the world will be transformed into a polluted wasteland. Only by copying the DNA of a semi-breed, a polite alien race can save the planet. Do not ask me how it is because the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution that is caused by people. You would think that the Earth can be saved only by getting rid of polluting creatures, not saving them! In any case, half-race turns out to be Billy Wirth, a man living in a small southwestern city and being an indigenous American from his mother's line, even though his mother is a Caucasian redhead and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Was not that malarkey that made the bombastic bomb Carmen Electra "The Chosen" so removed? Chong arrives at her ship when Wirth almost drowns after riding a motorcycle into the lake in a fit of recklessness resulting from a break with her girlfriend. Before you can say the word "hogwash", Chong reveals his secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreads the word in the Wirth family. Chong also makes buddies with his mother, Wirth, who has lost several bullets over the years. That's because Father Wirth was an alien who abandoned her. Of course, he is the standard alien villain who conveniently chose the time to come to Earth for Wirth so that he could use Wirth's DNA to make people on Earth slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempt to use his telepathic powers and grasp Wirth sucks most of the time on the screen and is the worst scene in the movie. Not only are they boring, but they are scenes where you can easily see the flub. <br /> <br /> Ideas can be cool on paper, but they are treated here with the greatest foolishness, especially in the aforementioned scenes with a rogue. But the effects are the bane of the film. The opening scene includes Chong on her spaceship, communicates with her supervisor, someone we do not see, but Chong communicates through a vat that emits pink light. They do not use spoken words but telepathy, so we are treated for subtitles. The problem is that both the Chong's and the supervisor's inscriptions look the same, and the director does not give any clues as to which of them really "speak" at any given moment, which makes the whole conversation just mumble. The space ship is the worst effect that came out of Hollywood on this side of the Ed Wood movie. Usually, I am gentle to the effects when I'm dealing with a low-budget movie like this one, but these effects have really come to me. The most offensive was the simplest: a false night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that they almost sound like a dial tone. Above all, there are times when Chong tells someone that he comes from the Pleiades, and we get a shot of seven stars. The thing is, the seven stars occupy about half of the night sky in the movie, but every observer knows that the Pleiades are a cluster of stars between the constellations Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not take up much space in the sky at all. These effects are so bad that your jaw hangs lower and lower with every moment. Be careful, because in the final it will go straight through the floor, when the effects will make Willie Nelson turn into a human spotlight. . . Oh, you have to see it to believe it! <br /> <br /> Starlight, bright star; The last star I see tonight; I would like to be able to, I would like to be able to; you do not have to watch this trash anymore. <br /> <br /> Zantara score: 1 in 10.
