I realize that putting the novel on the big screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about this really awful adaptation. <br /> <br /> You've read "Wise Blood?" This is an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about noon, like no other. She was a southerner, a devout Catholic and an extremely talented writer. In her first novel, she created a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith, doubt and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and surprising equality. Characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the rural south, but I can assure you that there are such people. Not only do they exist, they are people with families, feelings and worries, like everyone else. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - she did not burn those fanatical backwoods - she saw in them the beautiful action of what she would call "grace" ... even in the most violent, disturbing and crazy circumstances. Reading the "Wise Blood" should be washed with a sense of terrifying and impending doom. Finally, I think long and hard about our judgments and prejudices - our entire worldview. <br /> <br /> Nothing comes out of John Huston's adaptation of "Gilligan Island". No. It's a farce. A bad farce. The whole film is saturated with hauteur, which turns the stomach. Acting is weak, southern accents are false and offensive. The filmmakers have no insight into the thinking of religious southerners. Ms O'Connor's intense prose is limited to looking at gags and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mix of stupidity of hay and cheeseball-style electronics, Clockwork Orange, which does not fit the story or even the FILM. I got a free admission to this movie and almost came out. Really, really terrible. <br /> <br /> By the way, I do not agree with the religious views of Mrs. O'Connor, and when I grew up in the deep south, I went north and I did not look back. But noon is a beautiful place full of fascinating people (like any other place on earth) and a grotesque mockery with which southerners and their attitudes are treated in this film in the offensive. If you are offended (which I am not), then this movie is definitely crossing the line. <br /> <br /> I do not like talking about nonsense about the artist's work - John Huston was a man who I did not know and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented filmmaker, as evidenced by his respected place in film history. My views are clearly skewed after reading (and adoring) the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I'm not saying that I come from a different perspective. Maybe as a standalone film, it works for moviegoers. But for fans of Flannery O'Connor - and I can add that for respectable southerners and open specimens of all stripes - this movie is a waste of time.
