The film is steeped in religion, so you can not separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film pretends to investigate deep problems, but it is based on stereotypes and prejudices; with a small real view. What people in the film (and therefore the writer) did not see was what grace was. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and is the creator of passion and sexual satisfaction in the proper context of marital bonds. To suggest that people in the society in which history is based, think that nudity is sinful, and that both a man and a woman enjoying a marriage act are dirty, it is simply a simplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, because even the Jewish scriptures clearly speak of a caring husband who will look for pleasure for his wife before her. The magazine says that a man should love his wife as his own body and that no one ever hates his body, but nourishes and nourishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, writers and characters completely ignore the fact that there are passages, such as Solomon's Song in the Old Testament, and even Proverbs, which says: "Rejoice in the wife of your youth, let her breasts always please you" ! How can this be read in a different way than God knows, approve and smile at marriage and his joy? Real men do not ignore the values ​​and needs of their wives. Those who refuse very basic teachings of the Judeo-Christian religion. God NEVER said these things. It's absurd. Sonia rebelled because of the misuse of the teachings of the true God Abraham. It did not have to be like this. So sad. Sonia desperately needed PRAVDA, not tradition. Knowing, loving and listening to God, we love others more; in front of you. This is the faith of God Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph; once delivered to Saints for ever; bought and paid for by Jesus Christ, the Righteous. But all right, ignore it all and leave the ancient scripture and turn to the wisdom of homeless people and ghosts. It's a good plan. I would never recommend this movie; partly because sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because they do not really offer valuable insight. Check "Yentl" if you want to see much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition in conflict with society.
