I am so terrified with this document. I am deeply ashamed and embarrassed by the way the Puertoricans were presented. This document did not concern the Puertoricans culture. It was about Nuyoricans culture. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the people of Puerto Rico. Before you make a documentary, Rosie, you have to do the research. You must also check and make sure that your sources are reliable. Puerto Ricans are not all loud and have a class, which was missing from the document. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie in sight and Rosie at Martha Stewart, I was very excited about watching. I even took care to inform my parents because they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how the document crashed the United States and made Puerto Ricans look like a group of guinea pigs. You must visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third world country in which more than 50% of the population live in poverty. Puerto Rico has universities and well-known universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, shopping centers (the largest Kmart and JCPenney I have ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), Casinos, churches, agriculture, and auto Expresso and restaurants, just to name a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population is. Puerto Rican culture concerns family, music, food, celebration and attempts to move forward rather than backwards. Oh, and new cousins ​​are not jumping out of place. No, this is not a Puerto Rican thing, it's a ghetto affair. We are not bastards. Puertorican parents who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a family trip so they can see first hand what Puerto Rico is all about. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please, do not show them this document, because it will only blur their minds negatively. Oh, and please, do not tell your American friends to look at this document, because it will only make the Puertorican people look ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Yes, let you know!
