You must respect this movie. It can be "just a stupid movie for children", but it is the most-chosen movie title on online film forums, for which people who remember the story remember, but do not remember the title. Therefore, there is a much-needed, detailed description of the plot below, because I have not been able to find such a description anywhere else on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical two-story house is shown in the suburbs. Seven-year-old Bridget talks about the suspicion that something is happening because she and her 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's gift is a stuffed penguin, which is immediately called Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, an overbearing grandmother looking after her grandmother, Grams a cuddly grandmother who makes dolls from socks, and her brother Andrew, who's in electronics and grumpy. Grams accidentally hangs up with the lieutenant-governor, which indicates that he is disturbed by his family life. Two children are eating breakfast while adults are talking about moving Grams to a nursing home. Bridget makes a terrible-looking sandwich with pancakes, containing cereal, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, as Andrew looks in disbelief. Two children then discuss the Grams, and Andrew says straightforward that Grams is "exposed to pasture." Bridget talks to Grams in the attic, arranges tea with Sweet William in her bedroom, and then a vivid doll pops up from the mirror in the bedroom. <br /> <br /> Bridget and a live doll get to know each other. A female doll with curly hair is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hides under the wash when Bridget's mother arrives, and then the mother drops the laundry into the washing machine with Huggins. Bridget rescues Huggins and dries her with a hair dryer. They talk about the age problem of Grams and the need to move, Huggins says that Bridget could talk about it with the book mole in Huggaland because he knows everything. They go through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes is stuck in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking with one shoe, Bridget has no shoes at Huggaland. They meet Hugsy immediately, a curly, live boy in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy a baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song while sitting on the bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins to his hugwagon to see the book mole who lives on top of a pile of gigantic books. The bookworm consults with the "old encyclopedia" and discovers that old age can be cured by eating the "berry tree" fruit. However, there is only one such tree in the country of Shrugs, ruled by the crazy queen of quartz. The only way to reach Shrugs is to jump from a deep hole in a nearby giant book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and two dolls will swallow three times, jump off the hole and leave. Soon they descend along a side sidewalk, hear the sea of ​​breaking glass and fall off the sidewalk when lateral gravity ends. They encounter a "hairy behemoth" who looks like a mastodon, has four fangs and breathes fire from the trunk. But Hugsy boldly approaches and hugs the behemoth, which in this way turns into a baby elephant named Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was under the queen's charm and he owes Hugsy a favor, so everyone goes back to Hodgepodge. They enter the castle, they are surrounded by troll-like creatures, the Queen (Queen Admiral) comes and Bridget asks for a few berries. The queen refuses, and then eats one for herself and boasts of her young, good appearance, looking in the mirror. The Hodgepodge faints when the queen says she should be "digested". The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that the wicked witches should have warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders three others to the dungeon. But the queen carelessly leaves the key to the cupola of the berry tree next to the castle to the dome lifting device. <br /> <br /> The Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses his "pasta" (trunk) to pull the prison door down, thus freeing himself and the two dolls. They state that Bridget is stoned, dolls squeeze her, which makes Brygida revive. Before they escape, Bridget finds the left key to the berry tree dome, lifts the dome and selects some glowing berries and puts them in a jar. The queen catches them, but the queen's arm is trapped under a dome dome, reaching for the key that Bridget left on the ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old, because she is deprived of youthful berries and seems to be dying. Soon Bridget goes through the mirror to his bedroom, but stumbles over the bottom of the mirror, spilling the berries onto the floor, and the berries quickly disappear into the smoke, one by one. The mother calls her and Andrzej to say goodbye to Grams, who is going to a nursing home. Andrew drops his usual grumpy facade and hugs Gramy, telling her that he loves her and that he does not want her to leave. Their father is moved and decides to keep Grams in the end, and everyone hugs and cries, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person pushing Grams to move out. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget about his St. Louis Cardinals hat, Bridget begins to explain how she handed her over to Hugginson from Huggaland, but Andrew does not listen to what she believes is her fantastic stories, so he turns to look for her in his bedroom. One of the dolls secretly puts his hat through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts his hat on Andrew's head, Andrew is surprised and leaves his bedroom, saying nothing. Bridget waving happily to the mirror.
