I had high hopes for it when I heard it was created in 2001 because I read "Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a kid and found it very interesting. They introduced some changes in history that do not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in this story was a famous lawyer from New Hampshire in this story. In the film, he is an editor. The lawyer makes more sense because he ends up representing Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in history, but he was a woman in the film) in a process in which both their souls are on the line. As an editor, it seems unlikely that Daniel Webster would be able to do so. <br /> <br /> Acting was decent except for Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. It's the two actors I like, they just did a terrible job in this movie. It looked as if they thought they were playing comedy, but the movie was more serious than comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was filmed with a view to a specific vision, and then it was re-edited by someone else. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was consistent at all. I was surprised to see a large number of SNL cast members in the film, which makes me believe that it could have been originally made with the intention of making it more comedy. <br /> <br /> All in all I have to say that it was not completely horrible, but it was not very good. If I could get back an hour and a half and do something else with it, I would do it. The ending was particularly disappointing. Just like in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the process. Jabez starts from the beginning of the movie ... literally, we just go back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie ends abruptly. It was as if they were just recreating Jabez's first scene and calling it the end. There is no indication that Jabez has any knowledge or experience he has gained, so who said he did not repeat his mistakes again, and maybe over and over again in an infinite loop? It was a very disappointing end and it did not make much sense. A decent cast and action by all, with the exception of Baldwin and Aykroyd, are the only things that prevent this total and complete nonsense.
