Was it a comedy or a drama? I start with this question because the film I've witnessed, the Hollywood Shuffle, was neither funny nor rather dramatic. While he was trying so hard, due to the lack of definition (comedy or drama), clever motives and insights were lost. Although I am convinced that there is too much racial profiling in Hollywood, even today I do not believe that Townsend's directorial debut did much to stop him. Instead, I feel that it has added more fuel to the fire. Comic timing of Townsend in this movie was catastrophic, because the elements from which he had to laugh instead promoted and vice versa. The parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed by the weak lack of a funny comedy. Townsend had a decent idea with this film, but unfortunately the realization is what ultimately hurt the film. If you watch the preview before the movie (which I constantly do), you will immediately get a bad impression of what you see. The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent, comic movie that prides itself on viewers' intelligence, but the film can not be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it lacks elaboration); this is Townsend's direction. He had a great idea with this movie. Use Hollywood that uses our race. A decent idea, but why could not he do it well? First of all, his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of this movie was like watching a heart attack on a hospital monitor, we're literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Townsend had a lot to say, but only for a short time to do so. So instead of defining your heroes, developing themes and actually creating an intelligent movie, you just throw it all together and prays that it works. Unfortunately, it is not. Instead of an intelligent comedy, we have a set of so many ideas, comedy skits and underestimated actors that this film passes from decent to almost unobtainable. Most hurts Townsenda is his short, attempt to be funny, breaks throughout the movie. From the fight against the villain, known as Jerry Curl, to the parody of Siskel and Ebert, Townsend's attempt to entertain themselves when talking about the film industry, it weakens. This is because these small intermittent skits actually divert attention from the focal point of the film and actually destroy internally. While Townsend seems to try to make fun of life in Hollywood, he simply combines with every stereotype and stereotype in the book. What could have been a beautiful satire is transformed into a mere humor that never stands out from the rest. <br /> <br /> So if you do not laugh at the humor of this story, maybe there is some consolation that some Wayans brothers are nearby to help spice up this boring story. WRONG! The Wayans are in this movie, but Townsend demonstrates that he has the possibility of even the worst even in this entertainment family. We clearly see in the moments preceding In Living Color that the comedy was something that required constant improvement. Perhaps it was Townsend's direction, or maybe this horrible story, but these typically funny comics were of course underappreciated and ignored when the critics came to this film. I thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to get out of this Hollywood Shuffle, it would be a fun, bright and real blow to this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was none of the above. <br /> <br /> At the end I would like to say that it was a film that could be realized. There were some moments (while they were few and very distant) that made me smile and the end product just did not suit me. Townsend can be fun, but in this movie he just felt like he was playing against himself instead of through his personal experiences and troubles. I realize that he probably spoke the truth, but it never happened. Instead, we go through a weak story that supports idiotic flash clips that could work on a sitcom, but it certainly did not work in this movie. Even for those who comment that it was his directorial debut and that he is learning this movie, I would have to disagree. If you start with a fresh one, be in suspense or on specific topics. Townsend had none of them, and in combination with the inability to control his actors he simply failed in the fireball. <br /> <br /> In general, it was rather disappointing. It reminded me of the primary school of Spelling Bee, where it's time to write your child. The word is difficult, but when the first two to three letters appear, you think it works perfectly, but there is also a random "P" and a silent "R" that forces your excitement to fall. That's how I felt about the Hollywood Shuffle. At the beginning I saw the potential, I saw the motif and motif of the image, but through the vague and inexperienced technique and after the first few scenes I experienced this deep feeling of falling. Townsend has sunk his own ship and I do not think the Hollywood Shuffle will ever be submerged again as the key moment of Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Class: * with *****
