After the live, predictable opening scene of the bank, "Set It Off" drops straight into the gutter and continues to sink. It is a film that deals with unpleasant, worn stereotypes instead of heroes, unreasonable manipulation instead of coherent conspiracy and a hideous cocktail of animating sentimentality and unjustified violence instead of thought, wit, or feeling. In short, it does not differ from 90% of the Hollywood product. But it's the racial angle that makes "Set It Off" a particularly sad example of contemporary film making. The film, which is a holiday of "sistahood", is in fact the holiday of the most virulent forms of denigration of the American "gangsta" Aficana stereotype. The trick this time is that gangsters have resistance. The film not only suggests that gangsterism is the default identity for all Afro-Americans tied to cash or feeling a little embarrassed by Man, he presents his sistas as shallow materialists who reward money and bleed above everything else. To make matters worse, "Set It Off" uses the motive of racial discrimination and disadvantage as a tool to maintain its weak plot structure. Serious social problems associated with races are fought in an elaborate and opportunistic way to justify a robbery with a gun in hand, and then they are abandoned, as soon as the film has to lead to the inevitable conventional ending in which the crime is punished, it turns out that a handful of caring, accused of feeling guilty of liberals (say to Rodney King), and the aspiring "good" sista, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of mobility up from the "hood" and to the world of indulgence of the middle class, the boy-bank manager from buppie opened to her . "Set It Off" illustrates the terrible condition of contemporary blaxploitation film, plunging into thoughtless, gangster stereotypes and pretending that it celebrates life in the hood, at the same time all the time despising it. While people such as "Shaft" and "Superfly" in the seventies could spread stereotypes and change guessed threads, they had freshness, energy and innocence that hit the public of all races and still make them enjoy the watch. "Set It Off" would not be worth the wrath if it were not a sign of the tragic fall and ghettoization of African-American film productions from the promising breakthrough days of the early nineties.
