I saw the second part yesterday. And I have to say it was better than the first one. At the beginning I realized that it was actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like old films and the Galactica series, because the cylindons saw the toasters (as mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless to the old galactic. This movie changes sides - people were harmless, but the whole movie was completely chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example the story of a "computer expert" - completely nonsense. If I was a screenwriter, I would leave him dying in his house, killed by a chunk. And evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if it was bombed by 50 megaton (why exactly 50 MT ??), it would be killed by radiation. And how is it possible that a large Cylon fleet was completely hidden from the attack? Oh, it's probably this computer virus, created by Cilon - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old boy from school. The good part of the movie is that people have finally been defeated !! Really defeated, the population is approaching extinction (children die - twice express in the film: 1st child !!! maybe one month and a girl of up to ten years of age - what a violent ...). And bad donkeys have won and I think for the first time in such a movie about the fight for science fiction galaxies. I also appreciate the construction of the cilons (not just the humanoid cylinder :-) a good job with these ships - I like designing ships through both of them - human and cylindrical. Human ships are never a good version of the old ones. And galaktica - really pretty with these docks, I liked it. But that's all, only the design is not enough. Acting was really bad, the whole plot was expected (only two things are not - human Cylon on ragnardocks and human cylon on the end). Dialogues were trivial (and in Slovak madness only stupid, but this is not the film's fault). The whole movie looked like a pilot movie to the series, but who would make such series? What is going on? One star for the second project for the near extinction of humanity.
