This movie is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. Boxed art for video sells it as a "funny twist" to giant 50's error movies. In fact, it is a transparent ripping with Aliens' beer. <br /> <br /> Manufacturers clearly wanted to take a picture of "ALIEN", but they could not have much money. In fact, it does not look like they have any money, really. I hope everyone got paid, who worked on this thing. <br /> <br /> The basic plot is preserved - a group of people isolated with a murdering insect-eating creature - and, I suppose, the place with the ground was inserted for budgetary reasons. Instead of putting a movie in space where no one hears you screaming, they film a movie in a hospital where everyone can see how your budget is uncovered. Funny in "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one funny thing in all of this) is that the filmmakers did not abandon the aesthetics of "ALIEN". Despite the fact that we are in a hospital, we still have an incredibly cavernous annex in which science fiction experiments are carried out, in this case the venerable "department" of growth hormone. The annex also serves as a boiler room (or something like that), so we can explain to the monster who is looking for heat. The boiler room is so large that it is equipped with multi-level steel piers, ideal for allowing sludge to be dripped between the slats. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse is attacked by a falling flower from a rare imported plant growing in an exotic place. He touches him and says, "Ow," so we know he was wounded. Slashing on his finger causes him to lose consciousness in a few minutes, and in the hospital he gives birth to a white worm through his mouth (I think that in the picture "ALIEN" it is called a "stick"?). The worm is isolated, but some naughty small children (patients with leukemia) sneak up to it and "accidentally" give it some experimental growth hormone. You know that everybody is in trouble when some adulterous hospital workers are attacked by a camera on the crane, and soon a maintenance person will find a few obligatory cocoons before being caught by a pair of partially convincing insect arms. The rest of the movie is dominated by a half-screen monster, partially obscured by the twilight. <br /> <br /> Which brings us back to "ALIEN". How, as you ask, can a movie in a hospital contain all flashing strobe lights that are always in the movies "ALIEN"? No problem ... a power outage (or something like that) causes an electrical system failure, which apparently causes blooming of strobe lights in every hospital room and flickering constantly throughout the movie. It is also a comfortable coat for smaller than special effects (although the bugs look nice, do not move very well, and the worm looks lovely like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what "ALIEN" bases were not covered by us ... OH, the water runs down the walls! Check ... we will divide the huge hospital into two parts, and then we will send some characters through the damp, dripping cellar to get to the other side. Solved the problem, we now have the chance to shoot many of the "sinister tunnel". And do not forget about the fog ... well, you never really need an excuse in horror movies, right? OK, maybe inside the hospital that you do, so we'll create smoke by many sparkling and smoking things. <br /> <br /> I did not say anything about a negligible activity, not about actors, any kind of script to follow. I take this into account that "Blue Monkey" was supposed to be light and fun, and if so, it's a nice rehearsal, but the songs do not come together and the film ends with real resistance. See the movie "Return of the aliens: deadly spawn" if you want to see a movie of this type that does it well, with even less money and even more marginal acting talent. This falls flat on ALIEN.
