* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * take place at the turn of the 19th and 20th century in the Pacific Northwest. In the wet, muddy mining camp John McCabe (Warren Beatty hirsut) arrives, full of smoke from cigars and great ideas for building a proper salon / brothel for the city, abounding in the trio of the funniest sluts in film history. He also has an undeserved gunman's reputation: too shy to publicly advertise, but he is not afraid to use it to confirm among alpha residents. And so he recruits boys to build their saloon at a rate of 15 cents per hour. <br /> <br /> It looks like it's quite an unfortunate operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) shows up on a surprising device that the semi-railway car, half-car (where did Altman find it?). Mrs. Miller immediately accepts McCabe as a business partner, with the aim of classifying the new partner into the appropriate whores and insisting that all visitors take a bath before entering. Noting that McCabe does not know how to add, she also insists on account servicing. It is not clear what the McCabe function will be. <br /> <br /> The plot gets thicker when a couple of fat mining representatives appear in the city and offers McCabe to buy it for five thousand. McCabe tells them to turn themselves off - holding fifteen thousand. The company considers the negotiations to be unpalatable, so they hire three killers to simply kill McCabe. . . although the way they think they can escape the murder of a man in broad daylight in the city center is as vague as the McCabe function in the mayor's partnership. (Speaking of this huge hole on the plot based on the fact that the locals will be too scared to talk, do not cut off the mustard, if you consider that any money offered by the local marshal would be tempting.) <br /> <br /> * McCabe and Mrs Miller *, supposedly the "classic cinema of the seventies", should be much better than they really are. The film tells a pretty good story; the main characters can be interesting. There are several striking scenes, especially about what looks like a 14-year-old killer from the cold. But it's really hard to enjoy a movie when it's difficult to hear what someone is saying and when it's hard to see what someone is doing. Once again, this director kidnapped his own film with pure laziness in the barn and sloppiness. According to a curiosity on IMDb, the movie editor grabbed Altman for a muddy sound; Altman disagreed; and when everyone said the sound was cloudy after the movie's premiere, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the movie has a horrible look. Only Robert Altman can employ a world-class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and shoot a movie that looks like it has sprayed the camera lens with dirty water. Reviewers who praise the "dark brown glow" of this painting have GOT to make me joke. The interiors are shot by something that seems like dark scum. The outside photography is even worse: as if the Altman has put 500 fog machines behind plentiful trees. During the climactic episode, when Beatty avoids the killers, while the local church is burning, Altman insists on almost completely covering the view with animated snow, which resembles the Christmas specialty of Rankin-Bass. <br /> <br /> Look - I can not watch the movie in these conditions. Come back to me when you learn to place the boom microphones, when you remove the entire annoying overlapping dialog box "Altman", and when you wipe the lens with some Windex or something else. 3 stars out of 10.
