The way Al Pacino played in this movie is beyond me. This movie is absolutely horrible. I found, after reading some of the other reviews, that some people really liked this movie that is deeply puzzling because I do not see how anyone who is right can enjoy a movie as horrible as the Revolution. It's not just that it's a bad movie with a lame story and an unusual strangeness that is exceptionally unpleasant, but it looks like the filmmakers were either mentally retarded (which is a very likely explanation of why this film sucks, how does, probably still sucks, even compared to other films created by retards) or deliberately made every illogical decision to suck this movie as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with a huge, thick, ugly mole on his face. There is usually no mole. Mole does not give him character. This is very ugly and distracting. This is not the mole of Robert De Niro; it is much worse. Why the hell does he have this mole? It's as if the creators just said: "Let's see how we could make this film even worse than it is now? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a huge, ugly mole right on his face. "<br /> <br /> Another example of the folly of filmmakers is the character of Ned. We see, for the first three quarters of the movie, young Ned. At some point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again and of course he is the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later the screen appears "three weeks later" and suddenly we have another actor playing as an older Ned. Do they think we are idiots? My God! Again, the filmmakers say, "How can we make it worse? I do not think we can ... Oh, wait! I just got a terrible idea! "I know that the kid is not growing up in half a year, which is okay, but at least he grows up more than in three weeks. Just do not make another actor play Ned, or at least get him to play five minutes when he's three weeks younger. What's more, the kid who plays "older" Ned does not look older than "young" Ned. In fact, he looks completely different, much thinner and is no taller or older than the original actor, which is very confusing, because I, like every rational man, initially thought that it was a new and different form. <br /> <br /> What, the first kid died while filming? Because he played in it for an hour and a half, and then all of a sudden, three weeks later, the guy from Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels plays Ned for the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor died, the filmmakers should at least get an actor who would look like him to play the rest of his role, and re-shoot the poor five-minute scenes "six months later." Better yet, just reject the movie altogether, never end it and never let it go, never tell anyone about it, because at the moment they should have realized that their movie sucks and ends up wasting only more money and time and succeed in doing one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> I am not saying that this movie is so bad that you should not watch it; it's so bad you SHOULD see it, just to see how much it sucks. It's horrible, terrible.
