The brilliant actor, what is Al Pacino completely upsetting the revolution? his approach based on the method is completely inadequate to the role of an illiterate trapper embroiled in the American War of Independence. A lot of guilt should be attributed to the director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who created the Chariots Of Fire just a few years earlier? Talk about the fall !!). One of the director's many tasks is to mobilize the actors, persuade them to perform well, but in this case Hudson allowed Pacino to launch the amok without asking for any restrictions. The film is not limited to Al's career: there are many other errors related to Revolution, more of which were said later. <br /> <br /> Illiterate trapper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north-eastern region of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He leads a simple life? living from the earth, raising a son, living with the elements. The country is ruled by English colonists, but in eight years (1775-83) there is a revolution that ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of an independent American nation. Dobb is imprisoned in the events when his boat and his son are incorporated by the Continental Army? embraced by events that they barely understand, the Dobbs are fighting for their lives and freedom in one bloody engagement after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman with a British aristocratic pedigree. Their forbidden love takes place against the wider historical context of the struggle. <br /> <br /> Where to start with the film's disadvantages? Most key actors are miscast? Pacino has already been sufficiently criticized, but Kinski is doing better as a renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier with a wavering Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is mixed up in attempts to bring mass historical events to a personal level. It seems that no one has decided whether it should be an intimate study of a figure with the American Revolution as a background or an epic war movie with a handful of sharply drawn characters used to carry history. As a result, the narrative falls into the land of no one, jumping from the "great spectacle" to the "little story" uncritically and without meaning. The score of John Corigliano is quite awful and pours out without thought or subtlety. Hugh Hudson's direction is clumsy both in his poor management of Pacino and other key actors, and in the decision to use the annoyingly unstable work of the camera during the sequence of actions. The idea of ​​a handheld camera is to create immediacy? this feeling of "being there" in the confusion of fire and musket. Like many other things in the movie, it does not work. The only section in which the film regains a little respect is the detail from the period, with costumes, sets and weapons that look consistent. But if this is the detail from the period in which you are interested in traveling to the museum, then there would be a better way to spend time, because as a thrilling cinema experience Revolution does not even begin to make an assessment. Nothing more than a mega bomb worth 18 million pounds, which the British film industry could not afford in the mid-1980s.
