What a great word "re-imagining". Is not that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A clever word - it conceals a term that everyone hates, or "remake", and makes it sound almost as if the creation process was creative and involved the imagination. Well, damn it, I was misled. At least I was seduced by the thought of countless gore and unbridled violence than by the idea of ​​"re-imagining", though it played a role. <br /> <br /> Still, why make a remake? Directors do it only for a few reasons: update the film for a contemporary audience or because they personally love the original and want to pay homage to it. Tribute, if you like. Nevertheless, everything in general (I admit exceptions) boils down to one thing: stealing someone's idea and transforming it (or "re-imagining" it) so that those who never see or understand it would pay money to see it. It's like Coles / Cliffs notes; dump everything into a blender, clean everything that is more puzzling and interesting, and throw in a few artificial aromas. In other words, a great marketing plan. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this? I will start with what I liked. I liked the initial scenes. Thanks to CGI and a bigger budget, we could really understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust. Romero tried to communicate in the original with minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then everything falls apart. <br /> <br /> This configuration leads nowhere. The film does what almost every remake does. It adds more to everything except character, atmosphere and history. It is louder, (in a sense) more bloody and more full of main characters who appear only to die in nonsense threads. The setting, a shopping center that has played a key role in the history and theme of the original movie, is completely accidental. The idea conveyed in Romero's film, the pure ecstatic joy of having a "shopping center for itself as a fortress", disappeared here. What's more, this "re-image" has no moxa, no spirit, no balls. It assumes (probably quite rightly) that the audience has no attention and we are not interested in the characters or the story. The film is hurried and longs for quieter interactions of four figures of the original. Actually, you were concerned about these people in the Romero version, because there was some realism, despite the madness outside the shopping center. Here you do not care when and who goes: what matters is how they go. <br /> <br /> What else do you have to say? The film is not terrifying. It has one or two "jump" scenes and tries to catch up with the rest of the gore and loud special effects. The story is really too uncertain, and the conflicts between characters are too underdeveloped to be recorded. Humor also comes down to a few single lines (and one really good character: Andy). After what remains? A conclusion that is simply ridiculous and much worse than the subdued, inevitable ambiguity of the original movie. But despite the fact that it is quite a bad film (though not as bad as other modifications), one thing should be remembered: he kicked the Passion of Christ from the first place in the box office. Well-done zombies.
