This movie is a pure Hollywood hokum. Based on the novel "Not too narrow? Not Too Deep "by Richard Sale, which may or may not be interesting; it would require research to find out! The film's story assumes many incidents and a lot of background, which of course existed in the novel, but you can not see them anywhere in the film, so either the movie was brutally cut or the script was a mess from the very beginning. In this movie, there is not a single millisecond that is realistic, both in terms of events and characters. It's pure Hollywood fantasy in every way. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so under-utilized and wasted that there was no point in being in the movie at all. They had to be thrown into the mixture in such a way as to add the omelette to the sliced ​​chives, hoping that the taste would be enhanced. The film is a difficult attempt to create a "story about morality" and it is so trivial that it is ridiculous. The story concerns some of the hardened criminals imprisoned in French Guiana who want to escape from the French colonial prison through the jungle (a very Hollywood jungle with a rubber hose). Of course there must be a woman in history, so Joan Crawford treats her like a wanderer who for some reason becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the fugitives. Crawford, running through the jungle, wears high-heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes bizarre faces, frowning as he did, smiling and looking evocatively at everyone, what was his way of playing. It is difficult to treat such a character as a hardened criminal, when he always tries to be Clark Gable so much that he certainly has not become a thief anymore. (Those seeking attention are by definition too busy to steal and do not fit the task that requires people not to see them.) The whole escapade is so absurd that it can only be considered a light entertainment. The attempt of religiosity and "depth" is made by injecting into the story of a mysterious "angel of mercy" who voluntarily enters prison and pretends to be a prisoner. Helps to escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers in their various deaths, helping them find a "peace" in their last sighs. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who retains secret knowledge in the whole convincing air, smiles enigmatically, creates mysterious prophetic remarks and has a small spot trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The topic is to be redemption. You can call it the "Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy" version in the Donald Duck version. For real depth, Hitchcock's "I Confess" from 1953 shows how it should be done. In contrast, this meticulous nonsense shows how the Meaning senseless cabinets were in Tinsel Town, and when they rummaged in search of something that could mean something, all they could think of, you guessed it, more glitz.
