Author of numerous novels, plays and stories W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered one of the greatest authors in the world during his lifetime and although his reputation has disappeared over the years, his work still raises critical respect and a large reading audience. Released in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a story of a World War I veteran whose search for spiritual enlightenment is flying in the face of shallow Western values. It was Maugham's last big novel - and it was extremely popular. Given that the conflicts of the novel are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also a very strange choice for the movie version - but Darryl F. Zannuck of 20th Century Fox fell in love with the book and won the rights to the screen shortly after the publication. <br /> <br /> According to film knowledge THE RAZOR'S EDGE was to be directed by the legendary George Cukor based on the script by Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham wrote the adaptation. When the film came into production, Cukora was replaced by Edmund Goulding, the director less known for his artistic touch than the robot, and Maugham's script was replaced by Lamar Trotti, the author of such memorable scenarios as THE OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently returned from military service during World War II, was filled with a spiritually conflicted Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the greatest beauties of her time, was cast as a socialist Isabell Bradley. The supporting cast was particularly noteworthy, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the schedule of photos were rich, and when the film debuted in 1946, He was very much admired by both the audience and the critics. <br /> <br /> But time has a way to put things in perspective. The RAZOR'S EDGE seen today is a beautifully produced movie - but it is absolutely the best that it achieves fairly constant mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Although this is quite similar to Maugham's story when it comes to the story, it is clearly not entirely in character and completely does not capture the basic issues that drive history. We were told that Larry is seeking enlightenment; we were told that she was receiving them; we were told that it works on its basis - but despite the sporadic and largely superficial commentary, we have never really been told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes that stand behind it. In particular, we have never been told anything significant about the nature of the Enlightenment itself. This results in cutting off history on your knees. <br /> <br /> We're left with the story of Maugham's story, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, the woman Larry loves, but comes out because of the growing ideological riff that opens between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were better known for their physical beauty than talent, but both could achieve good results when they received solid directing and scripting support. Unfortunately, this is not happening; they are uniquely single-toned and the power is very erroneously activated. Fortunately, the supporting cast is quite good, especially with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson; Anne Baxter's famous performance at the time was not as popular as one would expect. <br /> <br /> With a duration of just over two and a half hours, the movie also seems unnecessarily long. There is a seemingly endless cocktail party banquet, and the entire Indian sequence (which sounds so funny) would be better cut - a strange situation, because this is the sequence that is to be the core of the whole movie. Regardless of the particular scene, everything seems to last and does not make sense. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the film has not been remastered, but the print is very good, and at the same time the bonus package is not particularly memorable or noticeably weak. When everything was said and done, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for the production value and everyone's readiness to take part in this material - but honestly, this movie best left fans of Power and Tierney who will enjoy it because of the stars, and those whose ideas about spiritual enlightenment are as unclear as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
