What would happen if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about a miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment by trying to join a country club? If he did, he could call him the Razor's Edge, because the Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of the razor is difficult to pass, so the wise say that the road to Salvation is difficult." But Maugham decided to stick to a well-mannered class, so we have a version of Larry Darrell, who came back from World War I, carefully prepared, well connected in society and determined to find herself, becoming a miner. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham tells us: "This is the young man I'm writing about. He is not famous. Perhaps when his life finally ends, he will not leave a trace of his stay on earth than a stone thrown into the river on the surface of the water, but it may be that the way of life he chose for himself can have an increasing impact on his so that perhaps for a long time after his death, he would understand that he was a very unusual creature in this age. " <br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all the cultural assets of Zanuck that you can buy with money. He is so honest, honest ... so important. When Larry is looking for his wisdom, he works in mines, on merchant ships, climbs the Himalayan mountain to learn from the ancient sage, we have his selfish friend Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his tragic childhood boy played by Anne Baxter snobbish and impeccably clothed girl's uncle, played by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, making notes. The film is so immensely pleased with the goodness that the only thing that excites him a bit is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live to live for hundreds of years, I will never understand how any young person can come to Paris without evening outfits." Webb has a few good lines, but we appreciate Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted the prestigious Twentieth Century hit when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He made sure that there were well-dressed extras with scores, a score that sounds as if it was meant for the cathedral, and he even wrote some scenes. The effort is just as conscious as a fat man in a rented tuxedo. Despite Hollywood's views on The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people, hard work does not bring enlightenment, only fatigue and low pay. <br /> <br /> After almost two and a half hours we see Larry wears his navy bag aboard the tramp. He intends to return to Europe from Europe with a satisfied smile on his face. "My dear," says Somerset Maugham to Isabel at the same time in the intricately decorated salon, "Larry found what we all want and what few of us have ever achieved. nobler, nicer to know him. You see, my dear, goodness is after all the greatest force in the world ... and he has it! "Larry and the audience need a healthy dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> I'm so happy not to forget, he was a great writer of theater plays, novels, essays and short stories." To see how films could do him justice, look how some of his stories have been moved to the screens in Encore, Trio and Quartet, and instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell. The Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
