In the summer of 1979, When this film was the basis of this new film medium called HBO, there was the summer newspaper Summer Line and the Iranian Hostage Crisis Summer. The change in mood was based on the end of the production of low-budget car films on solo missions, although "Smokey & The Bandit" for several years maintained rapid movements in the Roadrunner type films. "Corvette Summer" is as bizarre as any previous movie, like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry" if it's lighter and sexier than most. Kenneth (Hamill), a graduate of the motoring department in high school, hitchhikes to Vegas in search of the car theft ring, which snatched his masterpiece of the shop class, super-non-standard Vette with the steering wheel on the right. In the spiritual abyss of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and disgust in Las Vegas") he gets into the custom van (yes, it was also the end of the van's madness) cheated as a mobile bordello & driven by sassy, ​​aspiring whore Vanessa (Potts), on the way to Sin City to do it, whatever the ambitious slut is. VANessa, understand? A shy, innocent Kenneth is on his way in Vegas, only his American determination and his new friend help him, although a hard-trained young girl is predictably less wise in the world than he seems. Why in the age of "I am a woman" Vanessa invested her talents, money and future in the world's oldest but least successful profession, say in college, and even hairdressing, can be explained to young men who would like to think that all women at least consider joys from this career path. You remember the target group, right? Hamill is a good choice for white baker Kenneth (the car does not even belong to him personally, but to his school), which will not be stopped against his goal by violence, money, and even love - until he finds out why the car was really stolen. Potts behaves with style and energy, but Vanessa is too unbelievable to buy any of the most reliable testosterone machines. The villains are surprisingly human, especially always by good James' brother. But there are not too many actions and it's not a kind of movie that you can do with dialogs, twists or heavy themes. You can always reach, turn the TV knob and connect the "Pong" console. A similar, but more dangerous, vehicle of Chris Mitchum "Stingray", which appeared more or less at the same time, contained the effect of the lamera, but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each film could be created by the Vette movie, which is worth remembering. In this way, Trans Am was left to rule the car showroom at the box office. Another forgotten car film brought from the dead by a great series of Speed ​​Channel weekends, Lost Drive-in.
