54 is a movie about a club with the same title in the 1970s. He has a classic, handsome bartender. Sexy women. The owner of high power. Partying. When all the intertwined chaos arises, and the bartender (played by Phillipe) seems to be on it all. <br /> <br /> I will be as honest and honest as possible, avoiding any unjust or untrue comments (such as "ok" movie). I really think it's a completely horrible movie composed by his terrible cast. Every time I sit down to watch the movie cast of Salma Hayek, I always look forward to seeing her beauty, radiantly expressed at the same time with a great performance, but reality invariably reminds me suddenly how talentless she is. I mean, really, what did she ever write to the masses, except her huge table dance in "From Dusk Till Dawn" ...? The same applies to Ryan Phillippe, another poor actor who gives nothing to the screen, but his good looks and a madly boring facade called "action" in a different way. Mike Myers, it's not as bad as those 2, at least it gives the film something worthy. Playing in the dingy, extroverted co-founder of the 54 club. The type that most people watch would hate (eg Well done work) puts in a somewhat convincing performance that gave me a rare pleasure in making movies. Unfortunately, it is not enough to save a film from an unfounded and flat nothingness. Most of the "bad" bad movies find something I can take from the movie, but there really is nothing at all. Neve Campbell is not so bad, but it's just "there." The plot is boring, it seems that the writer was more inclined to make a film about this style and beautification and forgot to add anything else. Any significance. Every class. Anything. Because like most decorations, they are simply empty, pointless objects that are simply nice to watch, very similar to the foundations of this disastrous movie. <br /> <br /> Really an hour and a half of my time, I could have spent better doing something much more exciting, like talking on the phone to 90-year-old relatives about the weather.
