If you hit teens in the '70s, like me, you probably remember stories about Studio 54, regardless of whether you like a disco. The exclusive club was a perfect symbol of the cultural overindulgence of the '70s and self-absorption; there is even a great documentary about the VH1 club that can tell you everything you wanted to know about its magnificence, and the stories are interesting enough to create a very engaging movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not it. 54 follows the lives of several employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a waiter named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a girl checking coats, Anita (Selma Hayek) and of course the master of ceremonies himself, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While the events in the club are well represented, this movie is more concerned about the personal life of employees closest to Shane's story. <br /> <br /> The movie works in a spurting way. Sometimes it perfectly reflects the shallowness of the nightlife culture (for example, when Shane is taken to a party and does not know who "Errol Flynt" is), and sometimes it becomes a hokey melodrama. Some of them are inseparable from the premise? following the subordinates who mingle in a rich and wonderful world ?? but a lot of this comes from the treatment of glove children, in which both the club and Rubell are served throughout the movie. While Rubell certainly electrified the scene in New York with its tendency to oversize performance and exclusive crowd picking each evening, raging drugs and sexuality are only briefly tackled; and Rubell himself, while mentioning his excesses, is strangely positive for a guy who was a liar in life, a cheater, a drug abuser, and dissolute like all hell. It was not that I was looking for a man who was to be conquered, but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and the reduction of the nightlife culture which he helped to raise. The final scene in which he looks at regulars is so emotionally false that it is overtly absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers does everything to capture Rubell, but he gives him so little work that he surprises his performance is effective; but it's good and helps anchor the movie. Philippe, whom I generally consider to be a good actor, is here embarrassed by the shallowness and stupidity of his character; is limited to the smile of a deer in the spotlight or a grim, unreasonable grimace, and even he can not translate it into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are okay, again undercut by the magazine and Neve Campbell ?? apparently on the DVD cover? it appears so briefly that it really has an enlarged stage. <br /> <br /> For some reason I'm still interested in, and even fascinated by, the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even considering this, it is not a film that particularly interested me, despite the predisposition to it. I would say that if this era, or this club, has any interest, trace the unique VH1, not the middle melodrama.
