At first glance, Ruiz decided to create a psychological thriller. Although this is not as rewarding as the classic song in this genre, there are compensations. Tensions between Huppert and Balibar as women calmly, but calculated in a war with the boy they both claim are convincing; however, in the true European style of an artistic home, Ruiz does not give us this tension, because women alternately try to be sympathetic to each other. The only raised voice is that Huppert wakes up from a nightmare (undisputed irrational event in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the movie is just as little about his thriller as Jane Campion's In The Cut. Instead, it is a cross-gender psychological study focusing on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides to make a practical joke by playing his mother with another emotionally sensitive woman. Both women tend to harass him rather than scold, which complicates the problem. In the background there is an indefatigable psychologist (Charles Berling), quick in confrontation with women in his life - his sister Huppert, nanny or his father - and acting as a symbolic counterweight for adults, calm and (we learn) manipulative Camille. It is particularly interesting that, like Henry James' father, "The Turn of the Screw", Denis Podalydes, legislator, the father is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz invents an oedipal moment from Huppert's reaction to his return at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Read as a thriller or psychiatric essay, this movie is ultimately rather disappointing. I'm officially quite fairly on-screen method Mme Huppert, which is too buried, so I will want to see her on stage before I come back to her (popular European Heaven's Gate) movies. Support is good. Ruiz, however, does not cast favors. Regardless of poor lighting and deliberately bizarre shots, it's as if its direction has left the characteristics quite unattainable - I especially think about Shamans court Edith Scob to Isabelle, who works knowing but communicates surprise. The presented fragments do not combine with the plot of driving forward - the tension I mentioned earlier is not only scattered but wasted in its direction. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go and see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
