Phantom of the Mall is a film that best fits the category of "easily forgotten". This is quite a bad variant of the famous story of Gaston Leroux, Phantom of the opera. This is not a bad idea for yourself, but the plot and production of this film are weak to bring a decent tribute to this story. As for the bright side, Gaston Leroux does not have to turn around in the grave. It could have been much worse. <br /> <br /> Phantom of the Mall has too many unnecessary retrospections and too many boring sequences to be memorable. Also, the screenwriters wanted to give the story too much sketch than it was necessary. And even if there are many secrets that take on Eric's character ... the basic plot is ordinary and déjà-vu. *** SPOILERS *** It's about a young couple who is brutally torn because the boy is killed in the fire. This fire was directed to his home because he and his parents refused to sell the house to make room for the big shopping mall. The boy survived the fire and hid in the shopping center to avenge himself. In the meantime, he is watching his girlfriend, who is now working in the mall and trying to forget about her loss. Though he should just be an entertainment horror, he desperately tries to be an intelligent thriller ... and that's not what fans are looking for. There are several innovative killings, but they are not enough for people who want to see a relaxing horror. Besides, the Phantom of the Mall could use at least a bit of humor !! This whole production - including the cast - is too serious. <br /> <br /> I will try to finish with some positive aspects ... For example, Ken Foree will play !! Horror fans will surely recognize him as Peter for Dawn of the Dead! It is like a milestone of horror, which must find an equal. Although his role in this film is limited and even totally unnecessary ... it was good to see him again. Television fans also recognize Morgan Fairchild as a mayor, a great actress and an elegant woman. Pauly Shore does it too, but I can not stand it ... so my opinion about him may be a bit biased. And finally, some praise for the leading actress Kari Whitman. She is an extremely beautiful girl and has some talent ... it's a pity she never reached the top. Actually, this movie is her greatest achievement and says enough about her career ...
