I absolutely disdain this film. No wonder that Jose Larraz "denied" him at some point and does not want to discuss it. I admire the work of Larraz, especially his little-known slasher / sex maniac thrillers, such as SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has a certain kind of inevitable artistry that he can not turn off, partly thanks to his secondary career as a painter and illustrator. Too bad he never made a Western, his vision would be perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is easily his most famous film and probably his most famous after the masterpieces of VAMPYRES. And his fame revolves around one scene in which the Satanic Sabbath contains a bizarre ritual of extracting the goat's reproductive fluid - symbolizing the Beast - as a sort of nauseating balm to be used to prepare a waif like the murdered man's sister for her role as Satan's bride. The scene in question is presented in a way that seems quite persuasive, even without showing any hydraulic device that the goat could have received, based on the histrionics of the recruited actress, to play the supplicant in the ritual and a lot of throat singing the processed musical score of the film heard in several films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more presumed than shown in the graphical details, somewhat reinforced by the knowledge that the said supplicant is actually a teenage daughter of a satanic priest. We, but they had a good time inventing this movie. <br /> <br /> The problem is that there is not much to deconstruct or contemplate outside the paper story of ROSEMARY BABA about a woman who is weaned by the Bride of Satan because of the sophisticated Sabbath of Satanists living in the overgrown land of a very sinister Britain. Satanists led by Helga Line, Euroreporters, consist of doctors, lawyers, land magnates and other high-ranking dignitaries who owe their professional success to devil worship. All you have to do is sell your soul, and the world can be yours, just watch out who you can sell to pay off a small personal conflict or you can end up felting with a sword. <br /> <br /> the film attempts to combine this powerful satanic journey with oases or border graphic sex, and should be properly considered the kind of apex or culmination of the Spanish tradition of thrillers and horrors popularized in part by Mr. Molina and Mrs. Line, who had amazingly flourished under the disapproval of one general Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. When he lived with his decree, the Spanish cinema was to be free from graphical representations of sex on the screen. Spanish directors often created two versions of their films, one with sex hidden for their own screens, the other with adultery at the exhibition. It was difficult to express yourself to the filmmakers, which resulted in a kind of interesting tension, which usually arises when artists flirt with the forbidden: Spanish horrors from the 70s have a very special taste, which is a bit of a taste. Not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in the bizarre turn of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror dried up in the late seventies, when their gothic castles and demonic orgies suddenly proved useless when compared to new sensations such as JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And unrestricted Franco suddenly appeared a wave of graphic thrillers, which fell from the pipes in the late 70s and early 80s, of which BLACK CANDLES is probably the best known because of the pressure on the sexual deviance of the animal in the yard. Larraz's main horrors have always revolved around sexual taboos (lesbian VAMPYRES, incest SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION), but the effect of depravity is the eclipse of the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything else, like a traditional censored trip to Kozia Stodoły, and watching a cut version without a stage in the barn is almost a pointless exercise. Sex is not graphic enough to judge it as porn, and chills are not so chilling in the veins that they can be considered horror. <br /> <br /> So BLACK CANDLES is basically a study of behavior - this is how a high society of British Satanists can behave in their isolated residences in the West Midlands or anything else. Between the sex scenes the actors / actresses sit and have many discussions. The best thing the movie is heading for is the undeniably onerous atmosphere of claustrophobia, and most of its action takes place in the narrow interiors of the Lady Line character. Almost every route of adultery is suggested, so fans of soft-core sex romps with an allusion to the supernatural horror will be amused, and of course substitute sex offenders among us will enjoy choking their chickens on the stage of a goat barn. But the final conclusion of the film is stupid, pretentious, offensive to intelligence and probably ideal for such a differently forgotten exercise in the applied madness. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without Goat Barn, this movie is simply not the same, and the stage is probably a bit too much for most viewers. Larraz was right, renouncing this.
