Note for yourself because the movie is alien, unclear, and the stars Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean it is good. This is the case of the "Blue Juice", a British film from 1995, depicting an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts, which seems (stupid American) even more unlikely to find surfers: Cornwall, England. Perhaps you think it has the makings of a funny, bizarre little comedy. If only. The movie is just over ninety minutes, but it seems infinite. The easiest way to describe it is a kind of "Grease" from the 90's without dancing, but even that makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to do this is a small piece of life embedded in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman living with a surfing instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, you remember him). Pertwee is actually the star of the movie, and his character is a kind of surfing legend for a small group of surf fans, a required bizarre group of free ghosts who inevitably live in such films. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub DJ who wants to be a producer of recordings, and a fat guy who is stoned to death on an unnecessarily extensive stage and loses all inhibitions, which of course turns out to be the best thing that happened to him. I can not honestly say that everything that happens in "Blue Juice" is predictable, because it is set in place and reflects the habits and manners with which I am not very familiar, but certainly there is nothing surprising or even interesting or not with characters. However, the comedy is very predictable and tired. You can feel the configurations a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (of course in the American form) before the actors. The relationship between JC and Chloe is just as hacked. He wants him to grow up; I want them to remain impetuous teenagers from whom they started. He is afraid to lose face with his gang; she thinks she prefers them from her. You have an idea. When I tried to focus on the "Blue Juice", at the end I felt, as the saying goes, that it was an hour and a half of my life that I will never go back to.
