About five minutes and I saw where it was going. A bunch of high school students are upset by the school administration, and thoughts of rebellion are starting to get excited. I told my girlfriend: if she drops below 5 on IMDb, I will go and read the book. He got 5.0, so she persuaded me to continue watching. What are the good things? Well, it's good that this movie has no history, because it would certainly be distracted by editing. It's like drawing a student who was torn up by one of the teachers, all the material for this movie was torn in a bizarre accident involving a meat grinder and left half of the material destroyed, and the other half was divided into two seconds. Even in the ten-second scene of local television news there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are assemblies. All are focused on electronic music, which warns about the next assembly, so that, like Pavlov's dog, you begin to crouch every time you hear it, which takes place every three minutes. Oh, I was supposed to say what's good in this movie. Well, the film was shot very well, with a nice palette of colors that nicely matched emotional content - such as was - scenes. Okay, now with the main drawback of the movie and it was not a story, it was not a story. The director made this fatal mistake, leading you astray about people and situations, not through clever story telling, but being highly selective about what to show about the main characters. It's just a scam. I think he did it so that the central character would be more likeable. But it just got annoying. If history is full of holes, it is not good to try to get it by improperly targeting the viewer. And often there was not even sense. And then the end. Essentially, the main villain of the room turns out to be a good guy if he's a coward. In addition, it turns what seemed to be the core of the film, that you should fight for the right cause on your head, the already mentioned offense and step into the point about the nature of the revolution that has already been made, and much better, thanks to the breeding of animals. He also made what I call Bill Cosby's sin: no matter how it may seem at first glance, in the end, adults are always right and children are always wrong. And let's face it: if you're not me, it's just not true.
