Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chef and owner of the famous restaurant in California. He has a lovely wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son who is about five years old. Sammy actually loves her family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, has a double life, has sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help him. OK, it's my fault: I read a summary of other IMDB user comments, I saw IMDB user rating, but I really did not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it and some of the comments are very happy. The plot, script and dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some films with an X rating we can find more intelligent stories. Photography is so amateur and naive that in some parts it seems to be transmitted by a VHS camera. Michael Des Barres makes no sense funny: being an old man, bald, would be acceptable in the advertisement of Viagra or the grandfather of a little boy. But being an attractive man who has sex with every woman is terrifying. In Wood's comedy, Allen may have got a chance, but in a "serious" movie he's funny. I am trying to find out why Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski accepted participation in such a horrible, amateurish and horrible movie. Do they need money? No chance for better films due to their age? Are they friends of the director (I apologize for using this word) and decided to help and promote him? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it's unacceptable that such a wonderful actress accepts such a scenario. The same applies to the great Nastassia Kinki. It is presented as oily, without make-up, without glamor. Total disrespect with one of the most beautiful actresses in cinema history. I'm really intrigued by the fact: how can the reader, without personal interest, promote this garbage, giving higher ratings or writing positive comments about the film? Are they friends of the director (I use that word again ...) or cast? It sounds very strange to me that an ordinary IMDB reader can like such a movie. My voice is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Viciado Em Sexo" ("Addicted In Sex")
