This trashy B movie is trying to pretend to study sexual addiction, but this is really a bad excuse for sex sex. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (a subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is the owner of the restaurant with the unconscious wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a small child. He has sex addiction and must have senseless sex every five minutes with every woman in his field of vision that agrees (and of course every woman on the planet considers him irresistible, even though he looks older enough to collect social security). <br /> <br /> The story focuses on talking to his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), where he describes each of his sexual exploits through flashback. It's nothing short of a convenient starting point for a sexual parade parade that consumes at least 75% of the time on the screen. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to know where to start criticizing the film so badly. Production values ​​are fatal. The film is shot on video, somewhere between the television soap opera (at best) and an amateur porn movie, made in someone's garage. The direction of Joseph Brutsman is horrible with poor lighting, boring framing and poor actor's direction. The script is hopeless, and the dialogue is thoughtless and vulgar. <br /> <br /> Women are generally portrayed as obsessive about nymphomaniacs just waiting for an addict like Sammy to come and heal them, satisfying the insatiable appetites with impersonal copulation. For example, Sister Grace comes indignantly to inform Sammy that she knows he is asleep and that he intends to tell his wife about it. His answer is to throw her on the wall and start rape. After about three seconds he has a revelation and is immediately converted to one of his sexual disciples begging him to give her more. When they finish Grace, sis says to her, "Oh, it's great to see you, I have to run to collect Timmy," and Mama is the word of Sammy's indiscretion. The bond of loyalty was sealed with good destruction. There is no spoiler here, because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who saw the first fifteen minutes could have foreseen this. <br /> <br /> Sexual performances are exaggerated, mechanical and so simulated that they are more comical than erotic. Most of them are performed with the full clothes of both participants. The operation is miserable. Michael Des Barres presents the whole depth of a rain puddle. It seems that he really falls into the pride and profanities of the sex section, but when it comes to the actual occurrence with Arquette and Kinski, he is drifting. Rosanna Arquette is the closest actor in this movie, giving a bearable performance and looking really hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal. Nastassja Kinski is too compassionate like a therapist, but at least we have some action here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of elevated body doublets, which are given by thought-provoking lines, such as "hit me harder, or the best, what can you do?" and "Oh, God? YES". <br /> <br /> This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen, a dubious distinction, considering the thousands of movies I've watched. I gave him an extremely rare disgrace to rate it on 1/10. You can not see him within three hours of any meal.
