It can not be denied that we have an affinity for speed. That is why films such as "Fast and the Furious", "Dhoom" and "Rempit" are being played in a satisfying way, especially for local audiences. We live on a tiny island and I can not understand why, for the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to indebt ourselves, having a set of wheels that have 100% tax when they reach our shores, and countless taxes and bills to pay when it works. What's more, high-end sports cars were once raided by an eminent politician in the north that they would never reach the fourth gear so they would not reach the sea. <br /> <br /> These films are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks always go hand in hand, targeting the required demographic groups. Meanwhile, these plunging necklines revealing an amazing shirt and short skirts underlining the legs of two meters, can not compete with the attention attached to these beautiful curves that have exotic cars in such films. Of course, there are (ahem) those who for sexists depict women as ordinary sexual objects (they explain why automotive exhibitions come from trucks of models and films such as those that can not do without a long leg of the model in the frame), but they do not guarantee this kind of collective orgasmic sigh when four-wheelers appear on the screen, even if they do not do exactly anything and have their equipment in the Park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear he wet his pants every time his dream comes along, and smeared his pants even more when he hears those groaning moans in the engine. boys-fans who appeared in the crowd just to see which of the latest cool cars will be shown in the movie. With the Fast and the Furious series, Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines occupy a central place, just like the GT. Here, the Ford GT takes on an incredibly blind modification of the facade, which I am even impressed with, along with the latest models such as Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCX and any car that has wings to the door. But seriously, my heart goes out to the cars every time they are ruthlessly crushed just for entertainment. I mean, they are excellent, high-performance models that are on top of the automotive industry, but because everyone who financed the movie had millions to say, they do it because they can, <br /> <br /> Redline history, just excuses to create a movie full of beauties (cars that are) that can tear the asphalt in probably the most boring way you can, and with ordinary pictures of pedals (always an accelerator, remember tapping the brake pedal is synonymous with blasphemy and does not deserve respect), steering, shifting (always moves up and down), and at the same time makes the actors pretend to be the worst donkeys with the engine, snarling and giving each other dirty looks. This is not a very high order for the actor, and that's why we get the most pathetic performances in history, with lines that seem to be written by elementary students. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, it's a statement that girls can go) Natasha (very plastic Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those millions of finds - a girl with the appearance of a model who does not mind descending on all fours and immersing herself in oil, which has a race pedigree and performs with a rock band singing songs with lyrics that are just ridiculous (each line was related to cars, and when we sang about love, they just had to pull those innuny, like shifting the rollers, lubricants and driving). Introduced against her will by illegal gangsters named Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she gets involved in family disputes involving Ira Lei DiCaprio, a veteran of the Iraq war, and some miserable, voluptuous, looking wealthy uncle. Everything else, as I said, simply serves as an excuse to go from the race to the race. <br /> <br /> And it's almost always the same because it's very limited to what you can do to increase the tension between racing cars, especially when you know the race is fake (for narrative reasons) and can see the result race a mile from the finish line. While Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors, I laid my head on the chopping block, calling Paul Walker, Sun Kang and of course the star he created - Vin Diesel, Redline did not have, just nice faces with lots of air Unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in its treatment from the very beginning, with a very blistering opening sequence in which there is one man, one car and a 105 minute race against time to get to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not for cars, this movie is seriously a piece of garbage, malfunctioning, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for car fans, or for those who like their videos with the innumerable beauties of animals that pimp their body without any speech lines.
