Is it a bigger budget than usual for a director of the Honda genre (with more visible complex sets)? although the special effects still have a characteristic cheese flavor for them (watch the giant bats and rodents at the exhibition). He also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten playing the visionary scientist looks bad and weak (but then his character is supposed to be 204 years old!), Innocent Richard Jaeckel is the protagonist of the photographer, as the main villains, we get Cesara Romero and Patricia Medina (both basically a camp ). As I've often said, I grew up watching movies in English in Italian, but listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is a different matter! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a youthful version of the typical adventure of Jules Verne and is quite funny at this level; indeed, this is better than the Honda version of low browning in the formula of monsters in madness because of the innate charm of this configuration. The story concerns the kidnapping of the famous scientist by Romero ?? was to be embedded in the underwater, technologically advanced city invented by Cotten (to which the most important minds of the world are recruited). We're dealing with a lot of stupid battles between rival submarines, but the most fun are the raids on the Romero cave? in fact, Cotten does somersaults and repels people in rubber suits (through the flames and laser emitted from his glove!) certainly counts as nadir of his acting career; the other elder in the cast, Romero, is more in his element? in the end he was The Joker in the BATMAN TV series and the movie from the 60s! Cotten has a scantily clad, blond doctor in his team, and he is assisted by a powerful Asian; On the other hand, Romero is surrounded by oriental femme fatale? who, however, ends his contract for his efforts (the girl's brain is finally transplanted into a hybrid lion and condor who is one of the most-looking creatures you've ever seen!). Apparently this 2-disc set from Media Blasters street that day !!
