You can know in advance that I am not a Mormon, unlike many people who have already seen the movie. I mention that you understand that the way I look at a movie can differ greatly from those in faith. For some, a film critic can be seen as critical towards faith - and this is NOT my intention. So my opinion is about an outsider who is trying to look inside and find out more about who this man and his people are. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt if I've ever learned. Ever since I am a history teacher, I understand both the young and Joseph Smith, as well as the Church's teaching. But anyone who wants to see this movie to really learn something will probably be disappointed because the movie seems so nice - too nice and too unrealistic. In addition, you find practically nothing about church beliefs except that they are nice people, they work hard, and some have many wives (and the latter is barely visible in the film). Instead, people are almost similar to cartoons in their simplified performances. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, all non-Mormons were devils, and Brian Donlevy (playing exactly the same way Edward G. Robinson later played in TEN COMMANDS) is the perpetrator who claims to be Mormon but it just comes, so the movie may have a bad guy. It's all very simple ... too simple. Almost like an indoctrination or infomercial movie. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was a particularly complicated man - with many good points (a great organizer and visionary), and also bad (do not even start me with his views on black people in church or mixed marriages). Presenting it in such vague categories is simply stupid. Similarly with Gandhi in the film with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led to the fact that he was almost superhuman were highlighted. Heck, now that I think about it, this is a problem with the most religious films - they are often one-dimensional, banal and bland. Let's have a full and more complete movie of these men - one that will stick to facts, not emotional appeals. <br /> <br /> If you ignore the fact that you will not learn much about faith or its second leader, the movie is pleasant enough. It's obvious that someone in 20th Century-Fox really cared about the movie because they had a great cast of both top actors (Tyrone Power) and future actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and great actors (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had great shooting and a lot of gloss. It simply did not have much to say, except that they were all "swelling". Plus, there were a lot of technical mistakes and a few ordinary stupid scenes. Some mistakes include Young, who took over the helm immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), the lack of mention of various Mormon denominations and splinter groups, talking about "gold in California" - although it was 1847 and gold will not be discovered until 1948, as well as no specific mention of polygamy or many Smith's wives. Just stupid scenes include Carradine, who pulls out her gun and waving it on the courtroom scene - and no one cares about it - even though it was a very hostile audience! Do not you think that at least the judge would tell him to postpone this and stop threatening these people ?! <br /> <br /> Last comment. I do not repeat, I do not watch this movie when it is shown in American Movie Classics (one great station that has sunk in recent years). Although I am criticizing the film because of its simplified message, I was terrified by the total disregard of the station that it had for the church and its traditions. I mean it. The film was interrupted by the ads of penis enlargement formulas, as well as the tones of pop-up windows (some advertisements showing the "sexiest cast"). Speak of disrespect and abominations, and I would be as offended if they did it for other religious films. By doing this, they not only offend faith, but marginalize their market - after all, who hears about these things and the life of Brigham Young ?! Is this a movie in this form that you can show your children or recommend to others ?!
