Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager addressed to Satan (and LSD) by her archaeologist Richard's fiancé. In the ancient, ancient castle, the cult of the neighbor's demon revolves, in which Leila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, participate in sex orgies, dance to crush psychedelic rock and participate in black mass ceremonies during which men wear pants, masks and cloaks and women do not wear anything at all. Unfortunately, these extra-curricular activities left Leila open to demonic possession from the terrifying "spirit of evil". Leila also comes from a twisted family, which also does not help. Her older brother John is a loner who seems to be in love with her. Her mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she thinks she was responsible for her father's death. In addition, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a slutty semi-professional named (pained!) By Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of help hired around to spend more time. Two maids (a young man who very often takes off his clothes and an old who spies on everyone), and Udo (Luis Induni), a bald handyman voyeur who spies on Leila's changing clothes, takes her naked pictures and sneaks into a pool house to sniff freshly used swimsuit. Oh yes and Borg, German Shepherd. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is the father of Adrian Dunning, a doubtful priest (zzzzz) who starts to sniff after John and Richard turn their heads back. Leila tells him: "They say I'm perverse and I'm going to prove it's true!" During his birthday party, he tells his guests: "You are forcing me! I hate you all! "And when mom suggests that a doctor will come, she yells:" I do not want to see this fat ass! "Debbie suggests that they give Leila a" sanatorium ", but Leila escapes and re-joins the cult. She was saved (again) and brought back home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> At the moment, the film has only ten minutes left, and all we've seen are very boring scenes of characters talking and whimpering about how awful and unfolding their lives are and how Leila behaves strangely. Sitting in Andy Milligan's film is almost as painful as skipping over and laughing. But finally, in the last few minutes, we get a movie that suggests the title - an extravagant ownership movement. Unfortunately, the best part is contact lenses that Leila wears. On her arms, legs and face appear cheap cutting-out time-lapse, she gets a scary mouth, and the eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marbles. He begins to stink with a rotten body, spits out a bright mess, begins to speak with his father's voice, sneaks into her mother's bedroom, pats her a little and calls her a "dirty slut whore". Adrian's father is coming, who finally believes that he is really possessed, repels attempts at seduction, hallucinations of frogs and eels are in the kitchen and pour Leila on holy water. The door opens and closes, the mirror breaks, there is a sudden thunder, and her bed rises from the floor. After he copes with Dunning and they both go down the stairs, the ghost is out and guess who? Why, Borg, a family dog! Then the demonic dog turns on Adrian and chews him a little before he pushes him into poker. Then we get one of the most annoying last photos ever made. It's Leila on the floor, going from her hideous look back to her normal, sexy self. But then there is ANOTHER time-lapse effect that seems to suggest that the demon probably came back to her body. It's so badly done, you really have no idea what to do with it, which is the last blow to the face of everyone who just realized that he had wasted an hour and a half on this worthless point of sale. <br /> <br /> Screw the contacts, 1 in 10 is.
