I feel like a genius; I feel that I am the only one who has seen this fake movie. I watched it three times, once with the commentary, and got angry with all the close ups, all the time the screen was just going out, and worst of all, I feel that the movie never really solves anything. Yes, the priest dies, but he did not seem to be calm about the city that worried him so much, nor about himself. He was an idiot too. If it were not for Peter Cowie's commentary, which would explain not only the film, but also the book it comes from, I would not be able to bear it. I like French movies, but this is completely absurd. <br /> <br /> The Country Priest diary is shot in beautiful black and white photography, but the same can not save this deadly tripe. The scene after the scene of extreme close-ups, in which the characters do not say anything, until the camera cuts off and goes into darkness, does NOT create an interesting or relevant story. How this movie became a classic is stunning: it reminds me of Emperor's new clothes. I feel empty because it is generally a weak impression of the Catholic priesthood, which is a wicked and infamous institution of corruption. The triumph of the young priest over the countess's pride is a weak scene, but 90% of the film will draw you in with a gloomy introspection and window on the young priest's melancholy thoughts. This priest does not meet humbly because he is just pathetic. <br /> <br /> Because I do not speak or understand French, I could not wait to make English SUBTITLE to help me understand cinematography. Well, the English SUBTITLE is sometimes impossible to display / read, and the text scrolls so fast that I could not read much (and I'm not a particularly free reader - I just finished Dostoyevsky in 3 days). <br /> <br /> I really wanted to like this movie. I try everything "selected" by the Criterion collection, and yet I do not see the reason why it deserves some critical bow in many respects. However, throughout the entire two-hour longing, I spent all my longing for empathy for the main character and never materialized. He seemed more like a victim than a warrior. And to that I say it stinks.
