... You can not push her off the road because she is old; and if you were charitable, you could say that the heavy gait that connects you is not really her fault. Nevertheless, in these circumstances it is often difficult to not get irritated when you feel that you are pulling the heel. It's the same with "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" in a romantic comedy, which in this way is mainly difficult because the place is bad; a bit like showing your breakdance skills at grandparents' funeral. <br /> <br /> To further expand the metaphor (perhaps unreasonably!); Like an old lady, she begins to feel when the movie ends, and his fall can not be far away. Indeed, this particular "death" is annoyingly prolonged, slowly rejecting our reserves of empathy in tiny increments, and depressingly we come to the conclusion that conduct is directed only in one direction: down. A hard trial of "humor" is visible a mile away - again, not like the grim inevitability of death! <br /> <br /> Returning to the image of "long heels", the protagonist, Tom, turns out that he constantly repeats this activity throughout his life. If there are indeed "pathetic" grades, this juice can be a few good grades before another - more familiar - Schwimmer's role. Finding myself in the awkward position of matching the public's sympathy with the yet larger "unconscious" than Ross is certainly a difficult question, even for such a "capable" comic strip contractor as Schwimmer, but I think he can find fault in the first place signing on some serious "echoes". <br /> <br /> How will he ever escape his most famous performance if he chooses scripts in which characters can be almost "interchangeable", even when the situations are not? A man with a longtime high school student in someone he has not seen for years. Sounds familiar... ? Paltrow is nothing else, if it is not neuter in his role of "Rachel", but everything that happens on the old ground, maybe it will be excusable if the noticeable DIFFERENCES are not so absurd. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so worn that it is worn and the "background" is so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the film is something of a "stiff" ...! 2/10.
