I am amazed at the amount of praise that other commentators present in this film. For me, it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasies and internal confusion of the main character does not work at all (in the book Vonneguta "Slaughterhouse Five" and even in the adaptation of George Roy Hill on the screen). Credibility is often overloaded. Too many questions remain open. Did I miss a few central points? Or maybe I have not noticed the lines that supposedly connect the dots? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell, Jr., grows up in the north of New York. At home his father has many technical commercial documents and one book. He has pictures of heaps of dead bodies. The boy is browsing the book, his dad does not like to do it. What should it tell me? The family leaves from the northern part of the state of New York to Berlin. BANG. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theatrical playwright. What games does he write? In which language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks charming. The parents return to the USA and invite their son to do the same. He does not. Why? Because growing up in Germany feels more German than American? Because he is successful? Because his wife is? Because he likes his life there? Because he likes Nazis? Because he is simply lazy and does not like changes? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the man just does not care, he is not interested in politics, he is a kind of existentialist. He states that he is deeply in love with his wife. He talks about his Republic of Two (that is, he and his wife). There is little evidence of his love for his wife in the film, it seems to be a republic of Unity. <br /> <br /> At the request of the American Campbell agent Jr. agrees to broadcast anti-Semitic Nazi hatred for American listeners propagates as a device for sending encrypted messages to US authorities that read between the lines. The key meeting with an agent on a park bench in Berlin is short, uninteresting and anti-climatic, the decision to play is quite easy without any explanation, promotion to the sender seems to be calm and evidently fast. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., appearing in the air as the last free American. The scheme of sending secret messages is quite realistic and exciting - although you may wonder what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and honestly had to cough, hiccup, etc. (He must have horribly misled the news). In any case, the Nazis lose, the wife dies (touring in the Crimea for German soldiers - I never heard that such trips really took place on German fronts during World War II), Campbell, Jr., says he is going to the Russian front, but he is not riding, he is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his cup (how did it happen?), he is dragged on a sightseeing trip in Auschwitz, and then released and resettled with the help of a Key Agent somewhere in the city of New York. /> <br /> AND THIS IS WHERE HISTORY REALLY STARTS <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it's like Paul Auster's story. It is 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in a New York townhouse as a misfortune and mourns the loss of his wife. Nobody really cares - are they? Yes, they do it somehow, and his neighbors offer some entertainment. Survivors of Auschwitz. Painter. Some American supremacs discover him and want him to be their figure. Even his suspect deceased wife found for him whether he was his wife? Anyway, finally Campbell, Jr. they strictly give him treatment of the Big War Criminal, placing him in a cell adjacent to Adolf Eichmann. He writes his life story and, when this task ends, hangs on the ribbons of a typewriter without the slightest oxidation. <br /> <br /> Although I see that there must be a matter of guilt and loss, I had the impression that the main character is a person who is completely indifferent to everything at all times and almost can not love anyone. It was difficult to sympathize with the looser who mourns his loss. Amazingly, many reviewers focus on his potential war hero status, putting his reputation on the game for playing at Last Free American. courage, in fact, however, the film suggests that, by accepting the task, Campbell created a win-win situation for everyone, because he would be politically safe, regardless of who won the war. The danger of its discovery never appears in the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> You can argue that the whole story is a fantastic fantasy and no one should bother with historical accuracy or logical development of a story that explains everything. But even then, it makes no sense, first of all, I suspect, because romance in the Republic of Two falls completely flat. It's a pity, especially if you take into account that wife Sheryl Lee, talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has too little time on the screen and is forced to use a funny German accent. Another neglected aspect are different texts (confession, broadcast and hidden messages), but I think that this is largely impossible. Maybe I should give this book a chance.
