I giggled several times during this movie. I laughed out loud during the notarial handover of the margarine company (pun intended). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first of them is to be a trick of a "woman" who grows up in movies and launches a career. The Tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment. Most cast members are not here on IMDb. They are lucky. Few other people will be able to combine this thing with the ruin of their acting career. <br /> <br /> The second segment is a parody of a "shark woman who sleeps at the top and takes control of huge industry films". Robert Culp has some funny moments, all physical moods, including the mentioned message. After the death of the character, the segment falls lower and lower when the Dominique Corsaire grows higher and higher. Before I became the first lady, I wanted to pull the cable out of the TV and watch "snow". Instead, I moved to Pakistani music videos. I do not understand Urdu or any language in which there were films. It was even better than to listen to dialogue in this painfully boring 'history'. <br /> <br /> Then came the "Municipalians" from the * big * stars, half of them on the screen for less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and ... * Robby Benson. young teams of policemen with hardened, abusing an elderly policeman who needs retirement * bad * movies. The horizontal bar of the police lamp is impressive. It was interesting to see the old RTD buses, the sign of the Shell gas station and the American Savings sign - none of them is around. Nagurski "Never stop wherever you have to get off" made me smile for a moment. Then they discuss how boring a young policeman is. Much. Back and forth about how boring it is. It was as boring as this description of how boring it is. Law number four of Nagurski, "Never enter the music store that was cut with an acetylene torch", made me think that the music store is a real business in the actual location that the dispatcher gave. Thinking about it was more interesting than the configuration of the gaga that followed. Young Falcone (Benson) is shot. Much. He becomes a hardened policeman like Nagurski. The segment is still working. Still. And on. It will not stop. It rolls mercilessly forward, no matter how many times you would just * die *, so it will end. It is not so. It lasts and lasts and continues ... Then the episode "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" appears, which I saw four times. Thank God! This fatal movie ended when I went to the post office.
