If the term itself was not devoid of geographical and semantic meaning, one could refer to "Ned Kelly" as "Australian West". For the people Down Under Ned Kelly was apparently a bandit of a folk hero, similar to Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. A descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an Australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was placed in prison. To return to the government for this abuse, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other companions became famous bank robbers, winning the hearts of many people in the countryside, at the same time striking for justice in a country where Irish immigrants were often treated with contempt and contempt by the who ruled the country. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we have often met with this scenario of a "gentleman's bandit", "Ned Kelly" feels terribly familiar and non-original pay homage to any number of stereotypes and stereotypes of the genre on the road to inevitable gameplay. Ned is a typical lawbreaker who kills only when he is forced, and even then, with the deepest regret. It also has the pulse of ordinary people when, during a bank robbery, it picks up a precious watch to one of its clients after one of its gangs so thoughtlessly plundered it. What movie on this particular topic does not contain such a scene? They are, of course, such selective generosity that bring him love and respect for all small people who come to secretly admire anyone who can escape from sticking to power and the existing status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays a typical villain who feels personally involved in the fall of this stubborn troublemaker, who keeps running away from tweaking the plant. There is even an inevitable episode in which one of the detained women enters the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so he is impressed by the romantic bravura lifestyle. And the film is saturated with one well-worn scene, like the one on the other. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does not stand out in the title role, providing little content to make his character interesting or engaging. It does not help that he was forced to provide the horrifying narrative of the lector, which emphasizes the sanctity and pretentiousness of both the character and the film. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" can perform a function as a lesson in Australia's history, but as entertainment, it's the same old story told with different accents.
