I've heard bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the cult hum. As it turns out, the first movie from the new impresario Eli Roth, it's just such an effort with falling IQ points as the film progresses. There are worse films there, and certainly even more bloody (although I'm not sure how the noise counter was so high on the blood counter in the hostel, there is a lot for fans of the genre). The premise does not have to be bad either: children go to the hut for a week of partying to meet a very sick man, covered in blood, who are burning in panic. He spins dead in the water, which feeds the tank, and soon all heroes succumb in one way or another eating meat to the virus. The heroes, or leading college colleagues (including Rider Strong as the hero and James DiBello as a stupid side-bar), or supporting "rural" people are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully. <br /> <br /> When they meet with fate, the burghers become quite strange and it seems that they are not reasonably thrown together without many laughter; "Pancakes kid" appears out of nowhere and maybe it would be more fun in another movie or alone, but in the context of the rest of the movie it just does not work. There is also a young policeman who is even more stupid and less convincing than others. And the family that followed DiBello after the incident has some opportunities that are not being implemented. But all the time Roth pumps his script with common sense through the window and suddenly scares and scares when people cut blood and a deadly dog ​​wanders over it. This is not all. Now, in contrast to the smaller horror films of Troma, or even smaller ones from the 70s or 80s, to which I am sure that Roth is an avid fan - it does not make him impossible to watch. It is also good to have no explanation where the virus comes from. <br /> <br /> But unlike these movies, he also has no clue about what makes campus times terrifying. His film tries it, of course, and only once or twice does it make a stupid, bloody time (I did it like a random rabbit who sees it in a wheelchair). It is not even badly filmed (though with its own imagined style choice ala red shade on the lens or this story with a bowling alley worker). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices (shaving legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh) and has a rather typical background. If it's your cup of tea, more power for you. But in the end it turned out that it is really an unusual territory of the genre that does not offend the sensitivity of the audience ala Saw, but does not swing on the fence or as a clever movie B. Roth also wants to finish the movie on the real note "what the hell", as Santa's clerk, a bearded grocery store from an earlier movie, serves the black group. It could work if he followed something better or completely dropped it. The same can be said for many films. DOWN-
