The foundation of Cabin Fever begins as if it CAN have something to offer. A group of teenagers from college after the finals (autumn?) Goes to a rest house in the forest, where they are attacked one after the other by an invisible meat eating virus. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where all distant elements stop the quality of the movie. Cabin Fever is not much more than college kids looking for sex, alcohol, talking about nothing and seeing how many F bombs you can get in 1:40 minutes or how long this mess is. <br /> <br /> Children act and react stupidly to everything around. One of them, for example, discovers that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what is she doing? He keeps shaving his legs without paying attention to the wounds. The scene is not much more than glaring. In another scene, Rider Strong from "Boy Meets World" gets bitten by a kid who only says "Pancakes" and likes to do karate on those who are sitting next to him. If you can find out why the "Pancakes" child was in the kit, I would like to know. In any case, Rider caresses a wild dog and goes to wash his bitten hand in the most likely contaminated stream. Another kid likes to drop F bombs in reaction to everything around and shoot squirrels. Why? Your guess is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Strong Rider is the ONLY child with any recognition in this film. He tries to calm people between shouting and shouting and F *** Y **! bombs that people throw. When children do not shout, talk about sex or tell nonsense to other adult characters who are HIGHEST (if possible) idiotic than children! An idiot policeman from IQ 60 can be one of the WORLD actors I've ever seen in a movie at best. You're talking about people who do not play with a full deck, this dork does not even know how to find the cards! LOL! I was like: "Are you STOPING NOW ?!" That makes kids look like geniuses! The only part I liked was the horrifying story of Rider (though bloody) about the insane bowling alley. In interviews, Rider said he had great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to go a little more than shock and gore. There are too many bad things about this movie so that Mr. Roth can get a loan. I would like to agree with Rider and find something similar in this film. Maybe the fall scenery at the beginning? Actually Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from being 1! I hope he has been compensated for this garbage!
