I really do not know if Cabin Fever is to be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it is much closer to a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the horror movie community decided to take a new step and make fun of the genre, bringing the Scream series to life. The list was given in Scream, about all the stupid things that horror characters are going to do, and which are predictable, and the Scream characters finished doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this genre analysis, and led to hope, that from now the horrors will show a little differently, full of irony towards the genre, mockery about the film itself, or at least in their dramatic process than all the "old" films that responded to the same tired criteria. Unfortunately, seeing "Cabin Fever", many of them will see how unkempt, serious, pretentious, boring, and even not terrifying, there are now some "scary" movies, even a few years later. First of all, this film lacks originality in a way that few do. Several times horror stories have been spoken of, the remake of foreign sequels has been discussed, but the setting of the film in the cabin in the forest just does not seem to be a "hommage" for anything, it seems, just a rip off. Whoever wants to be surprised by other factors in the history of the film will not be: once again we are dealing with a movie whose characters are at the age of twenty-several years who will not think rationally when they face a problem, rather argue for hours and fight, than Try to think and do something about it. There is not much emotion in it. Once again, in horror, they are tempted to kiss, love and just have fun, all sorts of things that really do not distinguish them from other horror victims they have seen before. Second, this movie is unimaginably serious. Every situation in which there are heroes, every dialog, every situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that each viewer with a bit of ridicule will feel relief when some characters eventually die. Nothing in the way the movie is directed, written or played, shows no signs of humor or sarcasm, which is quite amazing, considering that the film is about an invisible-never-heard-before-carnal-virus-virus (please do not laugh). I will not even introduce acting, because there are no actors in this movie. The cast certainly was hired for friends or neighbors with the director. Thirdly, and this will hit anyone who has seen a "good" horror earlier, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions repeat themselves several times ("let's try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense, neither in the facts, heroes' psychology, nor even in the comically lame last movie sequence, which is probably supposed to be funny according to director and screenwriters. In the end, I will only notice that the horror has something terrifying in itself. Gallons of false blood, whether they are vomited, squeezed out of cut limbs, or simply dripping from wounds, have never been enough to scare the audience. Such important features as scenario, ideas and even cruelty are required for anyone who claims to have shot something horrible. If I did not consider it a complete failure, I would agree that the film has one talent: it is ugly to look at it disgustingly. However, being stunned and being scared are two very different feelings, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage anyone who is interested or interested in watching the movie, first to check the older main horror films, why not from the 1960s, 70s, 80s, Wes Craven movies, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... this may not only give a good definition of what is frightening or self-harming horror, but also convince viewers that "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example of this film is the few songs that the composer Angelo Badalamenti provided for this film, although they are undoubtedly close to his previous compositions, they are below everything he has ever done.
