Anyone who has read my review for Uwe Bolla's "Alone In The Dark" will remember that I compared the unworthy task of sitting by this piece of human waste to wrest every hair from the hand. Well, use this analogy a step further with this irreversible gutter trash and try to imagine the pain that makes your teeth extracted without novakaine. Do it and you will have a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is all about. <br /> <br /> I've never believed that any movie would be able to overcome the heady shudder that Uwe Boll writes as "the worst film ever made." But to be honest, I have to say that "Cabin Fever" is very close. This is another sad excuse for the film, which had absolutely no valid reason to meet any form of cinema premiere. For someone who claims he loves this horror as much as Eli Roth, he created one annoying and intricate patchwork of a movie that I think I saw in my entire life. How to screw up this story? Think about the potential that this story would have had without a badly written character, no bad writing and no unnecessary and ridiculous comedy. A film about a grotesque meat-eating virus could and should be much better than the one that Roth gave us. This script has failed me on many levels. And although I have no doubt about the obvious talent that this director has, I know that he used the ball in a big way with an idea that could revolutionize the genre of horror. <br /> <br /> To say that it was the production of lost opportunities would actually be a word game. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects can not even save her, and this is one element I usually go for. In "Cabin Fever" there really was nothing that I could easily recommend to anyone. When three-quarters of the crowd comes out of the theater in the middle, you know that the movie is quickly drowning. My best advice for people reading is simply to rent before buying. One look was more than enough for me to know that I would probably never worry about it anymore.
