Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror yarn, "The Fear" will find more reasons to be disappointed in this stupid little continuation. He follows a similar story, but you can not connect to the original, except for the presence of Morty, a mannequin made of wood. Here's a quick overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) witnesses the brutal murder of his father and then taking his life, Mike still suffers from fear of the day. Hoping to get rid of fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and group of friends to his grandparents' house. His plan is for everyone to dress up in costumes that represent their fears and then pose fears to the mannequin Morty. According to the Indian friend, this process is to take away the fear magically. Mike does not know that Morty is possessed by his father's spirit and starts killing friends ... or is Mike doing homicides himself? Who cares? <br /> <br /> They have a few problems with this movie. The first lies on Morty's side. I thought the original made Morty look quite convincing. This time it is painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a false costume. This is particularly evident in the early scenes in which Morty is still to be inanimate, but if you look closely, you will see that he is winking. Another problem is that most heroes do not try hard enough. Some of them, namely Betsy Palmer from Friday, are the 13th fame that was outstanding in this film. But most of them do not make the effort or give them a chance. Finally, there are murders. The initial scenes with the murders in the ax were very convincing. Actually, when I saw them, I thought I had a good movie. When the second half of the movie arrives and the killings really start, everything goes to pieces. Deaths are either ineffective, invisible or predicted (flashes of the next scene when Currie has a blackout). One character dies in the end and no one, including the viewer, even notices. While at the beginning a greater characteristic was needed, it was not that bad. The other half was. I think the new director, Chris Angel, came to this point and really did not know how to record violent scenes, so they turned out to be really messy and pedestrian. Stupid ending does not help either. So, if you really did not like the original and you do not like pulling the splinters out of your skin, you should probably skip "Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos score: 4 out of 10.
