Attack Force has a frightening title and you can almost certainly judge it on a horrible cover because the movie is horrible! Fierce plot lines, uncertain mess and terribly frozen pace make the film difficult to watch from the beginning to the end. I succeeded and I am proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mainly his old days), it is painful to see him in such flakach. Almost the last half-dozen Seagal films have sucked a lot, but some of them had at least some advantages. The power of attack is a mess. From the conception to the release, the film has undergone many changes, from the storytelling line to the current, highly addictive super drug, which is to be released in Romania (the film has several settings, none of which is Romanian, but all look like Romania because they are in Romania!) population. The film is connected with little respect for the state in which the original script was located. Leaky and loose ends are certainly abundant in the movie. It was also a problem in Seagal's last few films, but he has never been so boring. There is a whole plot about the water supply poisoning CTX (it's a nice name for medicines) that has never been resolved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the plot was not the main draw in the Seagal canon, so there was a heavy burden on other departments, especially the action. However, before I look at the action, all other departments are poor. The direction is weak, and maybe better, it looks poor. Who knows how the director Michael Keusch originally intended to make this movie? Between the end of his work, the repetitions of the stunt by Tom Delmar and assembly, a coherent author's vision is completely lost. The best way to describe a movie is simply being in the whole store! The photos are boring, they almost make you sleep, while the droning score (sounding as if it was produced on the cheapest cheap synthesizers) does nothing to stimulate the matter. The cast is also poor, it can not save anything here. Seagal looks bored unrecognizable and is called by most of the picture, clearly when plot points change. He looks tired, overweight and sluggish, unlike previous photos (remarkable because the above mentioned were the key complaints in Seagal's recent photos). The only interchangeable cast member is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains who makes the slimy routine of Brit. It looks like he is returning to the aliens' narrative line because he is playing terribly. It looks like a cross between the body and the vampire hijacker (like the main villain played by some hot rod that sometimes appears, apparently waiting for her husband - Dracula). <br /> <br /> Finally, the action. Well, he is poor. Poorly conceived, poorly shot. There is not much, and Seagal has even less. Stevo does not really reveal a double stunt because there is so little to do. There is even a long (repetitive and boring) action scene during an hour that occasionally crosses the small flashes of Seagal's stand, because Seagal clearly was not there when the scene was filmed, and they wanted to have it in the action scene. Seagal finally appears in person to shoot two guys in the head. Seagal has a loan for producers and script credits, but from what I understand, the film has been changed behind his back to the current state in which it is located. Seagal apparently will not cooperate with these people nor with Castel Studio, terrifyingly sub-Nu-Image (it says something), material. <br /> <br /> Generally, avoid it if you're not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be sure that this great man will probably not want to do anything wrong again. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been filmed, with the same people, promises to be even worse. *
