I hired it because I'm a little tired of NBC programming from the 80s and apparently I saved a lot of money. I do not mind any of the actors and they do a good job for their merits, but this show is flawed by assumption. <br /> <br /> We have a character that is unacceptable. It is full of flaws, not enlightened and a complete jerk on a good day. However, there is no reason why someone should care. When creating an American sitcom focused around a complete jackass, which is revolutionary and full of potential, there simply is not room in this program. Most supporting characters are not fully developed characters, but rather sad training sacks that want to empathize the audience with punching bags. Just like in any sitcom, they are the ones that are the most normal for the audience, and by doing so they negate the main character to such an extent that we see that Bittinger is himself and hurts people, and they just stay because ... .why? There is no reason. Any normal person would just leave abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason - not even really incredible - released by Joanna Cassidy in a unique, two-part episode of abortion that has serious problems - is where the series breaks up. Just to believe that people endured this guy because we were told that he has a heart of gold does not match reality. Even if it is not even drama. It is a badly planned, invented and implemented premise that had a few moments, but overall it met the fate it deserved. Someone had the courage to go out and make a very good idea, but the implementation is so chaotic that it looks like a weirdly written version of Jerry Springer, in which someone is used by this tyrant whom we should root out because we were told. Such a performance requires a skillful touch that actors could easily provide here, but somehow they can not. And this is a fatal mistake that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Assign it to the program in its infancy. Regardless, the program is worth watching. But it really screwed up when I tried to aim at the stars and made the whole company not what it could be.
