Going down as the most expensive movie in Finnish history, until now "Dark Floors" is a horror movie with an extremely Lynchian narrative, which tells of an increasingly debilitating series "Floors" (ironically) in an abandoned hospital in which our heroes are imprisoned. Driven by her autistic daughter and her father, disappointed herself by the hospital's lack of medical progress with her daughter, she goes to the elevator discussing this subject with one of the hospital nurses. In the company of a bodyguard, a businessman and a seemingly intoxicated wanderlust, the collective soon finds a complex abandoned, but they are not alone. "Dark Floors" directed by Finland-born Pete Riski, better known for his television work, is filmed in English using mainly English actors, but he has notable inclusion of probably the most famous Finnish group "Lordi" (winners of the song contest Eurovision in 2006) As alone, i.e. in their monstrous costumes on stage, like movie antagonists, but for the whole of this razzmatazz show fails where it is most needed, in convincing the audience. <br /> <br /> Any movie that has its main character, the phrase "is too quiet" is already directed at a dubious path, and this horror Lordi has influenced this convention. For all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix, alongside a handful of mature clichés, and the worst is that everything that is interesting is not sufficiently developed to resonate. The concept of degrading floors is initially very ominous and provides a sense of inevitable destruction, because the public is aware that prisoners in the hospital have to go further in the mud. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audience in unconscious fear, the viewer is aware that the journey will become even more dangerous, because levels degenerate from shiny white to hellish black, but I do not think the characters are so aware of this fact that they can be dangerous. In addition, the whole film taking place in what is essentially its own bubble of time is again a very nice touch, a concept rarely used in the genre of horror movies, but the characters do not confront the situation with enough fear and anxiety when they come across this fact too easily he continues his activities and without enough real concern for the idea to mean something to the public. These initially good ideas were simply wasted, as if the director and / or Lord Lordi (who had many ideas used in the film) had these thoughts, but could not agree or decide how to use them best and as such lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> Despite all the frustration, there are large amounts of comedy, but not for the reasons that the creators hoped for. Too much is a stereotype, too much is recycled, and too much is simply ridiculous. While Amah Huntley conducts amicable conduct, the characters are ordinary cardboard cutouts that have been pasted into the history of other films. We have a leader who does everything in his power to protect his daughter, alongside a fragile love business. Accompanying the "couple" we have a traditional black man as a tough security guard, with an almost infinite clip on the gun and a poorly believing businessman who looks after himself. The worst, however, is the introduction of Lordi's cast as the creatures of the night that torment our wandering band of misfits, but not for them to appear as themselves. What makes horror terrifying for viewers contextualizes fear. "The Shining" is frightening because it is a member of your family chasing you, in "Dawn Of The Dead" it is our fear of each other and the original cannibalism and irrational thinking patterns that have zombies, in "Alien" is afraid of fear, creation is rationalized, and in "Dark floors" there is nothing like that. It may be unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of the species, but when you do, it shows that it fades significantly and that the aggressors feel nothing more than crazy Klingons, where you can almost see the castle on the clothes they wear, without accumulating any atmosphere "Lordi "They are simply not terrifying. <br /> <br /> It's annoying because we all support the weaker and we hope they will be good, you want smaller productions to say that they can create the same quality movie as "Hollywood" wakes up, just like George A Romero, but it does not always materialize. I liked the movie and did not feel as if I had wasted ninety minutes that I was just sitting, but I felt pleasure on a completely empty level, as if nothing that happened had any meaning or influence on me subconsciously, emotionally or critically. I felt that the almost Lynchian narrative is unique, but disappears in nothingness. Why did this happen? What does it mean? Will they repeat it again? Without even the slightest insight into what will happen, the movie is simply puzzling to be artistic. Was the whole sequence of events real or was it just a sequence of dreams? Did the autistic girl watch the Eurovision Song Contest in 2006. And she just had a very strange nightmare, given the stress she was subjected to? Who knows? And unfortunately I do not manage to work out energy to even care. "Dark Floors" is an annoying experience, while ultimately shallow characteristics and at least show a lot of creative energy from Lord Lordi, who maybe should look for a solo job to fully develop his ideas. It is the one that fans of the group or genre should pursue, but will leave you alone for not having enough light on the situation.
