Well, on the credit side (if you can say it is), Timothy Hines DID manages to capture the original setting of the excellent H.G. Wells. But besides - well, calling a peak with a shovel - sucks. What Master Ed Wood could do with an alleged budget of 20 million dollars! Timothy Hines really makes Mr. Wood, who was a flawed genius anyway, looks like the best filmmaker of all time. The special effects (I think you called them) do not even match the standards of computer games. Acting is perhaps comparable dinner theater, and the accents are terrible. At risk of insulting, many actors of the main men's heroes (especially Biedny Ogilvy), well, hm ,. . . GAY! Ogilva's feeble faces and heave in the fake English countryside, waving a white asbestos handkerchief, as if it were a heat-resistant armor. Hey, Stormtroopers in "Star Wars" also had neat white armor and it did not work, they were still fired. Even when Ogilvy and the Company are fried by the "Ray of Heat" of the Martians (?), They wave and mill in some strange kind of dance, even if they are theoretically DEAD and reduced to skeletons that constantly dance and writhe. Maybe Timothy Hines hired Ray Harryhausen's skeletons, leaving them behind Jason and the Argonauts. Or is it "Josie And The Pussycats"? I do not know. Soldiers, probably because they are "military", seem to explode, like a soldier on crutches and his unfortunate companions carrying a stretcher just behind him. Wow! I love it! But "soldiers" looked like they were either Fascist soldiers from the Spanish Civil War, or Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct in this period.) Perhaps this was a bit of clever subtlety on the part of this wretched Hines genius?). Oddly enough, the vicar character looks exactly like Warwick Goble's original illustrations, and he also performs the most convincing task. Oh yes. Do not forget about THUNDER CHILD. In the book, the warship is described as an iron torpedo. It was a MEANT for enemy RAM ships. Nevertheless, his bow was crumpled after hammering a Bell built on Mars of War Machines, with a small frayed hole in the forepeak, and sank. An armored warship, such as THUNDERCHILD, could have killed TITANIC and survived, but I suppose that the Royal Navy was bound by the same limitations as our own military. Costumes are wrong, especially the uniforms of the British army and police, cobbled together with the USMC Alpha. And Timbo, in obvious tribute to Western Films Of Yore, apparently made his movie in Wild West England, because all his riders use Western saddles. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be a mixture of some Scottish regional accent used by Klan Macabre and the magical delicious Irish accents of Malarky County. On the credit side, contrary to what one of the reviewers wrote, the only authentic, authentic feature of this item is artillery. The weapon does not come from the Civil War, but it seems to me that they are real British nine or twelve-pound Rifled Breach Loader chargers, perfectly authentic for this period. Like the ammunition shown. But the gunner, who is the driver in Horse Artillery, has not been shown correctly by leading his limber. You do not sit on the icy limber wing and run a team of shooters, you ride a horse on a wheel. Opening, using what I consider an authentic period film, is fine, and the result is not bad. However, to the best of my knowledge, Weybridge never had an underground, and certainly not in 1898. <br /> <br /> But growing up reading this novel, I am very disappointed. I was even more disappointed in the Spielberg zillion version with special effects. Maybe his version would benefit from converting Anthony Pian to Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have much more to say, but for now I will allow myself: I regret that someone will not create a GOOD version of "War Of The Worlds" that is true to the original. Timmy's vision is good for the school movie class, or maybe I should say pretentiously stupid to a college-level film student, and more or less bad, what's the best I can say for that thing, but that's all. Oh yes. Where is the budget? And what happened to Michael Caine? I would like to hear HIS comments! I suspect that the breathtaking Timbo "Orson Wood" Hines movie masterpiece can be a risky ticket for a cult star, because I have to admit to the guilt of watching this movie, which I did not pay for it, but was sent to me carefully by a friend who burned a copy of a DVD for me, without any malicious intentions that I was able to determine. I must add here that I thought that the dubbed and abridged version of Blackmoon is not only a huge improvement, but an absolute, hysterical funny (in a good way) game. It's hard for me to see the Master Timbo version after Blackmoon. Hold it, Tim! Create your own version of "DUNE" now. It's just waiting for a master like you! And all those who snobbish snobs hated Cloverfield? FORGET ABOUT IT. CAN NOT COVER TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY FOR WARMING, GREAT ASSOCIATIONS! HEY GET LIFE! TIMBO IS HOT THAN MASTER ED WOOD! I DID NOT WANT TO!
