Lordi was a big buzz and revelation in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest (not so heavy) metal song "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on the stage dressed as hideous monsters. But let's face it, their victory probably had little to do with their great musical talents. The Eurovision Song Contest gradually turned into one big political circus over the years, and Lordi probably just won because their song finally brought some changes and ?? what's more important - because their whole game is brilliantly faked by the entire annual event. The absolute last thing that brings the first (and hopefully last) Lordi's horror is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors", based on the idea of ​​a vocalist and playing the rest of the band in supporting roles, is a truly unimaginable and hopeless accumulation of stereotypes. A huge budget ("Dark Floors" is supposedly the most expensive Finnish film in history) definitely provides very gruesome songs and impressive makeup art, but why there is no story worth telling at all? The film takes place in a crowded hospital, where a group of people, among them a father and his young daughter with an unidentified illness, are trapped in an elevator during a power failure. When the door opens, the floors are empty and it looks like the hospital has been abandoned for many years. Trying to reach the exit, the group encounters several morbid and inexplicable obstacles, such as eyeless corpses, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters emerging from the floor. The only three points that I pass on, "Dark Floors", are intended only for the scenery and the corresponding building of tension in the first half of the film. As long as the ominous events do not require explanation, the atmosphere is quite frightening, but as soon as you realize that the explanation will be a) to be very stupid or b) never come, a healthy collapse is like an unstable house of cards. Lordi's costumes have never been really frightening (except perhaps traditional Eurovision fans), and in combination with a story more reminiscent of Asian horror-ghost, they just look pitiful and bad. With all the national myths and really unique external locations, I've always personally thought that Finland? Land of a thousand lakes? would be the perfect breeding ground for potentially terrifying horror stories, but I think it's another disappointment in my account.
