I just lost three hours of my life to this travesty and I can honestly say that I feel violated. I have read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was prepared for anything - at best I thought it was a faithful (if incorrect) attempt at original adaptation; in the worst case, such a good-bad-bad "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I was able to get a copy in Walmart, Florida and bring her back to the UK, I joked to my friends: "Prepare for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this movie. The "special" effects look like the work of the first student designer using the ZX81 Spectrum. Acting is terrible, the accents are worse than terrible (the accent of one artillery seems to take a trip around the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales through Northern Ireland), the dialogue is limited, the edition does not exist, the production values ​​prove that no expenses were incurred. Words can not really describe how bad the movie is; with the Union Flag flying from terrible CGI'd Thunderchild (Royal Navy flies the White ensign, and NOT the Union flag) for acting with a crank, it is simply a crime against film production. When you consider some of the zero-budget movies that are available on the web (for example, short "Star Wars" in Star Wars), the whole argument "we are enthusiasts of amateurs" comes straight out of the window. And if you believe in an interview with Hine on Pendragon, this movie had an 8-fold budget! I can only assume that the suspicious hair on the face is not cheap in the US. Perhaps the problem is that Hines and the company tried to make a movie from a book instead of turning a book into a movie (if that makes sense). Signs and additions speak parts of the text literally, not trying to convey feelings behind words. Ironically, the ONLY person who was close to a decent performance was Darlene Sellers, a former porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne will not screw up and do not look at the Spielberg version. Maybe this is not compatible with the text of the book, but I can say it; As a longtime fan of HG Wells (as well as an Englishman) Speilbergs is faithful to the Spirit of the book. Maybe the customs have made a mistake, allowing me to take this monster home, but I will say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want to get them back.
