One of the weaker adventures of Carry He sees Sid James as the head of a criminal group stealing contraceptive pills. The fourth in the series to be hospitalized is probably the smallest of the genres. The whole thing is strangely flat, and everything seems squandered on the material below par. This is far from the late 70s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard and others. they are all class performers, but they did not support the script equal to their abilities. <br /> <br /> Most gags are run, not episodic, as usual Carry Ons. So instead of the traditional hit and missing ratio, if the joke is not funny to you, you'll get stuck in it for most of the movie. These continuous story lines are Williams ?? for no reason? worrying about changing sex, and Kenneth Cope in the middle. Like the falling pratt, the whole thing seems more imaginative than in other films and deprived of interest. Continuing this topic, Matron lacks the typical pun and format of innuendo, largely deciding on the characteristics and consequences to ensure humor. In fact, the somewhat fluffy series of difficult misunderstandings and forced circumstances is even more reminiscent of Terry and June ... so it's right for Terry Scott to be present, choking himself in vain all the time. <br /> <br /> Some dialogue exchanges have some old magic, like the one between Scott and Cope: "What about a small drink?" "Oh, no, no, I will never touch it." "In that case a cigarette?" "No, I never touch them." "That leaves you only one thing." "I do not touch it either." Having said that, while the amusing man in itself (enlivening the boring episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (the Dead) has no end), you feel that Cope is not quite attached to the parody of ideology. Carry On and Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a nurse would be much more fun. This is partly because only for the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams trying to seduce Hattie Jacques, while Charles Hawtrey is hiding in a cupboard, is a pure farce in a drawer, but lacks the irony to wear it off. He said that the description of premarital relations of Williams is priceless: "Not only do you enter the store and buy enough for the whole room, you break away from the small bar and try it first!" "Yes," Jacques contemplates, "but you will not put me in wall. " Williams really comes alive in his scenes with Hattie and you can never get bored hearing a tin whistle when someone accidentally flashes panties. <br /> <br /> Do not worry about the movie. crushing-peat standard.
