I watched this film version of the classic novel R.D. Blackmore as a substitute until the 2001 A & E video version was released on video. And what a poor substitution turned out to be !!!! <br /> <br /> This version has no real aspect of the "A & E" movie. Actors are mostly wooden (with Sean Bean exception), and "romance" seems to be forced and invented. In fact, there is no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whatever you prefer) and the bad Carver Doone is not mentioned or developed. We do not have much insight into Carver here, nor why she has any (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film cuts out many key and interesting characters of novels, such as Dorota Doone and the youngest sister of John, Lizzie, which were key to the story. The script itself is not convinced. Political intrigue is also not present in the scenario. The way Lorna came from Doones is not compatible with the original story. Do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (look at the confirmation of Gosford Park and King Arthur), but it turns out that he is gentle and stoic, and long hair (maybe it was a bad wig) just does not match him !! !! Polly Walker is a charming and talented actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, in which she also played with Sean Bean), but it seems to be colorless and bland. He has a sore lip, which makeup can not hide, and the costumes do not seem authentic. The late Robert Stephens is making a serious turn as Sir Ensor Doone, although he only refers to Lorna as his favorite, and not the granddaughter she was said to be in the book. Besides, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe this is makeup), and the scenery is brown, cold, gray and barren, with no sunny sky. I understand that it is set in south-west England, but there is green and there is no sun !!! The presentation of Tom Faggus' character and his "death", which does not take place in the novel, further reduces the film. The only positive note is the performance of Sean Bean as Carver. Although it is not even close to matching the image of Aidan Gillen in the film A & E, Bean makes one malicious villain. In short, watch it only when you have a few hours to kill, but do not expect anything exciting or true to the novel. See every other version (but I highly recommend the A & E movie) over this tired adaptation.
