Admittedly, I did not have high expectations for "Corky Romano". But on the other hand, who did it? I felt, however, that he deserved this doubt. I did not have much hope for "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy with a member of the SNL cast - and it ended that I was pleasantly surprised. But this movie is just as bad as it looks in the announcements. Chris Kattan is actually a gifted comic actor - in contrast to what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He was in many of SNL's entertaining sketches and I think he is one of the most talented cast members on SNL. In this case, he received a poor, senseless script and tries to remedy every scene with his constant robbery. He tries to lame Jerry Lewis in every scene and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to do this kind of physical comedy, not to mention working much better. Kattan just looks like some unconscious fool with ADHD who has too much Cafe Lattes. He does not even wait for the punch line; it assumes that we will all laugh when it starts to jump like a monkey on a crack. In one of the scenes ends in a jerking match with a dog who has a packet of cocaine in his mouth. The package explodes and cocaine splattering on it. He returns to work, unbuttoned on cola. How can we laugh at being hyper and on edge when doing the same for the whole movie? <br /> <br /> As for the other cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is wasted in the thankless role, like Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, although he has some fun lines that I'm sure he improvised. I hope Falk will soon get a decent movie. It's too much talent to waste on the cluster like "Corky Romano". I did not like the last Falk movie "Made", but at least it had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I chuckled a few times, but I could not laugh a bit. Each gag is made without a sense of time or delivery. And it's even worse with Hammy Kattan's act. And there are some gags that are drawn with all their strength. For example, when Kattan has fart in the faces of two brothers. He stands there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get out a fart, and when he finally does it a bit small. Bad enough when you have a gag that's funny and drag it, but when you have a lame gag and pull it out, it's a lot worse. Another example is the situation in which he tries to translate what the two Asian men say during a drug bust. I can talk about what's wrong with this so-called comedy, but I'm not going to waste time. As I said before, if you predicted bad things from trailers - you predicted good. <br /> <br /> My result: 3 (out of 10)
