Why is this movie so bad? Well, if it's so stupidly irritating and indecent, then this movie is like that. The character of Corky Romano is unlikely at best, and at worst irritating. Gags are predictable, but it does not make it bad. They are a poor kind of predictable jokes that your indecent friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is a gentle-raised vet who tries to do well but is so clumsy. His peaceful life is thrown into the loop when the family who rejected him need him now to infiltrate the FBI to destroy all traces of the family's crime story. But for Corky, it's not that easy, because the FBI thinks he's a super agent and has the job of spying on his family. Mishaps and mayhem do happen, but there really does not seem to be any comic hijixn. Corky falls in love with her beautiful FBI partner and must set a record for both the FBI and his family if he is to calm down again. <br /> <br /> I think that what makes this movie irritating is both the main actor and the alleged jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limitations as an actor and actor, as the only record that slapstick routine falls about 10 minutes in the film. It's good to have a full movie based solely on stupid, bizarre humor. Will Ferrel, SNL's partner in Kattan, seems to have made a full career out of it. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to kill him and rely on other ways to tell a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in the Kattan routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for the whole movie, which is just pure torture. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the movie was the lack of really original and FUNNY jokes. A gay mafia brother, awkward guy, sch-tick, and many other jokes that you forget do not seem as funny as you barely dared to laugh at it for the first time. It seems that the screenwriters had more fun writing it than anyone watched. Even with the cast who has comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the jokes that start are tired. There is also no chemistry. This movie was of course one of the actors' textbooks. No body took care of it or even tried it. Sadly, no body told Chris Kattan that.
