Although I heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian Brazilian film of the decade, I saw it giving it a chance; In the end, for the first time, the director / producer / writer Alexandre Stockler made his debut in the movie (using video) for 4,000 USD and - although it looks cheaper - I can not imagine what he went through to finally put him in cinemas, without big sponsors and production companies (when I watched it, I understood why). Regardless of the chances of "Cama de Gato", they will shrink to zero within 10 minutes: this is an incredibly ridiculous, talkative, ideologically fanatical and technically devastating attempt to depict Brazilian high-end middle class youths as a bunch of spoiled neo-Nazi addicts from bad sex, drugs and violence (and also give the impression of closed gays), created without a visible trace of talent, imagination, specialist knowledge or the concept of structure. Visually and sonically it resembles the worst amateur things that can be found on YouTube - only here goes NINETY TWO (count) minutes of constant hysteria and clumsiness, and this is not even funny - bad. <br /> <br /> We've all seen this story before: bored young guys want to have fun, play, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there is group rape, spanking, murder, accidental death (falling down the stairs !!) mother of one of the boys, whose culmination was the decision of the boys to burn the bodies of the girl and mother in a garbage dump. Moral and literal junk, do you understand? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Children" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - although also moralistic and sexual - are high-class masterpieces compared to this nonsense. <br /> <br /> I do not think that there has ever been such a monomaniac drive directed by a filmmaker to hide his ideas in the throat of the audience: Stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his non-stop moral rant to our brains by repeating and exhaustion - you get numb minds with so many mumble, screams, inefficient direction, shaky camera and horrible action. Stockler does not care about the technique (image quality, cropping, sound recording, soundtracks, dialogs, sets, editing etc. It is equally frightening), but he is a narcissistic control freak: he anticipates the criticism he is bound to gain by adding subtitles with comments smartie / cutie, and making heroes a comment at some point, how far and fake it all (I could refer to THIS). <br /> <br /> Despite his megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems incapable of providing us with a minimal visual or narrative structure - he can not even decide whether he wants realistic realism (hand-held video camera etc.) or stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternative shots, etc.). Shit, he can not even decide WHERE to put his camera (THERE'S using a subjective camera for THREE leads)! Dialogue contains some of the most stunning trivial chatter in history; the plot exists to justify the Director's deep hatred for his character and what they represent. You see that the filmmaker is hateful, preaching, condemning, moralizing without the benefits of minimal talent (or technique) to work with him. <br /> <br /> It's very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Certainly one of the most promising young movie actors in Brazil, with his sleeping look and emotional advantage, which often resembles Sal Mineo, the tabletop can be very effective in the right direction (as in "Carandir", "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido Proibir "). Here he was told to go up and play with the most embarrassingly uninformed "actors" in the latest memory. He also enters the risky kingdom of sexual sex scenes (so devout that they look more like Internet pornography). <br /> <br /> The film begins and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle class youth - Stockler wants us to take these interviews as "evidence" of what he is trying to preach in fiction. But he blatantly despises and ridicules his interlocutors, choosing the worst, racist, sexist, stupid statement (which shows that there are assholes everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class youth are ALL current or future fascists. BECAUSE they are middle class and they like recreational drugs (does he say that all neo-fascists are on drugs? Or that drugs are potentializing fascist behavior - do not talk). <br /> <br /> With its dogmatic hypocrisy, headache technique and bored boredom, "Cama de Gato" is evil for 1000 reasons, but above all it is harmful in a very tricky way: it gives the opponents of Brazilian cinema a powerful argument. "Cama de Gato" is best read, unmentioned, buried and forgotten.
