A thorough review of Nuremberg must include the door to history accidentally opened with the help of the film "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world that during the World War there was a German resistance professionally organized with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to shift the Nazi political regime, install a new chancellor, obtain peace and close concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes received no help from the allies who helped the French resistance movement next door. Since then, the authors of history have used the institutionalized agenda to hide allied evil, which cost many tens of millions of people, so that everyone would believe in fraud, that the German people fully supported the Nazis and consequently deserved 24-hour genocide and "unconditional surrender" which was imposed on Germans. <br /> <br /> The German enigmatic codes were broken by English scientists in 1943, so most of what the Germans did was known. In 1943, the Germans developed new jet fighters and jet bombers by companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and the German resistance was successful, the allies would not allow any democracy in the world to own jet fighters, jet bombers, fast submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-controlled missiles, without having them previously owned by the US! The institutionalized program is important here. Therefore, the German resistance did not help the allies at all, although they always had the key intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup d'état of July 20, 1944. It is proof that the Germans made considerable efforts to obtain peace. Instead, the Germans received an ultimatum of "unconditional surrender" and a 24-hour bombardment of saturation to avoid peace. The allies wanted to steal the greatest German technology and scientists from the Germans and have total ownership through "unconditional surrender." It was a deliberately planned alliance program that allowed the war to consolidate and maintain Nazi power to justify 24-hour bombing, but it was a year after d-day before the allied armies entered Germany to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists in gun barrel. However, tens of millions of people have died because the allies have abandoned German resistance for their own greed. <br/> <br /> The Allies imposed an "unconditional surrender" on the Germans as a pretext to take over ownership and control of German property and government, and this was done without the use of German resistance to Nazi abuses. The allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from Germany to achieve global technological supremacy. As a consequence, everything else took the second place in the bad allied program, which killed millions of Germans in a 24-hour bombing; concentration camps remained open; the war was extended and led to a "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technologies and scientists taken from Germany in the Second World War. <br /> <br /> War crimes trials in Nuremberg in 1946 were public deceptions and mass murders by the Allies as a retrospective justice for the Nazis. It was a smokescreen to hide the evil and greedy ally program of world technological supremacy, and not help the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. <br /> <br /> Dozens of millions of people were killed because the allies left the German resistance on the agenda, but they still punished the German Chiefs of Staff who paid with Nuremberg's war crimes or not, although the allies did genocide to achieve world-wide technological superiority.
