"The True Story of Jesse James" Fox (1957) is an extremely poor panoramic version of their prestigious classic from 1939. Tyrone Power / Henry Fonda "Jesse James". I'm not sure where the error lies, but the casting in this version of the two main characters, the uneven direction of Nicholas Ray and the script with ham must have something to do with it. <br /> <br /> In the late 1930s and 1940s Tyrone Power was Fox's leading leader, but in the fifties his star began to falter, and the head of the studio Darryl Zanuck began to prepare a new friend Robert Wagner to take his place. It was a serious mistake in part of Zanuck, because Wagner turned out to be less than a suitable substitute. With the possible exceptions "Broken Lance" (1954) and "Between Heaven & Hell" (1956) it is hard to think of Wagner, who stands out in anything! In addition, Jeffrey Hunter was none other than Fox's contract player before he was assigned to Frank James's James Jesper James Jesper in "The True Story Of Jesse James." Borrowed from the studio last year, one of the outstanding actors was his excellent and revealing performance in the classic The Searchers by John Ford. But his playing here, like Wagner as the other half of James Brothers, is nothing but boring. None of the players brings any personality or color to their roles. They completely miss the lack of charisma and attractiveness, so vividly presented by Power and Fonda in the original. The film is also marked by too many flashbacks, and with the entire scenario Wagner, as Robin Hood from the American West, is seen as a graceful introverted twit that does not feel any empathy. Supporting cast is not worth mentioning, but it's a shame to see such a great actress as Agnes Moorhead, who barely looks like Ma James. <br /> <br /> The best aspect of this unwavering western movie is the great cinematography Cinemascope / Color by the great Joe McDonald and the outstanding music by the underestimated and little-known composer Leigh Harline!
