Before I give Spike Lee's mess on SUMMER OF SAM, a well-deserved thrash, I'd like to explain one thing. I do not curse this movie just because of the abundance of dingy and unpleasant images. What makes this movie so unobservable is that Lee seems to believe that SUMMER SAM should be taken seriously as a socially instructive drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino's films with criminal whims are overwhelmed with violence, profanity and other insults, but nevertheless they are very careful, because Tarantino does not try to reject these films as works of art that redeem socially. He knows that such films are for entertainment only. On the other hand, serious dramas, such as SAVING THE PRIVATE RYANA and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but the unpleasantness serves to develop the plot and characters of the film, and the ultimate goal is to emotionally engage the audience in the story and characters on the screen. SUMMER OF SAM, unfortunately, simply plunges into his own sensation and ignominy, at the same time believing that he serves as a social commentary, like other trash epics. <br /> <br /> SUMMER SAM does not serve as a serious drama, because his characters are only stereotypes cut out of cardboard. His conspiracy is intended to show the emotional impact of hysteria on the murders of the Son of Sam on the inhabitants of the mainly Italian-American northern Bronx district, where murders broke out. However, instead of presenting the locals as a diverse blend of personality, Lee simply throws out any negative Italian stereotype imaginable. Men are ignorant, lazy, exaggerated goombahas. Women are divided between weak, satisfied "good girls" (Mira Sorvino's Dionna) and dissolute "bad girls" (Ruby Jennifer Esposito). Lee seems vengeful about "paying back" to Hollywood for years of negative Afro-American stereotypes, twisting his own stereotypes and few critics seem to care. For example, if Martin Scorsese presented the stereotypes of Amos Andy and Aunt Jemima to the inhabitants of the Afro-American neighborhood, critics would rightly condemn such blatant stereotypes. More importantly, one-dimensional, stereotypical characters undermine any movie that tries to be a serious social comment. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the cast of SUMMER OF SAM is excellent. However, the action is largely uninvited. The cast either goes through the moves or has little work with the script. In addition, there is a misunderstanding. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his character Vinny seems to be an obsolete, comic personification by Tony Manero John Travolta from the SATURDAY NIGHT NIGHT. And Michael Badalucco, the eternal actor of a "nice guy", is poorly manned as serial killer David Berkowitz, who seems rather amusing than frightening. The only spectacle worth paying attention to is Adrien Brody as an anxious but honest Ritchie. Brody's performance and typically stylish Lee photos are the only advantages of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of ****
