After hearing oral words about how bad this movie is, I decided to buy a DVD. He said that everything I mentioned earlier is true. In the case of a movie that claimed to have a budget in millions, it simply does not appear on the screen. The list of problems with the film can go on forever. The most important of them is that the film is simply too long. It stretched for a few minutes after 3 hours. Almost an hour, you could probably cut off if the editor simply removed the excess of scenes dealing with nothing more than the main character wandering aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as many have noticed in "teasers", special effects are nothing special. Tripods looked OK in several shots here and there, but otherwise everything was qualitatively-from the 70's or 1980's. Probably the worst effects were the horses that stiffly fluttered back and forth as they moved. The effects of the radius of heat were ridiculous because people were reduced to bones that somehow were able to flail without muscles. Also pathetic was the Thunder sequence, in which Piorun, described in the book as an iron ram, did not look like this. Instead, he resembled a WWI destroyer, equipped with on-board rifles (which fired but had no visible crew) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> Colors and backgrounds were just as bad as the effects. The most ridiculous scene was where the main character and his wife were going for a night walk, and he pointed to Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the heroes and the surrounding landscape are very bright. There is also a very sharp border between a real landscape, bathed in full sun, and a fake black night sky with excessively large, blurred stars. To make it even smaller, the color of the scenes did not make sense. Some are bathed in orange light. In others, green light. In still others there is a blue light. In some cases, the outer surfaces are orange, but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. The number of frames per second and the camera are very shaky, giving everyone a stuttering look. <br /> <br /> Finally, the operation is generally below normal. One of the men depicts two figures whose only difference is the lack of a mustache. This led to some misunderstandings about who was who and where everyone was. English accents, even for American ears, are outrageous. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, this movie can very well be attributed to the worst film released recently. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other recent flops, but this one, because of the low quality in all respects, must certainly be worse than anything the Hollywood mainstream has released. I would not be surprised if the film was at the bottom 10 or 20 in the IMDb ranking. It is a pity that the Mystery Science Theater is not around yet.
