*WARNING. MAY BE COMED BY AN SPOILER IF APPLICABLE. In practice, this means a lot of time, looking at the time to see how long this movie will drag. A group of boys from the brotherhood, along with selected girls and volunteers, organize a haunted charity house. The project is led by a completely deterrent character whose main goal seems to be a verbal and physical attack on as many cast members as possible. It was hard for me to believe that anyone could even try to work with this person in any capacity: he is only naughty and offensive to everyone, including his girlfriend and his buddy. Regardless, the children are visited by a local hero and annual pumpkin master pumpkin "Pumpkin Jack", an older cox described as "Santa Claus from Halloween", who drops the load of props into the house, including the sinister book that was on the first place in the annoying flash of the prologue (where the group of chitist-worshipers turns into fry). Needless to say, some damn fool begins to play with the book and eventually most of the dressed monsters turn into real, and the other few normal people have to try to survive. There are a few good things in this movie, but not much: everything is well done, and the makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, performers either do not act or behave drastically; a significant part of the story does not make sense beyond the series "it happens that it can happen"; there is hardly any music to talk about, only fragments of songs throughout the movie; and the film takes an hour to reach any place. This last problem is the most eloquent: two-thirds of the 90-minute working time is used to set the character repeatedly. Tom is a nice guy who sets up with Heidi, but he used to meet Jill, who now meets Dan, but Kira's relationship with a girl who wears too many shawls / cloaks. Dan is a really big jerk, Gary likes to play jokes, and Steve and Lily like sex. Things that could be easily solved within 20 minutes go on until the lesbian sex scene (calm down, it's quite tame) made me start looking for a quick scroll button. That leaves us with half an hour of fear of calories, an unbearable ending and a deep-seated dislike of pumpkin Jack, whom I blame for the whole mess. Unless you can get it on some loan with a deep discount (and you've really seen everything in the store), put it back on the shelf and look away.
