In this "continuation", Bruce is still called Billy Lo (you know, Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee, no?) But other than that, it has to do with another movie. Billy does not seem to be an actor. He seems to be in a different country. He is more like a spy. He is the only devoted member who has returned and, unfortunately, kills him to make way for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the movie almost dies with him. It was very poorly made. It looked like they were writing a script during filming. The footage works for a while (initially it's not very obvious), but soon Bruce is shown in the dark all the time (turns the light on one stage without any other visible reason to hide the fact that Bruce is not part of it). Unfortunately, when it dies, the movie changes. I can not help wondering if they filmed when they wrote, and maybe they planned to keep Bruce alive, but later they decided to kill him because it would not be possible because Bobby did not show up until Billy died. It's difficult to change the main character in the middle of the movie, and Bruce is hard to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby as a star. Bruce is never seen again in this movie. I think they should have created a sequel without Bruce, who has a lame role in this movie. People who want to see Bruce Lee's new movie will be disappointed to see that although he has the highest bills, he has only a guest role. Even the worst films have at least one unforgettable song. If there's anything about this movie, people seem to be talking, this is the scene Billy fights in the plant nursery. Ironically, he does not even use Bruce Lee's material. Remember that they did it more convincingly in No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other actors did anything else unforgettable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the film is worth a look. I was very sorry that Bruce was dying. I do not understand how a small budget movie could get enough money to use the material from the movie Enter the Dragon. It was a cheap way of earning Bruce's name. Strangely this and the original are recorded in Bruce's filmography. Fortunately, nobody has tried anything like this before. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last movie. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately it is evidence that Bruce's film career should be left alone.
