Can you give a film WITHOUT STARS? I think not. Although many stars display IMDb, just think about zero and you'll get my drift. Director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have much budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean effort with the same material (apparently the most expensive film ever made), but that does not have to be an insurmountable obstacle. I saw a wonderful job done on a comparative lacing ("Soldier and Saints" is the last example). Thanks to hard work, honesty and, above all, talent, you can certainly make a faithful interpretation of Wells' novel - and a fraction of what Dreamworks gave to "War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines failed in all of these departments. Even if he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise signed the contract, his film would be as unruly as the animal he had imposed on us. <br /> <br /> First of all, Hines seems incapable of telling the story. Thanks to digital video technology, it can record images and sound, but shows little capacity to create narratives with what it records. A guy on a country road goes a lot. He speaks badly aped. He received English to another guy. Then he walks the same street, this time shooting from behind to show that he is coming back - clever, eh? Walking and talking, for almost an hour, everything is happening. OK, I admit that one longer trip from the home of the main character to the side of the Horsell Common influence, to show that it is a considerable distance from one place to another, may be useful (a first-year student may have a more economical storyboard and a more aesthetic sequence fixing than this, btw), but half a dozen times? Back and forth, back and forth, et cetera, and so on, with some yakkita-yak in between. Excellent. The only explanation for this excess of redundancy, apart from total artistic inadequacy, is the desire to write thirty minutes of miserably amateur CG's work on something that could be offered as a full-length film. Finally Martian war machines appear, and walking and talking starts running, talking or yelling. Later, we become stunned and disappoint us for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately most of the dialogues are taken straight from the text H.G. Wells; otherwise we would have no idea what is going on. But is not it that the cinema illuminates the text, realizing which words can not communicate? If the film is based on dialogue or a monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel, why bother? Why not play the radio? Orson Welles did the same, doing it. However, Hines thinks he is a filmmaker, so he is happy to say words and swallow meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hines was able to buy some CG effects for his movie, but he has no idea how to use them. Now for one I do not have insatiable sweets for sweets. I believe that good science fiction cinema does not require dazzling technical effects. Some really strong Sci-Fi practically have not developed. But "War of the Worlds" as a film requires some basic effort. Wells tells the story that things can be seen and heard or even sniffed. The effects do not have to be complex; they may even be primitive (eg knitting machines on wires gliding down miniature streets, as seen in George Pal / Byron Haskins 1953), but they must be well supported. Unfortunately, Hines's effects are both harsh and incompetent? machines to fight on a tripod higher than the spire of the cathedral circling around, making noise like a pogo stick reflecting on the linoleum? Martian squidoids, though oppressed by four times more gravity than their native world, rush and sneak without noticeable effort? skeletons completely devoid of body and muscles are writhing and screaming - the same damn horse and greenscreens buggies on their way for a dozen times (turned away from time to time in the hope that we might not notice it) ?? and the advertising museum. The raw technique is forgivable. So you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Okay, we can do it. Just do not use it too often and show only its flashes. This tight sequence of women looks more like a crushed plum? Throw it away. It is not necessary. Are you saying that your Martian leaflet looks like a toy on a string? If you must use it, go ahead, but do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the worst things used again and again. I need to get those 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> <br /> Then we have acting, more precisely acting. Whether in the role of a speaker or simply paid for death in a queue, everyone in this movie behaves like a small heart. Apparently Hines thinks he has the opportunity - More escape in horror! You, shaking behind this tree, let's have a real passion for it. You call it winding in agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can writhe better - Nevertheless, the cast entirely and individually stinks. They are not even good amateurs. But it does not have to be lethal. Many good films have been made with rancorous acting. That's what the directors are for. And editors. What causes another point? Who the hell let Tim Hines edit this cheese factory? If the American butchers were as skilled at cutting meat as Hines when cutting movies, the next hamburger would be fingers and no beef. Despite almost three hours of working time, this film lacks many things - not sequences, but individual frames, creating a herky-jerky effect that is bland to watch. Perhaps Hines's intention was to simulate the effect of a hand crank camera from the 1890s. If he was, I can say he does not know how to do it.
