I would like to start by saying that I am NOT an anime fan (with some notable exceptions) and generally I have a low opinion about the so-called otacus, because they are so in love with their special cartoon brand that they call every movie with spiky, big-eye characters as a work of art, even without taking into account other, more important factors, such as the plot. And no anime movie represents this division between otakusami and people with a real taste than this elegant piece of garbage, Fatal Fury: the Motion Picture. <br /> <br /> As you can see through the glassy, ​​thoughtless eyes of otaku, there is little fault in Fatal Fury - there is a lot of bizarre Japanese humor, duels one on one, a few "dramatic" moments and everything is beautifully drawn. But everyone else will be rejected by a crafted, predictable plot with tuned, predictable characters culminating in a careful, predictable ending. The love scenes are funny, the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is obviously intended as a sensitive moment, but it is virtually impossible not to be thrown into a spiral of stunned laughter from the pure absurdity of it. And of course, Fatal Fury does not do without the obligatory cartoon T & A - it's provided free of charge by the giant Mai Shiranui. And since Fatal Fury IS is based on a series of video games with the same name (oh boy), we are treated in many senseless episodes by popular characters with little or no relevance to the story (they go through the whole problem of introducing Kim early, just to disappeared from the movie completely after this point). This mess in the movie reaches a climax in the unintentionally final battle in which all the main characters engage the all-powerful main villain in a one-on-one battle. This is something that always entertains me ... even when the battles in animated ARE NOT take place in the tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of the fact that it makes no sense! <br /> <br /> Otakus always raves about how anime films should be treated as VIDEOS, unlike ordinary cartoons, and an unsettling part of the same people loves Fatal Fury. Would Fatal Fury be good if it was not for anime? The answer is definitely "no" - the whole charm of the film, what is in it, is in real drawings. If Fatal Fury were not an anime, he would have deserved the episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 if the show was still in the air. This is the key - it's nothing but a ridiculously bad movie B in the guise of an anime epic. If you're a fan of movies so bad that they are really entertaining, consider renting Fatal Fury (or catching it on the Sci-Fi channel), because it's definitely one of them. If you're otaku, DOWNLOAD and realize that the good 90% of the things you see are rubbish. As for everyone else, buy Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but do not even consider watching this movie.
