Sometimes, laughter in the middle of a horror movie is a signal of its size. I remember the nervous laughter of the audience in the re-edition of The Excorcist ?? really nervous laughter. It interrupted how terrified we all watched the voice of Satan coming out of a 12-year-old girl. In the remake of the iconic Wicker Man classic from 1972, I thought that this new Wickerman is just as scary as the South Park character, Scuzzlebut, a friendly forest monster with television player Patrick Duffy by the leg and stalk of the celery for his arm, whose favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> 3 years ago, my friend from Hollywood told me that he had heard that Nicolas Cage was going to do a remake of the film. I started to laugh and my friend (Keith) got mad at me, advertising Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I just did not think he could do it and unfortunately I was right for the moviegoers. The reality has passed, unique original music, originality, creep and wonderfully powerful dialogue. Instead, we have cliches of horror, influence on the game and changes in the story, which make every credibility fall apart. Like many countless Hollywood reworkings that have recently flooded us, we think we are watching the fourth grade at the playground "playing Wickerman." <br /> <br /> The original movie takes place on a distant Scottish island, where a Scottish policeman is lured there to find a missing young girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new rotation, the California policeman (Cage) is lured by his ex-girlfriend to the island of the Washington state coast to find a missing daughter. Sends a picture, and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl he has recently tried to save in a fiery catastrophe. The failure continues to haunt him because the girl's body has never been found. However, even after he receives a letter with her photo, the relationship is completely rejected when he goes north to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He comes to find an island full of actors pretending to be descendants of Wiccan, many of whom seem to have not received a call back for their roles in the Village. And just like The Village does not last long, before you realize that there is nothing to be afraid of. Not even cloudy, blind sisters who speak unanimously. <br /> <br /> I think that the opportunity in Hollywood to make a lot of money on film often involves a large cost of artistry. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many movies, loses contact with the magic that a movie can have when he reaches the point where he has a personal chef on the set preparing snacks. We needed a bad Wickerman reconstruction just as we needed another 9-11 film. I'm starting to wonder if Nicolas changed his name from Coppola because he wanted to or because he was asked to do so.
