Everyone who negatively commented on the movie made a great analysis of why this movie is so horrible. I did not intend to comment, but the film torments me so much, especially the screenwriter / director. So I have to throw my hat to join people who do not like him. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the horn of music, sensuality, paganism in the modern world and the clash of theological beliefs. That being said, I'm not part of the crowd who think that remakes of great movies should not be done. For example, I liked the original "Invasion of the body hijackers" from 1950, but I liked the remake of 1978. Both films can stand alone. Another example is "The Thing". The original, as it looks compared to today's standards, has many reasons to be proud of the 1982 remake. With Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie). So a small minority of people who like to re-make 'The Wicker Man' can not accuse me of rejecting this piece of nonsense just because it's re-make. <br /> <br /> This film captured for me the sexism of Neil LaBute and misogynist tendencies. I also wondered how directors, wanting to make a serious thriller, would ignite a green product that is so anti-feminine. There are too many scenes in which Cage hits women just because he is frustrated by the fact that he frustrates the investigation of the missing girl. would he react outside this island in other cases when suspects are not coming? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a religion based on the Goddess. The threat to the main character came from all men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> Metaphor of bees, drones, etc. It was a bit heavy and comfortable ("The drone must die!"), especially when the cage's character has allergies to bees. I wondered why the people on the island are not fighting and do not use physicality to stop these women from treating them like murmurs. They were not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them seemed pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the rest of the girls and thin blond hair, so if men really wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate women. Physically dominate them. There seemed to be no weapons or weapons other than cutting tools that would hold them if they were unhappy. But if they were happy to be drones, why tell them? They can be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society led by women would leave men castrated. (This film has already been made. "The Stepford Wives" any? ") Classical symptoms from men who are afraid of what might happen if women join together and are truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with the hating human society makes watching movies uninteresting and creates unintentional humor when Cage starts knocking out women. I believe that LaBute should leave the egalitarian society, maintain sexuality and unhampered lechery, and push the discomfort buttons for children on this island. Nobody likes sexually abusing pedophiles and children. How would the cop react if he saw lascivious actions performed by adults with children? There would be a logical psychic leap that these children are abused, and therefore an urgent need to save the missing child and get help for all children. LaBute said he created a fairytale and daughter theme to encourage the hero to seek. I do not think you need that. Any battered child will make the adult react to save them. The irony would of course be that Cage's child "saves" ultimately brings him death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was invented and camp. The entire third act was fun. The audience I saw, with guffawed (and later booed at the end). I just thought the movie started bad when a letter written with fancy writing and all memories cut to show how wounded Cage was. We do not need this. Just show him that he is coming to the island to investigate the missing child. Most of us in America have seen "Law and Order" and other procedures for policemen. We enter the movie as if we were Cage's partner solving the riddle. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, stick to pictures that speak on the head for people who like their masculine games with anxiety and this type of movies. Become men with your own company. Leave thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here is your honey jar. I will watch it.
