I am sitting here, forcing myself to finish this. I have the impression that I have spent 6 buxes on VHS, I might as well suffer from it. I remember that about 4 or 5 years ago I searched the Internet for "World Wars" because of rumors about the movie Spielberg at that time, and I missed the old television series from the early 90s. The website shows that it was a multi-million dollar version of the classic book. It was supposed to be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more tuned for this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, the video in this video has been poured! It looked as if I was watching Full Motion Video from an old computer from the mid-90s or a Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the quality of the colors was similar. Acting has made Shatner a classic "dramatic pause" that looks damn near Shakespeare in quality. CG rendering of different scenes was terrifying, and the sequences of the green screen were worse than in the old scenes of Dukes of Hazardd. <br /> <br /> Second, it is slow and terribly stretched out. I sat for 45 minutes of the movie (no promo at the beginning) before the cylinder actually opened to reveal the first alien. Then the alien was a terribly constructed CG squid. I am now in this hour and most of the foreign weapon I have seen is a spinning silver disk (even a shit bottom) attached to the mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are murdered with excessively made instruments. The last thing in this matter, for the invasion of strangers at the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries, is NOT ANY life. It's as if they had no idea. Even though the media was free, word of mouth spread quickly, and people would know it. The "illusion" of day and night was cheesy at best. Simply changing the color around people in purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe some lighting and real night pictures would give MUCH a better illusion. There are many wasted sequences in the film that rely only on watching a "hero" galloping or walking along stupid roads. Continue the movie. I know how people move, you do not have to be so profound. <br /> <br /> Now, finally an hour and 5 minutes in the movie and show the foreign machine. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had better results. Even the skeletons of the evaporated people looked as if they were animated by a first-class high school student. Animations do not fit the scenery at all. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, if you want "World Wars", do one of four things. 1) View the original from 1953, 2) watch the TV series from the early 90s, 3) wait for the issue of Spielberg's issue soon, OR 4) Read the book frikkin (something that we probably did in the basic English lesson). AVOID THIS FILM. WAS WASTE WITH YOUR MONEY.
