Usually, when I write a review for an online movie, this is one of three reasons. Either I found something exceptionally missing in a film that would otherwise be perfect, I feel that the public's perception of the film before it is inaccurate for a number of reasons, or I believe that the purpose or message of the film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all these reasons may seem a bit negative, I think writing a review that contains nothing but praise and statements like "This is one of the best movies of all time!", Does nothing to enlighten the potential viewer with its benefits and disadvantages, nor do they often justify why the film is so good, which should be the reference point in the first place. With this in mind, War of the Worlds is nothing but a rushed, incompetent attempt to get money; piggy-backing his ugly carcass in a multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the same-name film directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer hit, and many other poor souls will buy it, looking for more material on the same topic. This movie is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or endearing, and the audience will be so unbelievably disappointed that it will reach the point of anger. Now that most of the insults are out of the way, let me give you some arguments as a warning to those who have more luck than me. <br /> <br /> Judging by the cover and the lack of advertising of this film (I considered it to be SAM Club for 8 bucks), I assumed that the cast will not have any names and that the special effects will not be too spectacular. Check. This is not a big deal for me because I find a big budget and over-reliance on big-name stars, and SE can minimize a decent movie. I did not expect that I would be surprised by a great dialogue or moving result. Check again. What I was hoping for was a real serious attempt at the classic theme and a few foreign / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policy, all spoilers must be announced in advance, no matter how small, so here's a fair warning. The film begins with a misunderstanding, followed by a trip to the observatory to see the red dot. Seriously, these are pictures of the red dot in the tube. It is very difficult to describe every detail in depth, but at the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of unsteady work with the camera, combined scenes and BIG walking begins to frustrate the viewer. However, the costumes are surprisingly good, and the hope that the pods reveal something mysterious will allow you to go further. The next 30 minutes are essentially the following: one of the main characters approaches one of the capsules, looks at the pods and talks to the other main hero about looking at the capsule and can be hot. They both return to the city. These walks are not two seconds or added so that you can replace the dialog. They're twenty seconds or so and they just add a filler to the already bloated three-hour movie. In a particularly tiring scene, the main character is shown looking at the capsule, then shows him walking and panting, then looks at the capsule, then takes a minute to walk through the field into the city, then enters the city and enters the building, then has a cup coffee and say "Thank you, Mary" to an accidental maid serving coffee, then puts down coffee and leaves the building, then goes across the field and back to the capsule. I apologize for the extreme opinion, but this is probably the best way to sum up this whole movie. The characters talk too long about mundane things, walk a lot, send other people for a walk, camera fluctuates between high speed and low speed, but without a dramatic effect, just a man from the camera is somewhere in the second place Tech. Editing is amazingly bad. People's actions do not make sense. For example, when a professor goes to a farmer's house and says he needs a farmer to drive him to the city, the farmer stutters and walks around him. When the professor says there is a pod and that people can be trapped inside, the farmer locks him in the shed just to see the professor grab the forks and open the weak shed a second later. Of course, there is no consequence from this whole scene, because the professor falls into the main character a moment later, so that they can start an afternoon walk. The whole film has the impression that someone at some point had a good idea to make a movie, but absolutely has no idea how to set it in motion. I've seen better video productions in high school. Finally, special effects are funny and they do nothing to develop the story. I have the impression that the director really wanted this film to become a somewhat iconic classic of camp trash. But it is so awful in technical aspects and common sense that it only drives people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
