You do not expect much from the PRC image, with rare exceptions - mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and several by Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - this is exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" about the Nazis in Africa, trying to revive the Arab revolt against the British, does not differ much. Written by long-standing PRC hits, Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, is a banal, funny, full of indecent "wisecracks" and threads of the outer size of Mongolia. The direction of long-time PRC budget specialist Al Herman is semi-coma at best. The performances - apart from the spectacularly incompetent and irritatingly careless leader Walter Woolf King - are not half bad. Veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing in the movie. A Brooklyn guy playing a razor dealer and brightens the screen when it appears. He has a great sense of comic, he delights and seems to be having fun. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arabic sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and a veteran of the evil George Lewis as the Arab rival Renaldo, who does his usual good job of wickedness, even if he sometimes knocks down a bit. Joan Woodbury is quite pretty and has a pleasant light touch, and she and Renaldo have a great relationship, although - like the rest of the cast - she does not have it with King. H. B. Warner, whose career goes back to a quiet age, gives a bit of dignity to low-rent proceedings, despite the fact that he blew up his lines several times, and the PRC as a PRC was not cut down. From the big budget of a silent movie with a similar Arabic motif there is a lot of footage - though I have no idea what it is - and, as the PRC is China, no effort has been made to make it inconspicuous: I rarely saw footage that was like this obvious. <br /> <br /> "A Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, it stinks - but it will be worth a look to see Parkyakarkusa in his prime. I heard about him and knew that he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but he had never seen him before. It was worth watching this "extravaganza" in the tenth PRC ranking to see him in action. Otherwise, forget about it.
