You just loved to open sequences like this in "Seven Women for Satan"? During the admission, a naked girl runs in the woods, hunted by a hunting dog and a malicious-looking guest on a horse, until he falls off a cliff and rips his head on the rock. Then the camera brings the guy's face closer and we notice that he just sits behind the desk while his secretary waits for him to sign some papers. "Excuse me, I lost my mind?" Then he says! Sweet, I came across one more movie that's totally damned. Even if you only understand the minimum French and look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual victims, but it just revolves around extravagant escapades a perverted and mentally unstable counter during the weekend in the countryside . This is actually another poor variation on the classic milestone of "The Dangerous Game" about the disturbing hobby of hunting people? best hot naked chicks - in the forest for sports. Actually, it is more than just a variation on the classic from 1932, as the screenwriter / director / actor Michel Lemoine had a grudge against directing his hero to the legendary villain Leslie Banks in "The Most Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff is reportedly the son of Count Zaroff, but he turned his private island into a remote French village. He can not afford to be unemployed, so he is an official from Monday to Friday and a maniacal killer during the weekend. Zaroff is a real freak who has hallucinations about dancing with a dead woman, but in reality runs his car live. His valet once promised he would not let Zaroff kill, but apparently he was doing a poor job. The script has no depth, and the recording definitely does not pay attention to the tension or the sinister atmosphere. Really, the only useful thing to do in this movie is to count the girls who are lured by Zaroff's deceptive trap and hope they'll reach seven quickly. Half of the film is a pointless and boring stuff to fill, such as a long erotic dance game in which the statue inexplicably transforms into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half exists in a psychedelic color that eventually becomes exhausting even if all the girls look amazing. I have the impression that Michel Lemoine's intention was to imitate his friend, Jean Rollin, and create a lurid, perverse sexual thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so Jess Franco, regular Howard Vernon ("The Terrible Dr. Orloff", "Lake Zombie") inevitably also appears. Sam Lemoine certainly looks like a crazy killer, but he has no talent to introduce him.
