1930 was the golden age of Los Angeles, with the film industry and the enormous potential of various other opportunities to become rich and famous and happy. People came there with the hope of fulfilling their dreams. Expecting open arms and friendly offers, only a few succeeded and found their way to fame, most condemned to live hungry, disappointed and unwanted, seeking a bit of respect in dirty bars and nasty hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> A young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in LA in a similar task - to spread his charms to get one of these beautiful wealthy women and write an excellent novel that will put him on the career path, so far he wrote one short story published in an obscure anthology. Wanting to create a romantic masterpiece, it seems that he can not produce anything without the experience of it, although he sometimes sends fragments of articles to a local editor who helps him survive. He proudly presents himself as an Italian, but in his heart he really feels that his Italian origin is a burden. Little money and the courage to conquer the world that once was, have long since passed and watching his dream turn into a hangover with the last single nickel in his hand. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought him was cold and sour, and the spitting of curses on her freed the endless account of insults, unspeakable excuses and the love hidden beneath them. Camilla, being an uneducated girl trying to obtain American citizenship through marriage, also carries her heavy cross of non-perspective racial heritage. Although she is a stronger and more experienced person, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult than Arturo can understand. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo finally finds inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that their love will finally find its place in the sun? Is it probable that their romance will bring bad luck? <br /> <br /> It's very surprising that the chemistry between the two main characters, performed by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship is lacking raw and authentic feelings. Hayek, alive, as compared to Farrell, forgot to arm Camilla with the passion and strength of his once brilliant character, Frida. It is also difficult to believe a character who, being intelligent but uneducated and illiterate, uses quite difficult vocabulary and complicated sentences. The more difficult nature of Phil Marlowe would certainly better suit Farrell, although he looks stunning in costume from the era, he seems very lost, trying to find the delicate world of a twenty-year-old dreamer balancing between hidden love and the desire to be true to himself. <br /> <br /> Sense of embarrassment when watching two people on the screen is not appropriate. Their relationship may have been wild, but it is more likely that lightning and lightning are without a storm, far from real passion, the feelings just described are not felt inside. It is very sad that such potential of the interesting script and good actors has been wasted, turned into a gray average soon forgotten.
