Attending the dailies must have been unbearable, because the shooting was a continuation of this film's failure. Probably Cruise, Exec. Prod., I saw what was happening and told Towne many, many more naked recordings in the final, and Towne wanted to make up for the catastrophe he saw. (Maybe Cruise even thought about the Titanic.) Several items: Colin Farrell can not get out of the paper bag. But it is one of the flavors of the decade, a favorite of the producer, and one is forced to avoid embarrassment watching it, not participating in his films. He has so many moments in which he does not believe what he is doing and it can be seen in his eyes. I think he would be the best movie actor, though not as rich and famous as now, playing the second banana in dynamic leaders who can act. The trap of spending big money on sets from the era, costumes, cars, etc. and photographing them as if they came from a dry cleaners or car washes / waxes. It seems that no one wants to look for anything, well, worn. Or dirty. Is it because the line manufacturer has been informed by the line manufacturer to make sure they do not ruin things, because then the company would have to pay for ruined items? <br /> <br /> It was a story about depression - people from the thirties, not a musical on Disney Broadway about that era. What do you think of doing it in black and white, or better yet, considering Caleb Deschanel as his D.P., make him desaturate the colors during the mix to suggest some of the real dirt and weakness of the times. It should be a bit depressing to live as desperately as these people do during a crisis. More about Farrell. Has anyone believed for a moment that this guy is a writer? H. L. Mencken on the wall; Did I see his eyes roll at one point? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Sending a boy to a man's work? Perhaps in a book I did not read, the story was about an older woman and youth. I can not delve too deep into the middle of the movie because I saved myself early. But the memory of the scenes I saw caused me to think that someone was making a not-so-funny parody of the noir movie. As in Saturday Night Live over the last decade: it is not funny. (In my mind I was still thinking about the sketch of Guy Noir, music and everything.)
