Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian outlaw and legend. Like Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, Australians love the legend of how he opposed English aristocratic oppression and united the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that, at that time, about 70% of immigrant criminals accounted for lower classes, it seems to be neglected by this film. Indeed, some of the so-called "facts" in this film are, after reflection, a little dubious. <br /> <br /> I suppose that suspicion should be raised when it was claimed in the starting points that the film is based on the book "Our Sunshine". If there ever appeared a romantic version of the truth on behalf of the book, it was. This will not be a historical epic, but an adaptation of one of the many questionable legends of Ned Kelly, though a harsh and sporadic version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing but an overblown channel Hallmark `real life historical drama 'wannabe! The story goes on at an alarming rate (disturbing because it never shot the film so slowly!) A sense of numbness after two hours of a clean drivel brought back memories of the terrible Wyatt Earpa Costner all these years. Simply put, nothing happens in the movie, but it does not happen for a long time. It would probably be more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction was not so good). However, if you do not want to play Oirish's worst accent, you will be disappointed. Between this game "Who has the stupidest beard?", "Find the obvious tamer!" (Hint, they are for some reason ginger), and "Nature in Australia, including lions", this experience similar to Hallmark's relocation, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and Neighbors, while suffering from a huge hangover. Yes, nature appears very often to fill even more time (perhaps trying to look artistically), the film shows meaningless shots of wild animals, and when all native species are shown, here is a circus that allows a camel and a lion (which is used when one fight to force us to really regret the lion rather than the massacred people). <br /> <br /> It is a stormy, emotionless fragment of historical fluff that should have gone straight to TV. I can not say a single word about this film. Even the usual fantastic Rush seems embarrassed to be here. When one of the heroes comments that there were only two missiles left for him and his friend, I wanted to have a gun that would free my memory from the movie!
