I can not go beyond the message of this movie. It is too light to ignore and is indecent because it has lost the meaning of what it is about. I have not read the novel, but Pollack's film opens the scene in the CIA front in New York, which is divided by two professional killers, led by Max von Sydow, who brutally murder half a dozen bizarre members who we know and understand. The employees are an elderly receptionist, a picky senior professor who falls off when she is shot with machine guns (is that a joke?), And finally beautiful Tina Chen, who looks up from the copier, realizes that she is about to be murdered and speaks pitifully brave "I will not shout." Von Sydow responds with compassion, "I know." These murders are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by everything we know and graphic. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way for von Sydow and his follower to be redeemed. And yet this is exactly what Pollack is trying to do at the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good guys, von Sydow changes sides (because the other side is ready to pay him) and kills the evil boss behind a complicated intricate plot of the CIA. The script then turns it into a completely sensible, sensitive human being. "It's better to live in Europe. Things are not so hurried. " Or anything. I swear I will not come up with this. Pollack wants us to believe that it's better to be an honest mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. This is a message. You should save it if you forget. Exactly what kind of psychic clutter you have to be to change ordinary values, not to mention common sense, so upside down? I understand that they are deliberate adults who do not like US government and even hate it and who see conspiracies almost everywhere, providing a reflexive explanation for inexplicable events. I know that people who think in this way exist because some of them belong to my close friends. Nevertheless, at some point this dislike, this hatred, if its intensity increases, must go beyond politics or ethics and into the psychiatric realm. For a moment, I do not believe that a man who kills people for money is better than a sinister civil servant. I do not care how polite and cultural a murderer is or if he knows how to get to the Louvre in the subway. Whoever transmits this message needs either medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to be able to say that production is as rotten as its message, but I can not. It's quite well done. (In a sense, it's worse because it makes the film less disrespectful.) Even New York looks photogenic. I have not thought of New York for a long time as a photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable job of designing the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a semi-major telecommunications. And, old, it looks great! His wardrobe is fine. Even his glasses are without frames. And his coat. Not everyone can make the navy blue pea jacket look effective. He also seems extremely handsome, a pig. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and tie with such a flourish. Faye Dunaway is fine in his role, but this is not a very reliable role. Would someone like to sleep with the guy who just kidnapped her and kept her at gunpoint? Even if it looked like Redford? Would anyone be emotionally hurt if, when this ambivalent relationship comes to an end, Redford asked her not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He makes one or two very good double shots. The postman is great. The fight between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is superbly directed, and for once we do not know for sure how it will turn out, because Redford (eventually a book reader) seems to be unmatched by the brutal cunning of this employed murderer. This is one of the last roles of John Housemann. Shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And what about the end of his life: a friend finds him lost, roaming the streets of New York, in the area with which he was familiar for most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the film is very well made, but I can not ignore this malicious, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of Will". Or her Olympic documentary, in which the announcer watches the foot race in which Jesse Owens pulls his forehead and says ominously: "This negro is dangerous."
