I can not say that because I liked Targets and Paper Moon so much, but I thought "The Last Picture show" was a bit fascinating but overly lenient movie. His main positive, as far as I know, is the stunning photography. But for me the film had nothing to offer except the beauty of the surface (and this kind of hidden beauty). The heroes were very difficult to relate or care about. Basically, you had a very slow pace and this naturalistic style of play, but all this was to support a very formal and predictable story, full of all the pitfalls you can expect from every little melodrama in the city - everything from a boy cheating a teacher's wife for a handicapped kid, which everyone chooses. It was like "American Graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some people may say that this movie is more realistic - now many people think that realism is the only advantage that a movie can have. But for me the film was just a nuisance and I want to see it again as much as I would like to spend a few hours in this miserable city in which characters live. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie really just belongs to its time - maybe if I saw it in 1971, I would be impressed by its newness, just seeing something different on the screen. But that would basically mean that I've never seen anything like, say, Godard's Breathless. Perhaps explicit references to classic films would have appealed to the geek in me and helped me overlook some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world, which also seems unique or exceptional. <br /> <br /> It is interesting, however, how he uses movies in the film to give the film more depth. We see three films, as I remember at the photo show. First, we see "Father of the Bride" by Vincente Minnelli - Liz Taylor's great look contrasts with Sonny's girlfriend, and Minnelli's studied middle class environment contrasts with the surroundings of the "real life" of the characters in a similar way. Later, clips from Howard Hawks' Red River highlight the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. It really reminds me that Bogdanovich kisses his mentor's ass, like him, if I remember correctly, choosing the Hawks movie as part of his own reverie on the screen with Boris Karloff in "Goals." I suppose in 1971. That kind of thing was new, but looking at it today, it seems to be indulgent, like most of the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> In the end I would rather see another Hawks movie, Ford or Minnelli, than have a Bogdanovich movie, they remind us why they were so striking in such a subtle way. Maybe he's going to remind us of the giants whose time has passed - all he really does is remind us how small he is and most of his contemporaries.
