I usually start with the premise of the movie, but before anyone makes hasty judgments about my review, let me say it, saying that I'm someone who likes most movies (just check out my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is the movie of director Uwe Bolla, whose film just before it was House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a video adaptation of the video game. Almost everyone hated him. Well, I loved it. I gave him 10 out of 10! Speaking of this (which will surely cause some readers to leave immediately), even if I hated Alone in the Dark, there must be something wrong with it. <br /> <br /> The premise: who am I kidding? The attempt to determine the premise for this film is more or less as simple as trying to balance the US budget, but it still does. Some archaeologists have found evidence of the loss of the American Indian tribe. The Indian tribe apparently discovered some ways of moving in the "other world" that was bad in nature. Bad things destroyed them, but not before they could close the door to the evil world and throw away the key. Later, a government scientist / researcher who experimented with the paranormal phenomenon, specifically with this tribe, decided to experiment with some children, trying to create some kind of hybrid with the other world. (Believe it or not - everything up to this moment, and then some of us are told in the prologue written for the film - it's just a white text scrolling through the black screen with the teacher also reading it to us). Then there was something in the children staying in the orphanage, but the government takes them back, and then a group of people are looking for archaeological relics, and super people are in the vicinity, and a group of soldiers are called and so on. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never stops. It's like a never-ending story from hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25 films. However, none of them is presented in a coherent way to create one good movie. In addition to the mystical lost tribe of Indians and supermen, we also get monsters that resemble a cross between an Alien and a werewolf, worms that attack your body and turn into an alien serpent, underground worms, zombie, Star Soldier wars, evil scientists, underground hiding places, mines gold, terrible magazines, impalements, large unused museums, governmental conspiracies, gold trunks drawn from the sea, nuns, explosions, intricate plots, a very ambiguous affair, car chases, home invasions, kitchen sinks. . . wait, I do not remember if the latter was in the movie. Even more amazing (fun?) In Fangoria # 240 producer Shawn Williamson quoted: "We spend much more time on history, being very meticulous." Tara Reid calls "Alone in the Dark" a "smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Let me not mislead anyone. Many of these things may sound intricate to the potential audience of this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection with anything else. Usually, I had no idea what the attitude of any setting to any other environment was, why we were there or what someone was doing (at least when each scene started). It's just a random mix of settings and film, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in his hat and pulled them out like lottery numbers. Then, when he finished, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the movie using the cubes, and then re-assembled him by throwing I Ching. Sometimes the movie plays like a prolonged director's roll (which is a combination of short, varied, unrelated scenes that directors circulate to try to work), but perhaps it is too generous. I'm not sure if Boll gets a job if it's his reel. <br /> <br /> Like most movies, I like most actors and most performances. I very rarely say that the performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was angry here - and I'm someone who usually likes Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they just move it around the set like a prop. They might as well have just bought an inflatable doll. This would save them money that they could use for some ghosts and cgi vampires surrounded by the castle and the cemetery. Maybe they decided to move her around like a nice piece of driftwood after seeing the newspapers of her mumbling nonsense dialogue in monotony, which is usually reserved for mother-in-law entertainment. <br /> <br /> And talking about this dialogue, Alone in the Dark plays a lot like Godzilla without Godzilla. I mean, it's a lot of pseudoscience gobbledy-gook. At least in Godzilla's films, there is something strange about it, because they know how funny it is and there is a big payment that we can see how Godzilla destroys the center and fights a giant mosquito with radioactive beams of fire shooting out of his eyes or something like that . <br /> <br /> What Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, apart from abusing and filing lawsuits against their agents, is difficult to say. I can not say I thought anyone in the movie had a decent performance, though maybe Slater at least saw a cigar. I think it is unprecedented for me. <br/> <br /> Nevertheless, I did not give this film 1. It was a competent cinematography, even if Boll and Schwadel made minced meat from it, and hard rock came to an end, the final credits were good. Heck, even the prologue of the novel was not so bad. Actually, I thought the movie was promising at the moment. But that could be the worst movie I've ever seen, with a budget of 20 million or more.
