This film proves that not every movie produced in Hollywood's glory days is worth seeing. Just because you have a great cast of the band does not mean that it can beat the script that was probably written by the chimpanzee! Think about it - the movie starred Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart, and yet it was a bad movie! The basic premise of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where the staff is more annoyed than patients! In addition, the thread with overworked husband and wife (Widmark and Graham) was very promising. However, the script was treated with all the finesse and agility of a drunken buffalo - with a warlike and perverse play of subsequent scenes in the film. In fact, it was less dramatic, and more a very bad episode of "General Hospital." Subtle, this movie is not !! Realistic, this movie is not !! <br /> <br /> While most of it repeated this movie, it was a horrible scenario, but I also blame producers for bad understanding and abuse of actors. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a home name, but the actor had a unique talent - especially when playing gangsters in Film Noir. However, here, Stewart is cast as a very vague psychiatrist with a bizarre European accent - he just did not work because he was far out of reach and his character was completely undeveloped and one-dimensional. In addition, Charles Boyer seemed hopelessly lost and completely out of place. Watching this wonderful romantic actor as a psychiatrist in America's heart just seemed strange. <br /> <br /> In general, it's quite a horrible movie. It is very possible to look at the wreck of a train, but it is certainly not very nice. My wife and I did not like much of the movie, but we also felt that it would be good if the writing was right. <br /> <br /> PS - In the case of art imitating life Oscar Levant played one of the patients. In real life the genius Levant spent most of his life in psychiatric institutions.
