First of all, I would like to emphasize that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the Dutch folklore history about the ghost ship, which is also called FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie you will not see a single sailboat. You will not see mariners, ghosts or anything exciting. This is not the story of a ghost ship and I would like them to inform me in the main subtitles, otherwise I would not watch it because I really thought it was a movie about the legend. It seems that many people think that the movie is related to the legend of the ghost-ship, because the movie is mentioned on Wikipedia for the legend of "Flying Dutchman" ... I do not understand why. Perhaps it is based on a similar legend called the "Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adjusted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a sequence of fights that will allow everyone to hope that the film will have battle scenes. Unfortunately, this is the only battle scene of the movie. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krankiem in the City of missing children) for about two seconds, and that would allow everyone to hope that the movie will be good. Unfortunately, he is very angry in the movie. The same can be said about the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best Italian actors in history, and who is condemned here to embody a crazy bird wrangler without a story whose only purpose is to seem like a "wise man" cinematography. And boy, does this movie need wisdom! It seems that every other hero of the story likes to swim in excrement, yell, torture others (in excrement), commit adultery (in excrement) or put in excrement even more for fun. It seems that it is so cool that every character in history has its own queue abandoned in the stool in one place or another. Coming from a Dutch director, one would think that extreme dirt and shocking dirt are essential elements of the era, elements that contributed to the fact that the film by Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", was such a great film. The thought of "Flesh + Blood" would allow everyone to hope that a film equally dirty and visually simple would be good. Unfortunately, in contrast to "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progress, no fights, good acting and just no "Flesh and Blood". Photography, as the opening sequence shows, is well made and tempting. It also stops very early in the movie. Music, from Nicola Piovani (from "La vità e bella" fame) is repetitive and annoying when it is not meaningless (sometimes it suggests that there is size in the sequence, while on the screen the actors splash in liquid dung). Through the first "act" of the film, which lasts no less than an hour (!), The film takes place in the same perimeter, around the farm where the main characters live. Characters often play with excrement, melt in it, play in it. A long period of time passes through numerous ellipses, thanks to which the main character, a young boy who loves to play in excrement, gets older and plays a bit more in excrement. Bird-bird speaks a lot about stupid things in Italian. The Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and it takes many hours. Then there is the second act called "Ship", in which we see what could have been a ship, a long time ago, but which is now the remains of the ship (about which I mentioned the droppings?). The main character, walking a little further from the farm, just bumps into it and decides that it is really cool, so let's live in it. The Crooked Man, who lived in it, tries to kill him, but he really does not mind, because (I mentioned?) He is not very smart. He thinks the ship can move and hopes it will flow after it until there are more conquistadors (at least they seemed to be conquistadors because of Don Quixote style hats, but as I said, it is really confused who is who), let the Dutchman be a prisoner with a delayed hunchback and burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard to bear for the viewer, because it consists of even more manure in which even more middle-aged peasants are fighting, takes place in a mad refuge. Even more torture and drowning in the feces. Even more worrying for a director who seems to give up his job, or turned over to the second camera crew assistant to do the rest of the work. In the end, many mentally challenged new "friends" that the Dutchman died. The woman with whom he had sex, who was his brother's wife, from the beginning tries to meet him with his son. The Dutchman and his son are talking. The film ends after two hours of shabby images and unhappy acting and technical performances. Then the subtitles start spinning, and the viewer can not watch terrible movies without a storyline that pretend to be something exciting, like legendary fantasy films, while they are nothing but a catalog of excrement that some movies can get. They do not have enough financing to put battles and even horses instead.
