That same night, I also watched "Scary Movie 4", creating one double function. Unfortunately for these deadly tomatoes, they could not stand the laughter of the Scary Movie series. While I fought boredom here, watching jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally dated and brutally evil, a more recent parody made me laugh out loud. How could I have wanted something more. Director John De Bello uses the basic assumption that some type of growth hormone has gone terribly wrong and turned tomatoes into killers. But its main purpose is to count the movie genre about a catastrophe that was so big in those days. The script reeks of stoner humor and maybe if you take illegal substances on your movie nights, it could be your cup of tea. I, sober, I'm stuck watching an adult man go under cover like a tomato. And this one joke, which is never funny, where the discrepancy between the Japanese speaker and the voice is here. Some may giggle, I do not. They even had a Hitler joke that was not funny, and I thought all Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this film is so fragmented (without a good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop it, bad jokes are said. Their goal could be correct because their goals include the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly, the main selling point of this movie, these gosh darn tomatoes, really do not look too good. And when they do, take it, play real tomatoes. This invented tricks did nothing for me, because I am losing a lot of watching a packet of tomatoes devouring the body thanks to magic tricks with a stop action camera. There is also a fear of being broken at work, which makes this movie really fun. The trouble with falling asleep in almost every scene may appeal to some viewers, but more than likely it will be an invitation to join in the fun. <br /> <br /> I can also add that it seems to be an old-fashioned human egoism here. A man eats a tomato, and this dinner, a tomato eats a human being and this is a worldwide catastrophe. But that's how the world works. In the film the product becomes bad due to genetic modification, but in the real world, our products (see: Taco Bell) become bad due to neglect. And how the bad ones make green onions, the durability of this film passed long ago. There are a few good chuckles. The last shot was really great, but nowhere was it close enough to save this moderate stink bomb. I'm sure that a good movie is sung in this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen or so modifications to get there. By "there" I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4." ** 1/4
