If you are a recognized connoisseur of iconic cinema and / or bad film production, is there a moment in your life? preferably sooner than later? that you must watch the "Attack of deadly tomatoes". This is an inevitable certainty because it is one of the worst iconic movies ever. However, one small but important detail is that the "Attack of deadly tomatoes" is deliberately terrible. From the very message, mocking Alfred Hitchcock from "The Birds", it is clearly intended as a zero-budget parody and I can not avoid the impression that the screenwriter / director John De Bello never expected his film to become such a hit. The film proves the contemporary popular tendency of so-called "eco-horror movies" (plants, animals and nature in general rebelling against humanity) and introduces the least dangerous type of vegetables imaginable as invincible killing machines. The secret governmental agricultural project concerning the production of larger and tastier tomatoes goes terribly bad and soon reports of attacks by tomatoes from all over the country appear. The president creates a team of special forces, which fights with a juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific fields of knowledge and scientists with terribly dubbed voices. The first half hour of "Attack of deadly tomatoes" is very funny. However stupid is the view of normally shaped vegetables bouncing out of the sink and attacking hysterical housewives, it is quite original and funny. The first half hour also contains many unforgettable moments, such as a catchy theme song, tribute to "Jaws" and the infamous unforeseen accident of a helicopter (more information in the trivia section) that led to the final cut. Then everything changes into a boring, unstructured and extremely amateurish mess. The quality level of jokes changes from fresh and ingenious to embarrassing and even not funny and there are too many characters and threads. Personally, I prefer the sequels of the late 80's and early 90's (which I saw before seeing the original), because they use slightly better production values, incredibly top special effects of tomatoes and the presence of the veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams Family") as crazy scientist Gangreen. But, as has been said before, the original at some point in your life inexplicably remains an obligatory material for viewing.
