*** Warning - this review contains "feature spoilers", although nothing could "ruin" this movie more than it already is. It really is so bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I begin, I would like to inform everyone that this is definitely one of those so incredibly bad movies, you laugh. If you are in a carefree mood and need a very hearty laugh, this is a movie for you. Now without further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a container for bargains at Wal-Mart. This should be the first indication of how good the movie is. Second, the star is the lousy action star Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second tip of how good the movie is. I'm still shocked that it was even put on a DVD (who would be wasting their money doing something like that?), Although as you can imagine, there are no add-ons or additional recordings on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie just starts to play. <br /> <br /> First of all, the author of this movie deserves to be tortured and killed. He has one of the worst scripts ever written, and he is terrified of one line; extremely unbelievable, false dialogue; and inadequate comments (like Lee's comment on Lundgren, err. manhood, which I will mention later). There is not one sincere sound in the whole film. Dialogue and conspiracy go hand in hand as a scenario, and both things develop completely nonsense. The two cops hate each other for no apparent reason at first, and then again for no reason, the Lee figure approaches the roadside, runs to the other side of the car and says: "I will not let you go alone, because I love you! And I do not want you to die! . or something in this regard. They are disgusting, one-layered, mostly spoken by Lee. For example, when you drive him out of a bad guy, Lee says, "You have the right to be silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, let me mention the totally wrong and pointless comment Lee makes about the lower regions of Lundgren. When the bad guys start attacking the seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee tells him, "Show that we're dying, I just wanted to say you have the biggest cock I've ever seen on a guy. . Yes, he says so. It does not make sense and is not even possible (Lee never sees Lundgren naked, so how would he know?), But the writer put it in the script anyway. The whole movie looks like a kind of action video game, and Lee even admits it. After that, just like Lee and Lundgren defeated all the bad guys, Lee also comments that it is really beautiful, "Wow, that's a kind of video games; we just beat the first wave! <br /> <br /> Second, the plot of this movie is mean. It suffers, in my opinion, mainly from the fact that it simply does not exist. The trailer of this movie - on the occasion of IMDb available for viewing - makes it sound as if the movie concerned two cops trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. However, this is very confusing, because the film has practically nothing to do with it. They make very brief, vague references to the Yakuza trying to start methamphetamine-related activities with local drug dealers, but the entire ACTUALLY movie revolves around a badly-written trial by Kenner (Lundgren's form) of revenge on the death of his parents, whose Yakuza Leader (named Yoshida) died, when he was only 9 years old. The whole conspiracy can be summarized in the following way: Yoshida wants Kenner dead, Kenner wants Yoshida dead, and the two try to kill themselves. And of course sarcastic midfielder Kenner (called Johnny played by Brandon Lee) behaves like an idiot ignorant and Tia Carrere naked. twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst parts of the movie. Dialogue is so unrealistic, and their completely disingenuous presentation emphasizes it even more. You would expect from celebrities acting weak action, but this video highlights some of the most incredibly bad performances that have ever been recorded. <br /> <br /> In the end, we get to the bottom of this movie: grossly wrong actions. In this movie there are so many amazingly unrealistic sequences of actions that simply impressive that they managed to match them. Although Lee also has a lot of bad scenes, most of the really terrible activities are about Lundgren. For example, Lundgren nonchalantly assumes four or five kung fu bad guys with one hand, without spilling tea. Then Lundgren, surprised by the oncoming speeding car, jumps over it casually. Or maybe when he reaches through the closed door, he will catch the villain on the other side, pull him in through the door and beat him? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, he gently walks (does not run) back through the glass door that breaks around him, and jumps off the one-story heights with Tia still in his arm, then lifting the whole car without the slightest effort and using it as a barricade to shield them from bullets? All shameless shootings are also terrible, and Lundgren and Lee kill every evil immediately, while the rain of bullets from their fifty attackers does not seem to hit any of them. This, of course, is the last scene of the fight in the film. Lundgren is shot in a naked chest in a region that even if he could leave his heart, he would immediately fill his lungs with blood and kill him in a few seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in excellent condition and he manages to win in the middle of the parade Yoshida, evil super-villain. And of course the people passing in a parade dressed as samurai carry TRUE, fully sharpened katana, two of which use a sword fight. Now, in addition to the gunshot wound, Lundgren gets a few deep slices in the chest and arms. Does it stop him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds later, after easily killing the evil Yoshida (who is nailed to a wheel similar to the shield and then without any reason falls into the flames), Lundgren casually leaves with Tia and Lee, as if he was not wounded at all. God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are then mixed with a completely unnecessary, free nude scene every five minutes, including a topless woman at a party, topless women being stripped, women at a strip club, naked women at a Japanese spa and a senseless bath tub with hydromassage and a love scene with Tia. Not to mention a trip to the bizarre sushi bar where rich Japanese eat sushi from naked women. Which, incidentally, prompts Lee to say with a great false enthusiasm that after defeating the bad guys, he and Lundgren "will go and eat fish from these naked chicks!" Then a disturbing five follows. And we can not forget about the terrible edition, as when the villains crush a man trapped in a car in a scrap yard, and the editors left a really obvious look at the mannequin. The list also includes a huge list of stuntmen, which means that many actions have probably not been made by movie stars. <br /> <br /> In the end, this movie many times exceeds itself brazen evil. It is illogical and impossible, and hence extremely funny. If you're looking for a well thought out movie theater, this movie will make you want to die. If you're looking for a good laugh and having fun with making bad movies, this movie will delight you. As a true movie, I deserve this film at 0.5 out of 10. As an entertainment way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes away the cake.
