The funny sound you can hear as you gaze at this horrifying version of the classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" by Jules Verne is swirling in Verne's tomb. The only thing about this 80-minute work that has something to do with "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise everything else in this poor production is new and not worth watching. In fact, the director wrote here on IMDb.COM that he directed only eight minutes of "Journey to the Center of the Earth", and the studio merged part of the sequel "Dollman" helmer Albert Pyun with his own "Alien from L.A.". from Kathy Ireland. Apparently, the producers ran out of money and to satisfy their foreign contractual obligations, they transplanted the sequel to Pyuna to film director Rusty Lemorande. Please, do not rent or buy this unfortunate piece of rubbish. <br /> <br /> In contrast to the directorial work of Henry Levin to the center of the Earth "takes place in modern times in Hawaii. Two friends, a British nanny and a dog, gather for the adventure of life only by chance. Richard (Paul Carafotes from "Blind Date") and his comic obsessive brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith from "Weird Science") set out to explore the cave. The protagonist, Crystina (Nicola Cowper from "Underworld"), works for a civil service called "Nanny R Us". Being a nanny is Crystina's dream all her life, but she did less than all of the nanny's five jobs. Nevertheless, her sympathetic superior, Mrs Ferry (Lynda Marshall from Africa Express), sends her to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley from "Doomsday"), who plans his last concert to revive his career, has Bernard's dog. Faul wants Crystina to take Bernard to the day spa. Crystina is waiting for a taxi to arrive when a careless motel employee accidentally puts in a basket in which Bernard is hidden in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul hid his dog in the basket because the management of the motel strictly forbids animals on their premises. Faul dressed the dog as a human child. In any case, Crystina catches a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After he overtakes them to take the dog, the taxi driver leaves and abandons her. Crystina demands that Richard take her back to the city, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the boys and gets lost, and then they are in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator, in the center of the Earth. The rulers of Atlantis repeatedly inform their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroine come to Atlantis quite by accident. Atlantis is like a disco and everyone looks like punk rock musicians. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykow (Janet Du Plessis from Operation Hit Squad), organizes an invasion of the first man clones, Wanda Sakusus (Kathy Ireland of "Necessary Roughness"), to visit Atlantis. Predictably, the machinations of General Rykov to rule Atlantis and overthrow the Earth, fail, and our heroes and heroine save the day. <br /> <br /> "Journey to the center of the earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire on dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite directors of low-budget action, but he blew him up in this light saga from the sci-fi saga.
