The trip to the center of the Earth is the story of some tourists from Hawaii, three of them siblings, and one of them is a young British nanny taking care of the dog. When the siblings accidentally drive away with a basket of dog biscuits, the nanny follows them (maybe it was safer to buy more) to the cave where the siblings were going to investigate (I think). For some reason, they are actually going to the cave, and then, when the place begins to collapse, they try to go unsuccessfully, except for the six-year-old sister, who, as they say, goes to help. Meanwhile, the more they move in the cave, the more they fall further and further towards the cavernous core of the earth. And here is where the City of Atlantis and its strange alien aliens are found, who live under the oppressive rule of one stranger who does not want them to ask many questions about the outside worlds of their own. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the film's appointed director, commented on the film, explaining that part of the second half of the movie is actually a continuation of the alien in LA Well, whatever it was, it was an incredibly cheap movie that I would rate just a bit higher than City Limits (1988 sci-fi film also made on a nonexistent budget), because at least the end of this horrible piece in most incoherent film that cuts through corners, where it can strive to feel humor and entertainment in the last 20 minutes, when finally we will see what life in a foreign world looks like in the center of the Earth. It also gives me a two-star rating, not one, because it was sometimes funny, if only in its subtlety. For example, aliens ask the British if she is an alien, and she explains that the Ministry should send her a visa to work soon. Or when a strange girl finds Bryan and explains that he is in the city of Altantis, and he commits it to Atlantic City in New Jersey. Such small things make the idiocy of the first hour bearable. Imagine how big this movie would be if they had 1) they actually intended to do it, and 2) they actually had the money to do it. <br /> <br /> I like how, finally, no one wonders what happened to the younger sister who was sent back to get help. It would simply wander the Hawaiian caves and not be too far away from the erupting volcano.
