A lame movie. Quite uninteresting. No chemistry between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The scene of car chases continues and lasts, and on the ad museum. They manage to switch vehicles several times, but they always end up on the tail of the bad ones. The scene in which Hartnett grabs a family car with crying children in the back was as stupid as she could be. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and how good it is to die, which I think the writers thought was funny and even humorous. It just came out as moronic, totally unbelievable and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some threads were not even tested, they were simply used as a filler. Why does Hartnett get sick seeing dead bodies, but he orders hamburgers at the crime scene? Why and on what basis the bad boss of the IA was suddenly arrested by the boss? Why can the IA pick up the cops and then let them pick up the phones or pretend to be Indian mystics, then let them roll without knocking on the wrist? For some reason, although Ford is being disclosed as a cheat and a fraud, acting as a real estate broker (completes prices when trying to sell a producer's house to raise his own commission), they keep coming back to it anyway! They knew that he had lied to both of them! And yet it was so, reaching agreement, which both said they would never go. Stupid, just stupid. It is also one of those cops movies in which they simply shoot mindlessly on public streets unattended in the world for innocent passers-by. They were there, just standing on the sidewalk, breaking up while people evaded the cover. Amazing that they did not hit one person after launching about 60 rounds each ... <br /> <br /> Writing scenarios was horrible, action sequences were boring, conspiracy was just a tragedy to a very pathetic attempt to eradicate Ford and Hartnett. It fails miserably. And Ford's phone! Turn this damn thing off! How many times could he call in a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? It was frustrating as far as the center point in the movie! Every 30 seconds this silly melody plays! And if it was not Ford, Hartnett called! It was very annoying! <br /> <br /> A complete waste of time, Ford's worst movie from 6 days 7 nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his outstanding career.
