Well, this movie made me feel so strong that I signed up for IMDb account to warn people. This is clearly AWFUL !! Nothing makes sense in this movie. At the beginning there are too many sub-threads. Josh Hartnett's character is a beginner actor and yoga instructor, as well as a policeman who seems to live beyond his abilities and teaches only yoga to hot girls (some of whom are waiting naked in their jacuzzi when he comes back from work). Add to this the fact that his father was killed by a crooked policeman who has just found himself in connection with the current crime investigated by the unfortunate duo. Harrison Ford's character tries to sell the property on his side and sleeps with his ex-wife, Interior Investigator, who happens to have a radio clip that from time to time calls a Ford character. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I do not remember the names of characters (this is how it is forgotten), so I will refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is a dialogue which is brutal. I mean things that make nonsense. Put in the book every cliche (with a heart to heart in a dark bar during the day with a drink, where the bartender knows his name, a duet investigated by internal affairs (why?), Hartnett confronting the dad's killer) and you have one damn mess. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the plot is ridiculous, and continuity does not exist: 1) When Ford's car is taken over, how the hell did the repo do you know where it will be parked? Did they follow him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and happens that the only clue from the crime scene (earring) is replicated on charred bodies there (which were lucky!) 3) When both were arrested and taken for interrogation - Ford still responds your phone, and Hartnett "concentrates" with the yoga poses on the table. Instead of taking a call from Ford, the guy from IA is waiting for him to call each time, and then tries to catch him from the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, officer IA and Hartnett are rubbing at him. Then, inexplicably, both are released without answering any questions. 4) During the car chase, Hartnett's car crashes about Hollywood, but suddenly the car is perfect again. Not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases a bad guy into the building and gets into the elevator, how the hell does he know on which floor of the villain he got off? 6) When both of them chase a bad guy in the hartnetta car, Ford tries to close the property contract. Come on! 7) A bad guy is the most unconvincing performer of the album. His motivation to kill an aspiring group of rappers on his label? They can leave their label and this is a warning to keep other loyal groups. But wait, how will he ever sign a new business plan? 8) Why is the guy from IA who is investigating Ford in the end arrested? There is no explanation !! 9) And Hartnett can use his "acting" to catch the evil guy in the end. <br /> <br /> I could continue, I could really. Anyone who delves into this movie more than a comedy with a simple action, needs to examine the head, because that's all. There is nothing else! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just bullshit.
