Literally, every aspect of this low-budget science-fiction movie falls into categories that have been classified for its predecessors, those of today and those to be followed. Bad special effects, poor plot, ridiculous amounts of blood and blood, annoying and senseless characters, everything you can expect. "Attack of the Sabretooth" is about a new holiday resort where owners genetically develop Smilodon cats as an attraction. Cats are running away and are starting to kill people, the guy running the program wants to save them, not to warn unsuspecting guests about them. There is also a group of guests and several employees who rebel and plan to kill cats. <br /> A special effect, the film is about the average achievement, taking into account its budget. Sabers are presented by weak CGI. It is amazing, however, that cats look more realistic in a more detailed, detailed approach than in longer, more distant shots in which CGI is better hidden. Their attacks are recklessly bloody and unpalatable. As you expected, they attack, they break off some arms and legs and leave very little. This is one of the reasons why the film goes into a bad schlock. <br /> <br /> The plot and characters are just as scary. We have several college kids who come to the island and plan to hunt scavengers. And take it very, VERY serious. Even when it comes to invading private property, manipulating security systems and stealing. Why are they taking a simple game so seriously? I missed something? Was money at stake? Or maybe they were sent to do it? I do not know, I could barely follow the movie. But it seemed to me that they were doing it just for fun. Still, they went too far for normal people. <br /> <br /> "Sabretooth Attack" is a very weak movie. Even in the case of a low-budget science fiction movie, this is a very weak and cheap example. It will humming most viewers, it can be attractive to some and it will make you laugh and laugh all the way. And remember, it's not a comedy, it's cheap horror movies, so it's not meant to be comic.
