Three giant sabretooth tigers (... created in a laboratory with mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil materials) are accidentally released by a series of events (such as a computer virus introduced by a computer maniac to unlock security) measures keeping stores with news in the resort closed during construction and the guard leaves the gate open while searching for the missing page from the porn magazine that flew away in the wind), which threatens the lives of those with whom it has contact. Tigers are always hungry, but they can not digest what they eat. So the tigers simply tear the victim apart. Victims are a group of children from college (stereotypes include goth girl, jock and tech nerd), security personnel, and those slightly developed are rich villains, whom we easily despise and wish terrible death. <br /> <br /> Completing the series of bad science-fiction movies, Attack of the Sabretooth has one of the most miserable computer-simulated animals I've ever seen. And the final sequence of death is so pernicious that you will demand in the deepest recesses of your soul the time spent on this truly awful exercise in the canon of the function of the being. There is some good dark humor coming from the heads pulled from the necks, but even here the prosthetic work is unconvincing. The prosthetic parts of the body and the abundance of blood when the victims are attacked, cry for help and receive none. I start to sound like a broken record, repeating in every user comment that I write for these movie films. I think it's time to go to other types of cinema. Robert Carradine is a ruthless businessman who is accused by his really repugnant former brother-in-law, Nicholas Bell, the only opening "Primal Park", resort / zoo, in which the main attraction are genetically created tigers. Stacy Haiduk, still quite delicious, is a security officer who tries to convince Bell to get investors to come up with the idea of ​​investing money in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's lover, and his role is to keep the operation running smoothly. <br /> <br /> Los Bell at the end, resulting from moving the tooth from the statue of a smooth tiger, is the bottom. Carradine spends a lot of time on films with Bell, his nemesis. The tiger's point of view shows people in a bright color as it approaches them. Ultimately, the film consists of characters passing through darkened corridors (... the tech nerd virus cuts off the power) worrying about their safety. Children from college commit violations and introductions to get the necessary items (it is a kind of scavenger hunting activity) to enter the brotherhood / brotherhood. The cast of these children does not rise above their stereotypes.
