The film starts with a manager (Nicholas Bell), who invites welcome investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that mutates the original animal with fossilized DNA, like Jurassik Park, and some scientists revive one of the most terrifying predators of nature, the Sabretooth Tiger or Smilodon Tiger. However, scientific ambitions become fatal, and when a high voltage fence opens, the creature escapes and begins to violently persecute its victim - people, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the restricted security center zone and are attacked by a pack of large prehistoric animals that are more lethal and larger. In addition, the security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and her colleague (Brian Wimmer) are fighting the carnivorous Smilodonami. The Sabretooths, of course, are real stars and are amazingly frightening, though not convincing. Huge animals brutally persecute their prey, and the group hurts and fights one of the most terrifying predators of nature. What's more, the third dangerous and slow third Sabretooth haunts its victims. <br /> <br /> The film delivers goods with a lot of blood and gore like a haircut, chills with hair, full of terror, when Sabretooths appear with average special effects. The story provides an exciting and thrilling entertainment, but it's quite boring. Huge animals are mostly made by a computer generator and appear to be completely poor. Bland appearances, although players react accordingly to becoming food. running, tying and jumping or hanging on the walls. And packs a funny final deadly scene. Not for young children thanks to realistic, bloody and brutal attack scenes. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are: abSabretooth (2002) James James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies, and much better 10,000 BC (2006) ¨ Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film filled with bloody moments is badly directed by George Miller and without originality, because it takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director usually working for television (Tidal wave, Journey to the center of the earth and many others), and sometimes for cinema (Man from Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, the bottom of the barrel.
