It gives me 3 points. It is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this film. It looks like American-International (a studio that specializes in ultra-low-budget tariffs in the 1960s) bought this movie and completely destroyed it - cutting a two-hour movie for a 64-minute movie! In addition, most of these 64 minutes are new material (eg "Monsters") - so you know that this movie has almost no resemblance to the original. The original film seems to be a rather simple drama about the conquest of the cosmos by the Soviets - although I'm not really sure what it was originally! To read the original video, read the review of Steven Nyland - she was very helpful. <br /> <br /> By the way, it was the third Soviet sci-fi film I saw, bought by an American international, then hacked apart to make a "new" film - a standard practice for a company that was ready to put almost everything on the screen to earn a buck - provided, of course, that it did not cost them more than the zloty in the first place !! This Americanized film concerned two rival world powers (NOT US and Soviet) trying to be the first on Mars. The cunning "bad" tries, but the "good ones" save one of the idiot astronauts and then go to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily trapped on the moon of Mars, where they see some monsters (added by American-International), which are REAAAALLY cheesy and one is similar to a certain part of the female anatomy. Then they are saved - they return to Earth heroes. <br /> <br /> The most important thing is that the movie has been massacred - transforming an amazingly beautiful piece of art (for now) into a C-grade film. For this reason, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the terrible work I did with this movie did not convince them to refuse to sell more movies for these jerks! It's worth to look for laughter, but the really bad times that make you laugh are few. So the movie is a dud - not enough to see it, what to do for bad movie buffs and too stupid to take it seriously. I would love to see this film in its original form - it must have been an image.
