Monster is a terribly unpleasant film about a bad American concrete factory (are there others in Hollywood?) Polluting the waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo, creating somehow a sum-like beast with a taste for lambs and loose women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, who is sent to Chimayo by his vulgar boss Barnes, who can not tear his hands from the back of the secretary to get to the heart of the story. While in Chimayo, Bill has to deal with an annoying reporter who apparently transmits all his stories in perfect English directly to America. I think that in the seventies there was a news market from small towns in South America. There is also a radical Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory for polluting water, which, incidentally, also supplies the city with jobs for the locals, but why let the cold economy enter the path of a sensitive environment. Pete, the head of the factory, is unwittingly backed by the monster when he is having sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, telling her that he meets with the mayor's daughter Juanita and that he is already between them and then is eaten immediately that night. A small side action without evidence. My hat is for you sir. John Carradine completes the cast as a priest who believes that the monster was sent by God to punish the sinners. You can see the contempt he has for being in this movie on the face. He might as well have filmed him running to the local currency exchange to see if his check had bounced back. <br /> <br /> Apparently based on a true story, so much so that they said it twice in the opening credits, this movie is awful on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford set foot on Monster's throat, adding his two annoying children as new characters, even placing his daughter Andrea in the best settlements with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality is non-existent and most of the scenes seem to have smudged the tar over the camera before filming. It is even more boring during many scenes performed at night. The monster itself is funny because it has its ugly, rubbery head for the anti-stationary ending. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof that the nepotism in the acting industry must be limited. Completely unobservable dreck. Shame on you, John Carradine.
