In the summer, which also prided itself on such repulsive smelly as Snakes on the plane and the Da Vinci Code, it is quite a bold statement. But still, I stand there. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months earlier, is too long, hyper-indulgent and has CGI up to the eyeballs. My God, these things are making me head. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner came up with the idea to "keep it in reality" for its 2 outputs. I think that his approach to special and optical effects is the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombards us so much CGI that he really removes you from history and constantly reminds you that you're watching hits that think the only way to impress the audience is to spend $ 250 million (totally irresponsible amount) on the unbearable visual effects that they do not meet this noise. We saw everything and we were everywhere where CGI could take us. There is no real atmosphere or commitment in this. And when it comes to the movie, which consists of 95% of this shit ... well, you come up with it. <br /> <br /> I have read so many reviews of fanboy critics about how the film has a "soul" or "human heart" or "delicate character moments". Puh-lease! I was already thinking that the superheroes are silently shouting: "You will love me if you knew who I am", dozens of times in recent years, and SR offers absolutely nothing NOTHING in this respect. Even the story is recycled trash. Lex Luthor (seriously poorly manned and noisy Kevin Spacey) plotting a plot to destroy the land of America has already been realized in the first movie! And ... well ... it's your destiny! It's amazing that they managed to pull out this trash for 2.5 painful hours! Even if the cast was nice, it would be less intolerable. But Brandon Routh has the screen personality of a mahogany hat, Kate Bosworth is completely unconvincing as a journalist awarded with Pulitzer, James Marsden is 250% wooden, and Kevin Spacey really needs to fire his agent or get a little better judgment. The only cast member I liked was the beautiful Parker Posey. But I'm in bizarre-looking girls. <br /> <br /> Every year, movies like this become bigger and more bombastic. Soon we will have 300 million dollars of movies. Studies must be aware that they should start looking down and not looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on this pile of nonsense, for all the resources that this movie cost ... was it worth it? In my opinion, definitely not! These trash made me become Superman for my whole life!
