First of all, let me comment on what I liked about the film. The special effects were fantastic and I very rarely felt that I was watching a video game. This is the last nice thing I have to say about this film. In fact, I would like everyone who read it to notice that I can not even express in words how difficult it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about this film, but the four main complaints come to my mind. My first serious complaint is about the incredible shakiness of the "plot twist" (if you can call it because most people probably saw it coming a mile away), where five-year-old son Lois turns out to be a super powered Superman kid. When a crying super child throws a piano into Lex's henchman to save his mother, I almost get up and leave the theater. Singer could have created a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap tricks, such as the seemingly fragile but latent, super-powered illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since watching the movie and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My other serious complaint concerns the fact that Superman raises the continent from kryptonite to space. You do not need a comic book from the Simpsons to indicate what's wrong with that. I do not know how many comics Brian Singer read, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite, he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. The one who came up with the idea of ​​flying a large island built of his greatest weakness into space will never be associated with any projects related to Superman. The concept is as absurd as making a Dracula movie, in which the title character has a stake in his heart and he still manages to fly a spaceship from garlic into the sun. Why is Superman not eating kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth and then fall asleep in kryptonite pajamas. It is not so absurd anymore that dragging the kryptonite continent into space, and then falling down, powerless by the atmosphere, without burning again or bursting across the park as it hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third serious complaint is that Singer pats movie viewers on the face with the religious symbolism of the whole movie. I must reckon with the fact that his character of Superman is the only son of God-like Jor-el sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not versatile, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son down to the earth to be a savior, he threw him on a rocket and hurriedly fired into space because his planet was about to explode. I will buy an allegory of Christ if Brian Singer can show me a role in the Bible, where God sends Christ to Earth, because Heaven was about to explode, and then the radioactive pieces of Heaven became the main weakness of Christ. What's more, the scene of "crucifixion" in which Luthor strikes Superman on the side with a kryptonite "spear" makes me want to hit my face in a brick until I am too dead to notice the obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will irritate a man steel in the near future. They might as well change the name of the movie "Superman Returns: the Passion of the Christ." <br /> <br /> And speaking about Luthor, my last serious complaint is related to the performance of Lex Luthor by Singer. Lex Luthor is a clever, cold-tempered business tycoon who is more likely to run for president (what he does in comics) than to try to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; I want to manage, not destroy everything. However, Luthor, whom we see in Superman Returns, as well as all of Superman's previous films, is a crazy theatrical asshole who makes up plans for destroying the world. If Singer had the least loyalty to heroes instead of Superman's (horrible) previous films, this movie may not be such an unbearable parody. Perhaps the next project of Singer may be the Batman movie, which focuses on the interpretation of Batman from a television series from the 1960s. ZAM! Whap! POW !! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, I do not know what I hate more, the film itself or the fact that so many people seem to give good reviews. Everyone has the right to their opinion, but if you do not hate this video, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads that you do not watch this movie if you have not done it yet. Do not look at it, do not buy it when it appears on DVD, do not rent it ... basically do not put in any money in any way. This movie does not deserve to earn money. In fact, I think that for every person who sees the movie, Bryan Singer should be fined 45 billion dollars. If you're a fan of Superman and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and ask someone to kick you in and get the same without wasting 2 hours of your time.
