THHE remake was a great remake of movies in every respect. Most of the remakes end in total trash, but under the very talented director Alexandre Aja has become one of the best ever created in remakes, and also in terms of the mutated inbreed human horror subgenre. In stages 2 directed by another Martin Weisz and written by father and son Combo Jonathan and Wes "I can not make a good horror to save my life" Craven and if this is some indication of directing skills Weisz and young Craven Writing skills in which everyone we're playing in a painful future, because THHE 2 is not only not as good as the first one, but it's also not fun at ANY level. <br /> <br /> We start with a rather graphical mutant birth of a child who is rather cool, will not prepare you for the total trash to come, just a hint what could be in this movie. Then we meet with a team of scientists, who all briefly present and send our radiated rejections. In the steps of our main cast of military reservists to save this day, the main problems begin here. <br /> <br /> From very poor performance (yes, even for this kind of movie) to horrible characters with the lack of a real slaughter for most of their time, THHE 2 becomes a work to watch, because nothing happens when idiots soldiers they make a mistake after mistake, only to meet there with a fall, not by mutants, but by themselves. Think Marines in Aliens just the opposite and you have an idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is a real shame of the film, because most of the Hills' residents do not get the killings you want to see, as in the first movie, in fact, if he did not have THHE 2 at the beginning and a short review it was loosely associated with the first, which could have been almost the original Sci-Fi channel. <br /> <br /> Mountainbillies mutant is not so much fun this time in reality in many ways that it is much worse for our previous party, because all are rather unprofitable and uninteresting. The one who took the cake was the Mutant Slut (you know Sloth from the Goonies) who helps them in the third act. I waited for him to ask for Baby Ruth or talk about Rocky Road Ice Cream. Truly disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the events here. <br /> <br /> The disc is in the movie, but it is not as expressive as the original, in fact it seemed subdued in the majority as outside the birth stage of the mutant child, there really is nothing that stands out like in the first one. Another big strike against this movie. So what worked here, the answer is nothing. It was like a sequel designed specifically to make money on the success of the first, not on the creation of a "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can talk about stupid Drill SGT. he has a halt in speech (that's right, he's the kind of guy I want him to help me in a real crisis) or a pacifist warrior who looks exactly like the character form as our "hero" in the first movie, but I believe you get a point . This movie is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first. He should have received another title and be added to Saturday Night Line up on the Sci-Fi channel. The real shame may be a solid continuation, but unfortunately it looks like another horror, which throws the ball at almost every level and will receive one of my lowest results, because it gives THHE 2 the same result as its part: 2/10 Dreadful: Words can not describe how bad this film is, which in all respects is the complete opposite of its predecessor, unnecessary and unnecessary. Next time, if you're going to do the sequel so bad ... do not even bother. Please, do not go and support this trash in cinemas, save money and thank you later !!!!
