This absurd and inept movie is certainly the most wrong version of "Hamlet" that will ever reach the screen. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; going as far as presenting ophelia in a straight jacket, suddenly casting Fortinbras army (looking like the climax of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail"), when the palace is apparently guarded only by Francisco (who screams a very non-Shakespearean shout "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before shooting) and plenty of stellar scenes that go back to the Bottom times of Jimmy Cagney and Kate Mary Pickford. <br /> <br /> Branagh decided to set his film in the Edwardian scenery, but at the same time decided to use an almost uncomplicated text, so that often deeply rooted dialogue in the Elizabethan mentality does not make sense in the context in which it is performed. Branagh does not care about such subtleties of invoices as the ambiguous nature of the relationship between Hamlet and Olphelia, treating the public with a vulgar naked sex scene between a couple who throws all ambiguity straight into the stained glass window. <br /> <br /> Uncut text allows Branagh to indulge in his favorite movie entertainment: more Kenneth Branagh recordings. It is never as obvious as in "How All Occasions Inform Against Me", which ends the first half of a nineteen-hour long movie (at least it seems) that tries to play a dramatic crescendo like Gone With The Wind's "I will never be hungry". This can be done by Branagh's ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or say: when I saw the movie in the theater, I bent down to my companion and chuckled, "Big moments with Mr. Hamlet." Branagh has recently rescued the funniest and tastiest moment when he tries to defeat Olivier's movie and the rightly celebrated death of Claudius, jumping from high tower to Hamlet, hitting him with a sword. Branagh's Dane does the king because he heroically throws a seemingly magical rapier from behind the palace to run Claudius' heart with the help of a superhero bull. The only thing that saved this moment from being unbearable was that it was so much fun. <br /> <br /> While this film was praised in some circles as a serious picture of the tragedy, it is in fact nothing more than a stellar show of a once talented filmmaker who is ahead of his own narcissism. The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer, but a few unintentional laughter and a terrifying view of the ego of one man out of control.
