Okay, let's not be mistaken here. If this is a continuation of the remake of the original horror film, does it also mean that it is a remake of the original part of the horror movie? We hope that this is not a general rule, because the sequel of Wes Craven to the original "The Hills have Eyes" ?? released somewhere in the mid-1980s? is one of the worst and unnecessary horrors ever made. The second movement did not have a real plot and did not re-use the original material just to further exploit the success of a truly rough and petrified premise. Craven also wanted us to believe that even the dogs suffer from retrospection and painful memories because the loyal German Shepard of the Carter family survived their bloody battle with one of the mountain hills. There were a lot of disturbing signals indicating that this continuation would be terrible. Remake was released just a year ago and is the sequel? The incredible speed of his release rightly makes you question the quality of the script. Do not they need a bit more time if they want to come up with a movie that should be frightening, threatening and disturbing? Thanks to his excellent film, Alexandre Aja almost completely changed his general view of horror repercussions, because he had courage and intellect, changing the essential elements of the plot and adding more nauseating blood than anyone could have expected. In addition, Aja is a quite talented young director and he was noticed thanks to his French cult classic "High Tension", but who is this new director? "The Hills Have Eyes" by Aji was an unexpected hit, appreciated by both experienced and older generations of horror fans, as well as by younger and excessively enthusiastic target groups. This is a really good movie, and although an avalanche of new sequels and clones will be unavoidable, it is very unlikely that any of them would ever equal Aji's surprising level of impact. With all this in mind, plus a fairly large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this hurried sequel really is not as horrible as anticipated. The screenplay is a routine and clichéd horror movie, introducing quite a large number of characters with a few or even no spines and no taste depicting the way they are killed by traditionally repulsive freaks. After the events of the first movie, the American army set up a camp in the middle of the new Mexican desert to investigate the effects of nuclear tests that took place in the 1950s and 1960s. For the terribly mutated survivors of the miners community who remained there during radioactive research, scientists and researchers create a tasty starter until the main dish of incompetent soldiers reaches the truck. They are just about to quit food and supplies, but encounter their final military exercises in the face of relentless humanoids who live in the remains of the mines. <br /> <br /> It's basically just more slasher numbers with stupid characters who even after losing a few friends are already stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act as easy targets to kill. It is also very easy to indicate which of them will come out of this adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence, while another constantly looks at the video images of his charming 3-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" is completely missing? How can you expect? originality, logic and credible situations. Mutated miners are not as dangerous as their colleagues in the first part, mainly because they are not organized this time and only act like drooling and sexually hungry prototypical monsters. Because you do not care about the amateur G.I. Joe "heroes" and definitely do not feel compassion for the eyes in the hills, this movie is much less convincing and immersive than last year's original. Oddly enough, this second movie is not as violent and bloody as the first! Sequels usually compensate for the lack of tension and the lack of unexpected twists with extra bloodshed and more graphically deadly sequences, but the action in this sequel is really tame compared to the sick material from its predecessor. Are there a few scenes that will satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fanatics? mainly showing soldiers falling from cliffs or shot by their own guns? but unfortunately there are no outrageous battles with ax or vicious dog attacks. What a pity! What is the meaning of the sequel if it does not even exceed the level of abominations and / or unjustified filth of the original? Fortunately, the movie is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you will have the greatest fun to see all the things that do not make the slightest sense! For example, wallets falling from bloody heads of people, women deprived of muscle strength as soldiers with hard asses and ?? my personal favorite ?? assigning ONE soldier with difficulties in speaking radio communication.
