Last year's remake of "The Hills Have Eyes" was one of the best attempts to update the unimaginable challenges of the 70s horror for a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed for the admirable character development, and when violence began, it was brutality and wildness, and all this took place in the landscape of immaculate photography and production design. I was one of the few people who really thought it was better than the original and I am looking forward to my second visit to the extremely dark and cruel world of wild desert mutants. <br /> <br /> "Hills Have Eyes 2", issued just a year after the original, seems to be a hasty and ill-conceived attempt to earn a franchise with little thought about quality. Jonathan Craven's script could have been written over the weekend, and given the speed at which the movie entered the cinemas, it probably was. It is based on every cliché of the genre in the book, offering absolutely nothing new in the mythology of a desert mutant. There always seems to be a groan of disappointment when the sequel replaces civilian figures with the army. Soldiers are always so lazyly written and never fail in harsh caricatures of proud macho crap. In my opinion, "Aliens" was the only movie that successfully made such a transition, because of James Cameron's talent, not only to guide the best sequences of action, but never forgetting that the public must care for people who are murdered. He was also helped by some really talented actors. With "The Hills have Eyes 2" it is clear that the video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the cast of television fans has no talent or even a tendency to convert cardboard cutouts into something close to life, breathing human beings. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a broad and general banality. They act in a stupid and illogical way, making stupid and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably stupid and illogical deaths. The second half of the movie becomes another boring scenario of pursuit behind dark corridors. "The Descent" (coincidentally Sam McCurdy also worked as a cinematography) proved that even the most derivative of the sequence can still be realized with original originality and tension, but we do not see such an innovation here. <br /> <br /> "The Hills Have Eyes 2" is simply a very lazy movie, without tension, tension or surprise, in which no person is remotely interested in producing anything of high quality. It's a tame and tired excuse for the sequel and deserves to spend the rest of your life in the Blockbuster exhibition container.
