"The Hills Eyes II", one of the most senseless and blatantly stupid sequels that will appear in a while, is 90 minutes of incompetent filming at its best. Or the worst, however you choose to look at it. While the remake of "Hills" in 2006 was one of the best and most terrifying horrors this year, this sequel takes every spark of what made such an achievement accomplished. Part 2 never disappears, and his dialogue about numbness does not take place. The worst part is that it is not terrifying. <br /> <br /> The remake of 2006 came from a family that was in the middle of the desert in New Mexico, abandoned, and one after the other, chosen by demented and sadistic people from the mountains. People who, as a result of the military tests of the atomic bomb on their land years ago, have become who they are. Survival of travelers who wander to the region. Continuation puts the audience in the same desert, now occupied by the army, while secretly exploring the hills and what could have happened to this poor family. When a group of military interns is brought to the campsite, it turns out that it is abandoned without traces of life. A bleak reality will soon meet them when they realize that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that has been handed over to many before them will soon become their destiny. <br /> <br /> You do not need a genius to realize that "Hills" has no legitimate reason to exist. But since last year's remake was well received by both the box office and the critics, it was no surprise that the sequel will be put into production while there is still money to earn. This time there is no reason nor a reason for it, just an unbelievable and ridiculous configuration that will pave the way for mindless characters, non-original killings, non-existent history and hasty interest. Initially, director Alexander Aja made the iconic Craven classic in remake, which was a unique and completely disturbing experience. One who terribly crossed the line on more than one occasion. His honest demonstration of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded characteristics and uncertain white tension were effectively used to shock and repel the audience. The second time it is a hand refreshing. There is no style, no gravel. He's trying to build up tension by dismembering bodies when everything he does is done doing this kind of film where even blood seems to be tame compared to newer blood baths. a state in which deformed mutants that catch women for breeding purposes do not pay attention to themselves. It's boring, nothing more. "Hills" has no bites. Despite the jump or two here and there, there is nothing terrible in this horrific horror. It feels like something you can see on the Sci-Fi channel, only with some F-bombs, blood splatter here and there, rape and a graphic birth scene that is more glaring than shocking. It's cheap. And thanks to "Hills" you collect what you sew. You can not expect anything in return without any effort. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aji Martin Weih as the director was the first big mistake of the film, all he does is drain the film of all kinds of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the unusual bad script written by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven. You ask, how bad could it be? It's a kind of dialogue that makes every comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven had a lot of bastard in the past, but I never expected something like that from him. It's so involuntarily funny, you have to wonder if Craven is kidding this? Or maybe he threw it on his son after the studio paid him back? The film's heroes are one-dimensional talking heads without emotion and common sense. Acting is just as bad. The only character who can defeat you is Napoleon Napoli, a skinny kid who does not suit others. Even the insane and guided instincts of the villains who found a favor a year ago in our deepest thoughts face indifference. You do not hate them, you do not like them. You really do not care. Just like in this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were ashamed of fear during "The Hills Have Eyes", like me, you will have a hard time finding something that would make you enjoy this piece of rubbish. It's as general as generic, and there's absolutely nothing we have not seen many times before. I can not express it enough, avoid "Hills have eyes II" like a plague. It's frightening, un-original, crazy and boring. Stick to the remake or original Craven vision. Because if you do not leave after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
