I saw this movie after its release and watched it three or four times, including last week. I regret that I must be a voice of dissent in relation to Mr Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> It's really a great, sumptuous movie, let alone ambitious, lasting over 4 hours - beautifully filmed and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others do great work. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If there was ever any vanity project for the actor, that's it, and Mr. Branagh does not spare anything about putting ham in Hamlet. From stunt casting (which gives us the worst performance in history by the pitifully mistaken Jack Lemmon), to fragments of a distracting business that bring a sense of "naturalness" to his own performance, which stretches from rejection of the single's most famous monologue in all literature to the shouting of each line other. His performance confirms that, although it can be better on the stage, where bigger is necessary, he has never been a great movie actor. The budget for the script can be catered for, Mr. Branagh eats so much. His performance is a great example of why people do not go to Shakespeare - "full of sound and rage, meaningless." And if its fault is wrong, it keeps the camera firmly glued to its excessive performance. <br /> <br /> Regardless of what theories people can bet on Bardo, the playwright was spoken and done. The brilliance of his plays is based on the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "proper" way of playing his plays, there is certainly great acting, good acting and bad acting. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of the "Hamlet" himself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh "mumbled" it, but he did not hear it. This was an example of spending too much time wondering how he would say something, and not thinking too much WHAT he says. <br /> <br /> While Mr. Branagh certainly did a great job in assembling fun productions, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and let those who know the art of the game practice. His direction has always been better than acting. I still give him tremendous praise for resurrecting interest in filming Shakespeare. He set a great template for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on stage from about 20 rows back. But I hope that he will decide to direct more and act less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? For sure. There are many small joys in the film. But it's a long, long film, and you can feel it to the end that they enjoyed it less than they did.
