I suppose all internal jokes made Munchies an iconic classic. I thought it was horrible, although considering the funny story and character of the characters, it would probably be a much better (and more fun) movie. Maybe all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have already seen, is something like a Gremlin parody. Hence all references to the film. The film begins somewhere in Peru during archaeological excavations. An annoying dufus named Paul, an aspiring standed comedian who does not offer sarcasm or witty jokes during the movie despite his professional plans, is absorbed in his dad in the caves. His dad is an unconventional type of archeologist, searching the caves not for artifacts, mummies or anything else, but proof that it is U.F.O. And that's where Munchies appear. Hidden in the rock gap is an ugly little mutant who looks like a spinning rubber doll with the voice of Gizmo. They call him Arnold, hide in a bag and bring home, so Paul's father can finally prove extraterrestrial life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot who is, breaks the promise given to dad, watch Arnold (the bet he made with his dad, if he loses, is in a social college to get a real career). A creepy neighbor with a bad carpet, Cecil (TV veteran Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors are doing. So he and his lazy son, some type of air hippie (who looks more like they were supposed to make his character a motorcyclist or enthusiast of heavy metal), went and snatched Arnold. Why? Get a rich program quickly. Of course, even Cecil's son is too stupid to look after Arnold. After a few nudges from Arnold, he multiplies in more Munchies. <br /> <br /> It was not even a movie that was so bad it was good. It was just awful. I hoped Munchie would mutate and kill the morons who were always behind them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be one of the ways to get rid of all the bad acts in this movie that really turn up the movie. Not to mention the weak special effects that look like puppets. And really bad writing around - it was not even funny - even the young policeman who can really give you a murderous twitch in your eye. Like I said, Munchies, if they were given real budget and better actors, they could do a good parody. Pass.
