Munchies starts in the deepest darkest Peru (it reminds me of a dirtier path), where archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on the expedition. Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec buildings were actually space control centers and have a mission to prove that alien life forms have visited the Earth, when once such a structure reveals a strange little creature that sticks into a backpack and takes it back home to the small American town of Sweetwater, California. Simon feels that the creature is the evidence he was looking for, and for some inexplicable reason he decides to leave it at home while he shares his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food businessman Cecil Watterman (again Harvey Korman) steal the creature, so his brother does not make money on it, but his idiot stepson Dude (Jon Stafford) fights him and kicks him with a knife, but the individual parts turn into separate small creatures that cause havoc to townspeople ... <br /> <br /> The direction of Bettina Hirsch must be one of the worst horror comedies, if not the worst. The scenario of Lance Smith is so unpleasant that it is painful. Every joke in Munchies circumvents the goal with the proverbial mile. I doubt that humor in this piece of ugliness would even appeal to teenagers. There is nothing funny or even fun in Munchies. The basic story is also nonsense, it just happens that this being runs around without explaining what it is, why nobody has seen it before, how it manages to learn English so fast and how to learn to ride etc. The whole thing is a huge rip off Gremlin (1984) without any elements that made this film so good. The characters are morons, stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil is wearing an embarrassing wig and fake mustache and his wife in the air Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They are simply embarrassed and ridiculous, I oppose anyone to find some of these rancid rubbish. Essentially, Munchies fails spectacularly, being either a comedy or a horror movie and it ends, yes, you guessed it, shit. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch apparently worked with a low budget here and it shows, the whole thing takes place in two houses: the desert, the caves and the miniature golf course. It's really cheap and incompetent movie making. The special effects of the Munchies themselves are really awful, their dolls that have no movement, unless someone from the camera pulls a rope attached to his arm. I can not stress how bad these effects are, these things would not have convinced my 4-year-old nephew (as he and yesterday proved it!). Total incompetence, this movie sucks. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is horrible, bad special effects, bad production design, garbage sets and well, just all nonsense. Acting is broken, from cops to Korman, who has two roles that prove he can not act and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a really bad movie that fails in everything that it tries to achieve, definitely watch it, if you want, I will not stop you, but just do not say you were not warned! I would advise you to watch Gremlin instead, but the decision is yours!
