Most would agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most intriguing figures in the history of the comic. I'm not an expert on Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of X-Men and I have definitely approved the well-known image of the sloppy Logan Hugh Jackman. I enjoyed the first X-Men, I thought the sequel was too heavy and messy and I liked the third as a comic strip. For all three films, I probably liked Jackman more than anything else. I thought that the idea of ​​making "beginnings" -movie about Wolverine could be a better movie than all three X-Men films. If we concentrate on one character, I came to the conclusion that there may be a movie that will achieve what I could not find in the second film - it is quite a complex and hero-driven adventure with comic books. <br /> <br /> The reason why Wolverine - the movie fails not because competition is more difficult after the Dark Knight. It is not even because of the development of a story that is obvious and residual - even if it is certainly not good - no, because the movie does not even seem to try. First of all, it does not qualify as a good entertainment. There is something in action in this movie that comes out so very, very automatically. Without bigger special effects or uncertainty elements, and when one event makes you predict the next five, it almost feels like a Uwe Bolla movie, imitating the concept of an action / adventure movie that you've seen a dozen or so times before. Of course, nothing in this movie is as horrible as the Bolls fragment, but when everyone is talking about stereotypes, as if they were part of a chain of events that are so standard, at least you make a connection and it's definitely bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there is an even bigger problem. Even a general action movie is a general action movie and, incidentally, makes you forgive a lot of holes in the story and stupidity of the character. I think you've found the most fundamental flaw in the title itself. I mean "Origins". Really? What do the people behind this movie think about this title? What did they mean ?? Want to know the origin of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. In dramatic circumstances, they fled the house. Then they went to war. Everybody! Civil war, World War I, II and Vietnam. Why did they do it? Still unknown. In the end, brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became angry. "How?" you ask. I do not know, it was somewhere between the beach of Omaha and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" You still ask. I just said I do not know !! The film does not explain. It's okay! "Yes, but ... you know," origin "... Yes, that's the origin! I mean duh! In any case, they end up in a super-secret team of mutant elite soldiers. Something with the government, noise. Wolvie gets fed up and leaves his brother. For six years, he is a happy lumberjack with a loved one who ends up a bit helpless while Sabretooth suddenly appears again. "Yes ... but ... why? - Oh, shut up! - and Wolvie decides to become a guinneapig for a band of evil scientist who makes him a war-beast covered in metal. He follows all the bad guys, and they come for him and after all fights they end with the erasure of memory, cue X-Men the first movie. <br /> <br /> There. This is the origin. It can also be found on the back of the DVD. The real movie will not tell you anything. No valuable action scenes, good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my audience on the couch: A thick suit! Black guy token! Oh, I'll give you 200 in cash if this girl survives this movie ... be a Gambit ... ? mmhm, so good ... uh-huh, right), not one line of unforgettable dialogues and zero lines, to cover the shirt, added to those ordinary stupid things that damage credibility in general, usually forgive ..... Well, it sounds like a waste of time, right? Fans will check it or have already done so. You can not stop it. But if you liked X-Men movies for a different reason than that they were well-made and fun - see them again and do not do any favors by trying to find sources where they are not.
