Soulless milking of cash cows franchise. Generic superhero flick. CGI presentation. "A series of unlikely events" by Gavin Hood. A combinatorial iteration of mutated combat scenes, combined with an ambiguous exposition justifying the formation / dissolution of any alliances. I'm not expecting Shakespeare here, but the stereotype per minute on the subway was out of date: the original scream when he looked up at the sky and knelt over the murdered girl. Renegade military commander. Predictable double crosses. Revenge was looking for a killed lover. Blurred memories. A bad figure discovering morality at the last moment. Erroneous errors in performing nemeses after defeating them in melee combat. The lover really is dead. The lover actually acts as a spy for the hero's arch-nemesis. The girl / spy really falls in love with the hero. Good people work for antagonists to save kidnapped family members. The bad brain does not respect promises to unwilling employees. Kindly, the old couple takes care of the weary hero and is murdered for his troubles. Certain deaths have reversed when third parties arrive on stage before the grace of grace. The hero reluctantly joins a secret government agency. Abandoning the elite unit in protest against the innocent slaughter. Scientists are unable to control the indestructible machine of killing their own creation. An outdated, but nice, governmental "secret weapon" kills a better-designed but soulless successor. The hero leaves the wreck and casually ignites the gasoline trail behind him. After everyone has given up, the flat heart monitor raises the pulse. The bad brain explains to the protagonist the plans he no longer considers a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because he is "better than this". The clear comic character makes comical understatements and unconventional comments. The cheerful psychopath relishes the accidental murderous madness. Almost indestructible Goliaths throw each other through a series of walls and other physical injuries that would kill an ordinary mortal. Man sends dozens of enemies with armed weapons, having only skilful fencing. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry are temporarily abandoned. An antagonist using the murder of a loved one as a justification for a wrong crusade. <br /> <br /> I could continue, but it's just exhausting. If you are over 12 years old and do not live in your mother's basement, there is probably nothing for you here. Depressingly, it's not too far for superheroes, so just discount everything I've written if you do not have enough of this genre.
