It's official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien has no thought in his beautiful little head. Are you wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (is it Qi?) Does not appear in this. Instead, we get crazy Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging from her song at the end, she is a pop star, just like the girl who serves you at Rockin 'Curry is an actress - and wasted Tadanobu Asano, usually a quality indicator, who is obliged not to do anything here, but to stand and look like a mumbling Asian hipster and is too old to deal with it. <br /> <br /> Hou philosophy? Life is an abyss, no big deal, feel it and move on. I would like to do it, but Hou gives us nothing to feel at Cafe Lumiere except a nondescript essay about Life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and a stunning observation that people are ships that pass by at night, no, they make trains that pass the day, never not connecting, everyone rushing to their own destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel, or perhaps a bridge if they are lucky. Yikes. Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most sparse, technically made and mesmerizing movies of all time. How the same director who created the first movie of the movie, which features about twelve actors, talking with the speed of a machine gun for about ten minutes - an impossible directorial feat - will be trapped by doing laconic porn in the sub-Jarmusch for two people movies now in a row? Millennium Mambo can be a burden, but at least it has two great shots, shots that point to Hou's true calling as a film equivalent of Odilon Redon: These shots are a sex scene with arithmically blinking lights and an initial shot of the floating Shu Qi in the blue corridor. His M.O. during the creation of Cafe Lumiere, it seems that two great shots from Millennium Mambo have been removed to make it more consistent. Be a judge if it sounds attractive. <br /> <br /> Hou does not need to be refined - you can not refine the idea of ​​limbo further than Flowers of Shanghai. It has to develop, spread out, free the internal expressionist and revitalizer of the genre, which is senselessly wasted in stereotypical minimalism. It's time to remake Akira live or something like that. This kind of artistic film, in which the actors are supposed to be authentic, because they are held without faces in long shots and speaking monosyllables, is now at least as safe, a ghetto and stagnation as the Hollywood blockbuster action. (What is the relationship between "reality" and people who can not speak? I think that people "in real life" never cease to babble.) On the other hand, given that 2005 alone brought large budgets so diverse and rich in ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, now it's safe to say that even Michael Bay surpassed Hou and it is really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that Hou is over fifty, I honestly think he did not even start. There are several moments in this movie that show that the promise still exists, for example a romantic piece at the beginning of the bookstore, when the room dims to the bloody sunset, while Hitoto speaks of children with the faces of the goblins. But any fear stops him, however convenient it is to make the same movie over and over and be hailed as gullible and pretentious as the cinema savior, Hou, your time as darling of Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and whatever else the film festivals have almost come to an end and people they catch on ruse twice quickly. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now giving both of these boring fraudsters who are forever going to enter their own dark tunnels. Risk your shirt in an epic sci-fi movie, sell yourself, be revolted - but leave a social critique to people who have no eyes or heart. Let your talented artist express yourself fully. Otherwise, you will never leave the abyss.
