I am a relative supporter of the transcendent work of the film's author, Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterfully subtle views on Japanese life, especially in the post-World War era, illuminate universal truths. Seeing now a few of his breakthrough films such as Late Spring 1949 and Tokyo Story from 1953, I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly specific gift of communicating the range of feelings resulting from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and subtle ideas. This is the vivid pursuit of the Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsun to pay tribute to Ozu on his century with this generally enervating film from 2003. Among co-screenwriters T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to improve the appearance, but does not capture the required emotional weight that could make the ice rate bearable. <br /> <br /> The story concerns Yôko, a young Japanese writer studying the life of a Taiwanese composer from the mid-20th century, Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan, where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of setting the character, he reveals to his father and stepmother that he is pregnant with one of his students in Taiwan. At the same time, Hajime, the owner of Yôko, who runs a used bookstore, is obsessed with trains and is probably in love with her. Hsiao-hsien combines this thin feature line with a series of shots held for excessively long shots as the frame composition changes. There are also long sections of silence, as well as a lot of scenes with trains. While these techniques are in line with the Ozu style, Hsiao-hsien can not delve into the characters' psyche in the way that Ozu did it with maximum fluidity and minimal theaters, in particular, the situation of Yôko seems rather casual in the presented drama and the reaction of her parents were too passive to attract a lot of interest. In fact, the whole movie has an atmosphere of exhaustion, which makes the movie infinite. <br /> <br /> The performances are discreet, although they are difficult to remember. J-pop music star Yo Hitoto brings a natural ease to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is a kind of cipher as Hajime. The rest of the heroes barely register, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as parents of Yôko. The operator Lee Ping-Bing provides professional work, although it violates the cardinal principle of Ozu movies, because it does not maintain a stable camera during photos. Hitoto says-sings a pop song that's used over the ending subtitles, "Hito-Shian." On the DVD there is an hour-long French documentary "Métro Lumière", which is actually part of the context for the Hsiao-hsien approach to the film. It contains fragments of Ozu films, in particular "Equinox Flower", to show the parallels with this film, although neither "Tokyo Story" nor "Early Summer", the obvious basis for some scenes and situations - UPS is surprisingly mentioned. There are also edited clips with interviews of Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as a movie trailer.
