CREEPSHOW 2 is a fatal continuation of the original George Romero, CREEPSHOW. Any continuation of Romero's film, which was not directed by Romero himself, has large shoes to fill, mainly because of Romero fans who think he is God. I did not care about the first movie and it was quite funny, I did not care about the sequel. The movie series had so much potential, but it was short-lived because both films were less than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that he had only three stories (except for the intermediate story), and because the first story was unbelievable, she only left the chance for almost half of the movie to be * really * good . I saw CS 2 in movies, and the first segment was a real groan. Everything that is dramatic with George, "I can not play," Kennedy is automatically doomed, and the history of the Indian Statue was too hokey and simply not part of this part. So, after a really boring and boring clash, there are only two other stories left to reverse the fiasco of the interrupted beginning and, unfortunately, two other stories were not good enough to forget about the first story. THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER are moderately successful, moderate, because although the other two segments have their moments, they still fall flat. The last two stories are basically stretched too long. It's not that I wanted these stories to happen at a dizzying pace and they ended soon, but both good ideas found in these stories have been somewhat disfigured by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell flat when the segments had to be more energized more irregular and with punchier tips. In addition, if the last two stories have not been stretched to a film washer or if all three segments were more concise with better editing and direction, they could add a much needed fourth story to the group. Having only three padded segments for a boring feast. <br /> <br /> Acting and writing in THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments are from horrible to good. In the last segment I like Lois Chiles. This is probably her best moment on the screen, in addition to the role of Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and DEATH ON THE NILE. But even her role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the useful direction and unspecified history. Do we hate or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize with an annoying hitchhiker? If the body of the hitchhiker was found by other people on the road, what did he have when he attacked Chiles? Was he a ghost, a zombie or something? How did the body finally leave the presence of other people who found him dead to attack Chiles? The whole thing is not very clear, even for supernatural history. And the ending is rather boring and calm. <br /> <br /> Regarding the infamous history of THE RAFT, well, acting is mainly on a terrible side and none of the characters is sympathetic or interesting. Characters would be more interesting if the actors played alone. None of the actors is convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the stupid jockey he plays, and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very convincing, like a typical slut. She seems too shy. The same can be said for two others who play "ordinary" teenagers. The idea of ​​a deadly oil stain is interesting and frightening, but not very well made. There should be a fifth figure in history, maybe a homeless man or a guard who lurks around the lake and knows about the oil stain and could be a kind of alter ego water monster. As frightening as an oil stain, it is not an irresistible 'form'. And the way history ends, everything seems pointless. No blow. <br /> <br /> With the exception of some exciting aspects that always make boring things worthwhile, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in the theater was basically a waste of money and time. CS 2 is more loan materials than what you pay to see on the big screen.
