We were all there, sitting with friends, watching a bad movie, laughing at how horribly it was done and how weak the game was; in the end, the loans are spinning around and everyone is looking around and saying "how is it possible that such a movie was made? Who paid the money for this script to be made in a feature film? "Well, Jigsaw is not a kind of film, instead of asking how the trash was planned, you wonder why the creators were fired from the cannon into the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst film ever made or made, coming from a guy who saw Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The film starts in some class at the university, what type of classes I'm not sure about, but I imagine that this is a class of art. Now these daughters have received the final project from their idiot teacher, five of them have got dummy pieces and have designed it in any way they think fit, and because there are only five pieces, other students in the class receive and automatic A, strange, in There are only six students in this class, so one gothic style gets free, good for her! The week passes, and five students plus a teacher and one highlander's men meet in the bar to discuss and finish the project, lay pieces, head, arms, legs and inform others why they chose their specific projects, now these creative geniuses used this week in full, one puts the blade of the saw in his left hand, the other gets a cut shotgun, the right leg folds a bunch of broken pottery, and the left magazine clippings, the worst head gets the camera in the eyes, ala Hellraiser 3, with several bottle rockets for the stylish mo-hawk . After everyone has gone away with their specifics, now the drunk teacher says he has to burn a mannequin, now aptly named Jigsaw. Until now, it was standard, horrible, honest filming, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but it was still quite likely, but after Jigsaw caught fire, things turn into the worst ... Jigsaw comes alive. ask? I do not know, he's just doing it because the writers could not come up with a realistic way to form two-pound plastic to become alive (Come on guys, lighting bolt, traveling voodoo priest, everything could work). So, when Jigsaw comes to life, he uses his new abilities to walk very slowly and with the help of his molded fingers to wreak havoc. First, he kills a nice guy with some barbed wire, the guy who was supposed to take care of him with a hot face, decides that drinking ground beer in the distance is more important than what is in front of him. After his departure, Jigsaw shoots a sexy girl in the face and then gives the old man a heart attack with a slight twist of the head, then looks out for the nasty southern woman and then her husband from the hill; Jigsaw then kills a nerdy guy with some headless trick. Did I mention that Jigsaw took parts of his body from his victims to create a human version of himself? No! Well, no matter that they do not even show their macabre creature, they do not even show him how he stole the torso of his poor creator (Maybe he tried to create a detective from In Living Color). So after the five were killed, the teacher and the nerdy girl are all left behind, the teacher discovers that Jigsaw needs only a head to complete his work, because he is still not interested in this thing. So being a coward is a teacher who binds a girl as a victim to Jigsaw, who comes only to the teacher with his electric saw that he has not even connected. you can not even see how a teacher is killed or what happens to a girl, let alone explain why Jigsaw came to life or how it was cleaned after burning. This movie is so disgraceful that you can see it too, it's only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of the day; For life memories, jigsaws, jigsaws, jigsaws. Thank you, Total Reminder! The judge ruled, watch Jigsaw only when your plans to cut off the genitals seem to be going on.
