This film really disappointed me. Acting is terrible. Unbelievable. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly clear: a group of independent actors plays Passion, and they in turn start to live the life of the characters they play. I've watched a lot of movies lately, thanks to Netflix, and this is the first I have not seen for a long time. I felt that I did not have to see the end; we all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> It seems that for some this "modernization" of the Gospel is sacrilegious or enlightening. I can not talk about it because I was not brought up in a Christian church. Nevertheless, I grew up in the USA and live in an increasingly Christian culture. I am curious enough about Jesus and about the modernization of religion, for better or worse. I did not see the Mel Gibson version, but I'm guessing that those who liked it will like it except the most conservative ones. I would like it to be a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these reviews praise the direction of Arcand, especially the photos. I did not like any. The film itself is rather prudish and preaching. I did not believe that character heroes and I have never been involved in their lives on screen. The play in art is very outdated and, I think, it does not have its own weight in real-time production. But it does not matter. What I really needed is a stronger character development and conspiracy to support the philosophical and theological questions that the film would like to find. And the music choices are obvious and unoriginal. <br /> <br /> These were two examples that easily come to mind. First, there is a reconstruction of the parable about Jesus, who expels librarians from the temple: the main actor who fell on a woman who plays Magdalena and who is also a model and a dancer becomes angry that he must humiliate himself by auditioning for advertising (with a vile producer and a lot of panting men in the audience) with lowered pants. It destroys this place and chases them all. I think this is the level to which the film wants to reach. The romance between them is completely arbitrary and is not emotionally realized at all, and the scene takes place like a high school Death of a traveling salesman, i.e. Not good. Please, stop hitting me with such a high "meaning". The second is the relationship between the second woman and the priest, who asked them to do this art, and who finally turns against them and betray them to the corrupt church today. Why. Why is she sleeping with this guy. "He brings him so much pleasure, and I'm so little pain." Ah, holy slut and nice old coot. It seems that it is enough for Arcand to mark, but it is not worth it, to enrich and enliven these characters. They go through the movements and reach for the eject button. <br /> <br /> Do not hesitate to write to me as bored, tired or simply not interested. I invite you to watch this movie and see the Passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, provided as an amateurish and amusing charade. We encourage you to confirm all your previously accepted ideas and see how shreds of artistic honesty will be abandoned for monotonous nonsense. But do not say I did not warn you.
