"Kings and Queens" is a bloated French drama that stretches for two hours and thirty-two minutes without any visible point or goal. <br /> <br /> There are two stories in the film that initially seem unrelated, but which eventually eventually merge with each other in the middle of the movie. The first centers around Nora and her struggles with various men in her life, including her older father, who discovered that she has only a few days to live. The second story is about a young man named Ismael, a violinist who found - wrongly - believes - in a psychiatric facility through the machinations of an unknown third person. After a long journey on separate paths, these two narrative threads finally come together when we find out that Ismael is Nora's ex-lover and the man she decided to adopt her son from an earlier, tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more focus and a significant amount of improvements, "Kings and Queens" could be a strong, engaging drama about contemporary relationships. It certainly has moments of incredible insight and emotional strength, and the performances are mostly complex and moving. But, as a whole, the film snakes and boils to the point that, frankly speaking, it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and early to bear its welcome. Even more disturbing is the fact that even if we spend what seems to be a gentle eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know what to do with them when the concert ends. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes an overwhelming diatribe against the figure of his daughter, who simply does not joke with the woman we have been looking at for over two hours. Nora is not Mother Teresa (then again, who is she?), But she certainly does not deserve an invective cast on her by her own father. Nora can be accused of being confused, hesitant, a little preoccupied sometimes, but bad enough that her father would like to give her cancer and force her to die in his place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie just works at a depth level that I could not understand. But I suspect that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-screenwriter / director Arnaud Desplechin would have problems with a full explanation of their purpose. It is a well-preserved, pretentious current of the film that takes the viewer on a long, wandering journey across the sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that leaves him neither wiser nor more enlightened at the end than at the beginning.
