"Rois et Reine" is a vast mess in the movie, which probably annoys so many viewers, how impressed. She focuses on ex-lovers of Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), because each of them has to deal with a serious crisis in his separate life. Although the story of Nora is played straight and is grim in tone, Ismael's plays mainly with laughter, although it is not particularly fun. Nora's crisis is caused by the deadly illness of her father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ismael through his sudden imprisonment in a psychiatric hospital at the urging of a mysterious third person. Ismael and Louis are just two men who have shaped Nora's life, and they, in turn, have been shaped by her, the most famous are her late first lover Pierre and their young son Elias. When events from the past and the present play out for the audience, and the former lovers are again involved in their lives, it gradually turns out that Nora's personal view of her life story may be less credible than at first glance. > <br /> The cult director Arnaud Desplechin created a great singularity here, which gained great recognition in France. He deliberately avoids the established narrative convention and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If such an approach were based on a coherent, unifying idea or topic, it could succeed, but ultimately it is not clear what the Desplechin film actually is about. Severe allusions to Greek mythology and Freud's theory are evidently saturated with meaning, but at least for this uneducated film viewer they remain less than helpful in explaining and interpreting the lives of the characters. Another time, the treatment turns into kitsch, but the use of an "Moon River" anodyne, because the theme's melody suggests that it is intentional. <br /> <br /> ** Alert spoiler ** I suspect that the main theme of the film is not a very original observation that how we perceive ourselves can be radically different from how others see us, and even from how we think that others see us. This idea is apparently represented in the film by Pierre's brutal death and the revelation contained in the secret journal of Louis, but unfortunately both events seem to be completely disconnected from what otherwise was revealed to the public related to the respective relationship between Pierre and Louis and Nora . It seems that this is a fraud on the part of Desplechin, as if he stuck an idea in our unintended form instead of illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative. One or two darkly surrealistic accents suggest the presence of an alternative, but largely unaware, world of dismantling horribly naked, but again they are felt more like a pretentious intrusion of film technique than eruptions from a deeper reservoir of truth contained in history. In fact, despite all the heavy hints about depth, the characters are curiously undeveloped and unintelligible, as if they function more as codes for many of their creators' ideas on people, not on real people. Most details of their lives seem to be arbitrarily applied, not organic. For example, Ismael, as we are always reminded, is an altowiolistą, but it took more than two hours before we actually see or hear his game, and the impact of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality is never developed. Hence, he may well be a marine biologist or a trapezoid artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain maniacal charm to the unbalanced, but ultimately healthy Ismael, but I decided that Devos is bland and monotonous (which may be intentional) as an elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as mentally wounded, but the rebellious Sinologist, with whom he befriends the hospital, exerts the greatest influence on supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve also comes in, though her role is not much more than a self-styled cameo. <br /> <br /> Finally, "Rois et Reine" is a very acquired taste. If he can not press the buttons, it's very likely that Desplechin's undisciplined and floristic approach will be frustrating and irritating, even if you will somehow observe him.
