This is another feature "people versus insects / eco-horror"; a topic that was popular in the late 1970s. Only you can not call it a horror movie. There is no tension and no macabre events. In other words: this movie is pretty bad. It's not like it's really bad or something; it is just very boring. The construction site near the hotel reveals a large ant nest. Later, we learn that probably because of the different types of pesticides used in the past, their bite has become poisonous. Some people get bitten and taken to hospital, and hospital residents need ages to find out what's going on. Robert Foxworth discovers it at first, and then you see how he gets crazy with a digging machine in a few hours. Then they run away at home, waiting to be saved. And, man, you should see all the efforts they make to save them. I will not spoil too much, but at some point they even use a large helicopter. All the while I watched it, I sat there thinking, "Come on, folks, you all have shoes. Just run out of the building. I am sure that the group of ants will not catch up with you. " It's all quite funny. <br /> <br /> Of course, many close-ups of crawling ants are shown throughout the movie. Ants in the garden. Ants in garbage. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And best of all: ants crawling on the faces of people while the actors breathe through the straws. But when you see groups of ants in broader horizons, they actually look like black rice, which the set designers glue to the wall. <br /> <br /> One small surprise came at the end. No, it has nothing to do with the return of the action. Simply Brian Dennehy appeared as the main fireman. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This movie is called IT HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR, but the box-art of my copy was read by ANTS, and the title during the initial subtitles was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. You got it. Now, because it is a TV movie from the 70's, once again I will be very gentle in my final evaluation. Now, the movie "SAVAGE BEES", another TV movie "people versus insects" from 1976, was much better than this one. I even feel that I have to go back and add some points to my assessment after seeing the ANTS. Lack of tension, action, emotions, shaking and creeping causes that the only thing you will stay with after watching the ANTS is an annoying pruritus.
