The only thing I liked about this film was that there was enough to keep me in my place until the end ... I still thought maybe in NEXT stage things would gore ... /> <br / > Those who like Gus Van Sant's films - especially his later ones - will probably like it. Personally, I think that van Sant films are boring, pretentious and easy. Well, he was the executive producer of the movie, so it's no surprise that the movie could be almost created by him - although I personally really liked it better than the recent efforts of van Sant (eg Elephant). <br /> <br /> Unlike many here, I did not think that the film is difficult to understand or chaotic, I thought that first of all it is a movie that wants to depict a certain mood - the mood of a teenager walking slowly into the adult world - but so slowly that changes are barely visible, if at all. But I feel that the problem with the film is that the "mood" is not enough ... and not only, but the mood painted here is, in my opinion, incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposedly happening. The quality of sleep, so closely related to nature, is beautifully captured here, but it is a mood that should be much more to a younger child who really is still completely entangled in the observation of nature (waves on the beach), grass and flowers, spiders, etc.) . The rhythm of the film reminds me of my years when I was about eight or nine years old. The film is LANGUOR, which is in opposition to what SHOULD be a very tense time in a teenager's life. When you are pissed off at someone - or you are the object of harassment at school - you are something BUT lazy! There are only two moments in the film that really came in handy ... SPOILERS HERE - first, when Logan drops food and his mother throws some fit. The frustration of an adult who is dealing with a clumsy child - especially without the presence of his father - seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second and ONLY part of the movie with any kind of tension were scenes in which "Leah" (Logan's rebirth alone) calls Rodeo and tries to seduce him to sex on the phone. The first reason I liked it is the fact that the person who made the Leah reading was the most convincing actor in the whole movie. (It reminded me of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... even Claire sounded.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that they seemed to be completely reliable between children, I especially liked the fact that Rodeo just pretended to play together ... it was probably the best moment in the movie - finally! - we have some development of the character. <br /> <br /> Generally I'm going to have to see what he's going to do in his next movie before we can really say a lot about the director's possible talents. In the meantime, if he can escape the Van San influence t, he can do him a world of good. Who is this director - one of van Santa's boy toys?
