Just a terrible slasher, formed of the type I KNOW WHAT YOU DIM LAST SUMMER, has beautiful wealthy students spending their spring break in an apartment in Florida, murdered one by one. Incorrectness in each category that can be imagined from a properly constructed voltage to the death sequence being executed. Nothing is treated properly, and the characters leave little more than the caricatures you rape to see decimated as soon as possible. Del Tenney (The curse of a living corpse, I eat your skin), all people, executive producer, co-author and celebrity as a priest in a key role, whose relationship with the killer probably means something, why is psychotic. The killer's revelation is uncomfortable and ineffective, probably not surprising the soul that is watching it. There are many attempts to fear the jump, with one figure appearing to scare his friend who could not even produce a few cheap emotions because they are so calculated in such a summer way. Most attacks take place off-screen, with bleeding throat cuts (or pools) that are the only true manifestation of violence. The prolonged finale, in which the killer does not stop playing with an actor desperately trying to make his villain as diabolical and mad as possible, is embarrassing and tense. There is not a single positive that could be derived from this stereotypical and boring exercise, and a nice cast does not make an effort to exceed its one-dimensional roles. And for God's sake, they could at least let us see how Joey Lawrence is deprived of her head or something that will endure the misery of sitting through this pile of rubbish for 90 painful minutes. <br /> <br /> Dorie Barton, as a heroine, the last girl, Beth Morgan, who seems to be obsessed with the killer, can not be more vain and uninteresting (oh, she was in rehab and takes pills for nightmares; such an intriguing exhibition). Chad Allen, cast against the type as a very intimidating "friend" of the group (who disappears for the first time from the movie, assuming he is the first victim), has a difficult way to climb with his role, so the steep finally stumbles, rolling into uncontrolled way, without end. Jeff Conaway, demanding some cash, has a beleaguered role as an FBI agent whose murder motivates him to seek the killer, leading him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role in dollars as a wise Florida police chief who often carries a nose with Conaway's agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the title question ... really not. Because after getting the answer you'll wonder why you care about it anyway.
