The movie began when Wheeler crept into his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a person too talented for this movie) did not like Wheeler - a sentiment with which I can easily relate. Auntie decided to take this bland woman abroad to take her from Wheeler. They left, and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom, because they promised to make him their king. Around the same time, Woolsey found himself in the same small mythical kingdom and became king. So when Wheeler arrived, the boys had to deal with it, but they refused because they were friends - which disappointed people a lot, because killing and replacing kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I am a big fan of the comedy from the Golden Age of Hollywood - a quiet era in the 1940s. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands, of these films, and despite my love and appreciation for these films, I have never been able to understand the attractiveness of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only comedy band that can be as bad as the Ritz Brothers! Although he was successful in his short career in Hollywood (shortly due to the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that virtually every other successful team did the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were many elements of this movie reminiscent of the film by Brother Marx, DUCK SOUP, but CRACKED NUTS never made me laugh, and DUCK SOUP was stupid and very pleasant. Sometimes Woolsey talked a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never have a punchline that's even remotely funny! In fact, he just seemed meaningless. His only funny feature was that he looked silly - certainly not a good reason to put him on film. Additionally, Wheeler had the comedic charm of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very poorly! The failed routine was the old routine Vaudeville, popularized later by Abbott and Costello as "who's first", which was made in this film, but lacked the spark of wit or time. In fact, shortly after the start of the game, they finished the routine - so early that you are frustrated. I knew that "who is first" existed for many years and was used by many bands, but I really wanted to see how Wheeler and Woolsey throw him a fair shot and give him his own turn. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-par movie of this duo. Although I have to admit that I liked a few of their films (such as SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I gave them 6 on IMDb), this was a great endurance test - something that I think is all too often when I watch Wheeler movies and Woolsey. Where was the whole humor ?!
