Final result: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After watching "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back" I had to be on the big kick of Eliza Dushku, when I was renting this movie. "Soul Survivors" is a junk "psychological thriller" disguised as a kitschy teenager - even to the extent that the masked killer haunts the cast of young, stubborn people such as Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and nice star Melissa Sagemiller. There is also Luke Wilson, absurdly ridiculous as a priest. The film, the work of screenwriter / director Stephen Carpenter, seems to be a mutated descendant of "Open Your Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and films in which the character (and the audience) gets caught in the world of dillusion caused by accident / death. The film still arouses embarrassing images and leaves us in a state of confusion over the entire duration until this alternative reality is finally resolved. I do not think these films are so funny - by their very nature - but "SS" is a cheap cinema in every way. Visualizations, script, acting and an attempt of any originality are all abandoned reflections for such films. Plus, it's PG-13, so it does not even provide gore or T & A to keep it as a pleasure (even the unrated version is tame). I heard that the film contained a "hot" shower scene between Dushku and Sagemiller. When the movie broke up in front of me, and all other entertainment seemed lost, I waited patiently for the stage with the shower - at least I pulled something out of it. Then comes: two girls paint their shirts, jump in the shower in full clothing and scrub them. this is it! People thought it was hot? "Soul Survivors" is one of those boring movies that are so weak and inept that it is difficult to have ANY feelings at all. He gives nothing and is not worth writing about. In the end, it leaves us empty. Carpenter's finale is a mess of flashing light and a booming sound, and that's probably the most animated part. Without a doubt, it will be a round as a nighttime episode in the US or Sci-Fi Channel, due to the low price and PG-13 rating - and this is probably the best for that.
