The world is facing an imminent destruction, and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to prevent a catastrophe by firing a bomb into its fiery heart: yes, it's Solar Crisis, aka Crisis 2050, which burned a huge part of the change that was never visible on the screen In 1990 he returned just enough to buy Happy Meal for each of the casts in Japan before he immediately went to the video (remember them?) In the re-edited version attributed to Alan Smithee. Action hook is almost the same as Sunshine - suicide mission to the Sun, saboteur on board, logic drift - except that this time they do not try to revive the sun, but prematurely detonate the solar flare before it reaches Earth. With a talking bomb. Expressed by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so that the crew will take him more seriously? Given that the cast also includes Jack Palance on his most numbered OTT, Charlton Heston on his most stiff, top leader Tim Matheson in his most anonymous, original unforgettable Michael Berryman from Hills Have Eyes (you may not remember the name, but you REMEMBER this face) and Peter Boyle as an industrialist who is supposed to sabotage the mission, because if he succeeds, the world will be saved, but his stock price will fall, one would expect, if not laugh-minute, at least the laughter of each roll. No pleasure. This is the worst kind of bad movie: boring. The fate of the world may hang in balance, but the whole film is filmed with a total lack of urgency and momentum in the same unchanging, deadly slow pace. There is a low key and goes through it, but here the cast does not even do it. Instead, most of the time, they stand motionless looking at the screens in the dark. You still hope that Paul Williams's talking bomb will survive the existential crisis, but instead the movie simply ... stands, doing almost nothing. Literally. Is this one of the most indifferent movies in history? so indifferent that if Clive Owen was planted, he would look animated in comparison. Even a misunderstood attempt to repair suicide does not arouse interest, because it mainly concerns, yes, the cast is just looking at the screens in the dark. Even when the bomb prematurely goes into the countdown, before it is fired, it is dealing with a new crisis? standing motionless looking at the screens in the dark, as if they had all the time in the world. Merchant-Ivory movies have better action scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not animated on Earth, where the movie spends most of the time with Matheson's son / grandson Chuck Corinem Nemec, who tries to drive to the space port in a barren landscape with the crazy desert artist Palance "looking for that note there Where are the chicks still kicking me "while being put away by Mad Max's madness and bad corporate suits that hunt him down so that they can? free him on a nice beach. Just do not expect logic if you have not guessed it yet. The best moment? Nice girl at the bar describing Jack Palance as "An old guy with white hair and a face resembling rotting skin", although Chucky Baby takes out a plane from a villain with a bazooka fired from the office window or beating a fly that likes his beret to be welcomed with bites a film camp that offers 99% of its time to a whole bunch of nuts. The somewhat longer original version of Richard C. Sarafian, who played in Japan, offers an additional six minutes, but cries for a reduction of 17 minutes: the director Vanishing Point had to thank his lucky stars when the re-edition gave him an excuse to take his name from the film. A film so bad that it is not good and does not like it painfully
