I did not think it was as horrible as some people apparently do. He's going through one of those bad horror movies that you can spend time in the middle of the night when you can not sleep, although there's no better quality. It's true that acting is not great - I thought that Marianne McAndrew, for example Cathy Beck, was completely impassive - but the main problem is that several aspects of the story did not make sense to me. Becks are on a journey described by John (Stewart Moss) as part of the work and partly honeymoon, which they never had (now is romantic!) The working part has something to do with visiting the caves, which in itself sounds strange (like being part of a cruise group through the cave refer to someone's work?), but it becomes weirder when we find out that he is a doctor who conducts research in the field of prophylactic medicine (what? This combination completely lost me). Bitten by a bat cave, it begins to transform into something that was supposed to be a hybrid of a bat-man (although when we finally see it in makeup, it looks more like a monkey-man) and killing begins. Here's another problem. The first murder is a nurse in a hospital. Initially, everyone thinks that her death was an accident. The second murder concerns a young girl who is described as being pulled out of her throat. Sheriff (Michael Pataki) tells us that her death was similar to the death of a nurse (which means a throat pulled out?) - How could anyone think that it was an accident?) And what about the sheriff? It seems to be nonsense up to the stage in Cathy's hotel room when he takes a sip of alcohol, then almost rape it, then everything seems to be back to normal. It is fraught with the ending, which left almost everything unsolved, as well as one of the most annoying thematic works I have ever heard in the film. In spite of everything, there was something that made me watch. Sometimes pure shame can beat you for an hour and a half. Bad, yes - but not as horrible as some say.
