"The Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. Every now and then the film suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new films from Paris Hilton at the forefront, or documentary films about stars American Idol, but always reliably returns earlier or later. And why? Because, unlike most of the nonsense on this list, "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie and deserves to be there, regardless of the influence of the media and internet buzz! It's almost not the worst movie ever made, because the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and ingenuity, but it's still hard to sit down completely unrecognizable. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary filling material and giant breaks in continuity, and yet the main characters still remain completely strangers throughout the film. In addition to a meaningful scenario, the film also lacks spectacular sequences of killing and makeup effects? though thanks to the courtesy of young Stan Winston ?? they are absurdly inept and remain largely invisible to the end of the film. The title of the film is inaccurate because "people" refer to the plural number, whereas the story actually only applies to one bat person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this movie, and also has a real Bat-cave and Bat-mobile (stolen ambulance)! The plot depicts a young couple while exploring the caves during the honeymoon. They leave the group with a guide and are bitten by a bat, trying to protect their wife from the mistaken attack of the animal. Fearing that he may be infected with rabies, he undergoes an intense treatment at the local hospital, but this still does not prevent him from slowly transforming himself into the bloodthirsty creature of the bat. He kills random people at night and plays with a suspicious police sergeant while his loving wife is still convinced that the awkward behavior is only caused by allergic reactions to rabies. Of course, honey! The script never explains why the bat attacked people and why Jan always changes into a normal man at the beginning of a new day, instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bat-guano. Basically, "The Bat People" is a variation on the old, good motif of a werewolf, but of course it is not very interesting. The concept showed great potential, but somehow the support threads focus on the drunken drunkards and perverted sheriffs instead of the monstrous monsters. Some outdoor settings and locations look impressive, the wrong song while playing is strangely catchy, during the climax (in the end!) It's a bit of a head, and the main actress Marianne McAndrew is delighted (though not listening to). This really bad and boring, current position of the film at the bottom of the 100 is spot number 80 and I personally hope to stay somewhere in this region. The list simply would not be felt and traditional without "The Bat People".
