Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at the ball of Hamilton High School in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) reveals her date with Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill learns and is devastated, while Mary Lou is proclaimed the queen of the 1957 ball and enters the stage to accept the prize. Bill, he still hurts, decides to play a practical joke on Mary Lou, so he throws a firecracker on the stage, but the fuse still fires her, setting her up and burning Mary Lou, in a few seconds Mary Lou is a toast. 30 years later and Hamilton High is about to hold the annual ball night soon. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now a director and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis), who meets Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both plan a joint venture. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, this horrible night, 30 years ago, still haunts Bill and Bud. One day, Vicki looks around the school's basement, revealing a large trunk that opens, which turns out to be a bad move, because the vengeful spirit of Mary Lou is released and wants to win the crown as the ball queen and free time devoted to avenging her untimely death. First, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death comes down to suicide, Mary Lou begins to have Vicki's body when the night of the ball approaches. After getting rid of the competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who is trying to repair the ball, he wins. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned Queen Hamilton High, which allows Mary Lou back from the dead to get an unexpected look and really revive the party ... <br /> <br /> Unrelated to the original Prom Night (1980) in directed by Bruce Pittman I thought that Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not a particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's screenplay focuses more on supernatural elements than on cheap teen topics, regardless of whether it was a good or bad decision, it depends on your expectations. Personally, I've found that these different elements do not really connect or work so well together. The whole movie was very slow to be really nice, after the opening sequence in which Mary Lou dies, no one else is killed up to a half hour sign, and then the movie spins over the next half hour until Vicki finally gets possessed and the movie finally is gaining momentum at the climax of the moment when the evil Mary Lou kills one person at the ball before it is allegedly defeated, come fans of the horrors you expected cliche to be "deadly and ready to complete the sequel"? Do not expect a high number of bodies, only five in the whole film and no particularly graphic, although I liked the way Monica (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a shower cabinet that Mary Lou crushed and caused poor Monica's blood is leaking. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II introduces Vicki, who has many hallucinations for the first hour, and Mary Lou controls the objects in the later stages, including some terrifying shots of a rocking horse that comes to life, the scene on the board is quite good and turns into water, and the hands of zombies drag Vicki into him. The more modest Hello Mary Lou website: Prom Night II is not outstanding, I liked Mary Lou herself, who releases the mandatory one-liners and did for a good villain, even if she did not kill enough people. Oh, and yes, I began to pay homage to various other horror directors, because almost all the characters shared one name, which of course adds nothing to the movie, but I suppose it is a nice little touch. Acting is okay, but the normally reliable Micheal Ironside looks lost and uninterested almost as if she asks herself what she's doing and whether she'll ever get back to work. Forget about any blood, someone is hanged, there is a crucifix stabbed, someone is pierced with a neon light, the computer goes crazy and electrocutes someone's faces (!?), And Mary Lou bursts out of Vicki's body first as a rotting zombie who it was quite a nice scene. In the shower for girls there are also full pictures of nudity. To honor Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is fine to watch, has a reasonable production value and is generally well made. Overall, I was disappointed with Hello Hello Lou: Prom Night II, it was just too slow and without success to keep my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure if he deserves 3 or 4 stars, I'll give him 4, because there is nothing really wrong with it. I suppose I was sitting in much worse movies, but I did not really do anything. I am scared.
