A really concerned, cannibalist psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, persecutes campers who make an unfortunate mistake with a backpack in their desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his buddy Charlie (John Batis) get into a playful quarrel with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, the late wife of Gary Kent)) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) for survival in the woods at the campsite by themselves . To prove this, the girls decide to go to the desert from Los Angeles for a camping trip that hinders their partners to the point of coming soon. Falling on John's victim, Teddi is soon killed when Sharon escapes when men arrive late into the desert due to the overheating of their truck. Afraid, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives a very special help ... Children of John's ghosts! That's right, Jan's children remain in the desert, ghostly apparitions that spy on those who exist in the forest, Sharon especially took a liking to helping her lead her to safety and friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter from the fall and darkness of the night in the cave where John lives. Cooking on a blazing fire, cooking meat actually comes from Charlie's wife, Teddie! Unconsciously, Charlie eats meat when John offers him, who finds strangers in his apartment! In any case, Steve and Charlie, worried about their wives, decided to find them as a morning break. Meanwhile, John is on the hunt, and Charlie, Steve and Sharon are fighting for survival. When Steve suffers a complex fracture stumbling between two massive rocks above the flowing river, he will be handicapped only by increasing the nightmare scenario, while Sharon will follow his ghastly young friends in potential safety. Even at some point, they beg for their father not to kill her. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (... who also wrote the movie and broke the financing of the movie) wisely shoots the movie in such a breathtaking, magnificent location in Sequoia National Park, California, where these giant trees are erected to great heights, and in principle I watch broken trees for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not particularly consider Jones to be very atmospheric. There was a lack of fear, although John has quite disturbing attacks with the knife (... cleverly shot, Jones's camera suggests more than what is actually on screen, and yet he still achieves that breath in what John does to the victims). In such a picturesque landscape, to see the innocent that a maniac feeds on, this kind of terror increases. City dwellers trying to spend a nice few days in a different place to feel the clean, fresh air, admire the views of a beautiful view, to find themselves persecuted by a terrifying predator with a very intimidating knife. Delivering the story of why John is the monster he is, Jones lets us observe his memories of memories in discovering the adultery of his wife and respond appropriately (he is also a ghost in the desert looking for his children, wanting to punish them for "being rude") killing her, as well as lovers in bed (refrigerator servicer). Children, sad and depressed, committed suicide, and now "haunt" the desert, still interacting with each other or at any of them choose. I am aware of such a new thing as ghost children in backwoods are unique and appreciated by some, but I found this idea rather stupid and too stupid to take it seriously. They help our hero to escape some potentially dangerous situations, but it was terribly difficult to refrain from uncontrolled giggling. The music I found hideously in the 80's and performances is not stunning. My point is that I could react to the situation in which they found themselves, because it is really frightening to be on an unknown and hostile territory pursued by someone who knows this area so well. I think the film is similar in many respects to NOT IN WOOD ... ALON! Gary Kent looks like dirty George Lucas, with torn clothes and humanity losing. As I mentioned above, violence is not as frightening as it suggests, because director Jones is able to effectively cut himself off with a great knife penetration, but the way he sets up the fragments leaves you rather restless (... like Teddi's Murder, violence usually visible on the surface of a nearby giant stone formation, her request to stop John, and after stabbing a few times she tries to get away from the predator only to finish him off. I have seen this type of slasher better and worse, it is rather mediocre, at best Eventually, I do not think it will be particularly unforgettable, except for the ghost children.
