I mean all the vague, overlooked, low-budget horrors that are waiting to be rediscovered in the DVD release, why choose LAS? I love very low budget directly to home video or other alternative publishing horror. I love the horror of the 80's hacker. I love troublemakers from fools whose fools roam the night to be hunted down, murdered and eaten by psychopaths. I am for the idea that non-professionals work on the horror as a way to break into the industry or just make a movie because they want to create it. I am for using public places found, non-actors, no talent for names behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most suggestive picture from LASU is the picture opening a couple walking in the woods through the forest: we see them as tiny, sensitive creatures entering a damp, grim world where people can not be on the top of the food chain or the most frightening predator. Then the film performs diving and never recovers - we meet with a backpack for a short time when they realize that they are being followed. They are separated, they are slaughtered, and then we meet the heroes of the film as they drive a car in traffic. They meet their counterparts and decide to go camping. The sounds of snoring fill the room like people who came to watch violin films with mobile phones that people do not talk about, how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring, and this movie is too talkative. What would not be so bad if the writers gave people something to say except the stupidest, ridiculous and unnecessary things. You know that your horror is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is a park guard who warns everyone against the Cannibal Forests. And speaking of these "forests", they look as far away from civilization as the overgrown empty space behind football fields, only with larger rocks and the stream flowing through them. There are impressive shots of the primeval forest, but there is no real sense of being inside. If any of the heroes just sat on the trail and waited long enough, someone would be strayed. <br /> <br /> What's worse in the film, it does not generate any human interest: I do not know who these couples are and do not care what happens to them. A guy from a hermit of cannibals is uninteresting even when he pretends to see freshly cooked meat from the leg of one of his victims, to serve the macabre bite of his boyfriend who is just looking for shelter in his cave. Irony, which is the epitome of "disappointment". In conjunction with a deliberately ominous music synthesizer, cinematography that looks suspicious, like someone attached the camera to a dog and tracks people's movements, lack of significant blood, nudity, thrills and unhealthy atmosphere, and what we have here, the horror is not even like that terrifying as an educational PBS television program about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not intend to give this film to people because they apparently took part in the project with nothing to say, I did not push myself to be creative and ended up in another boring movie about some magicians hunting women through the woods with a knife . There is nothing wrong with this concept, which is wrong, it is an unimaginable and completely pedestrian way it has been accomplished, to a completely pointless conclusion, when the movie simply falls for about an 80 minute sign. The best thing you can say about LASA is that it is relatively fast and there is not much to say for displaying again - Hence my confusion, why anyone would like to feel the need to release a DVD. It was weird because a DVD with a DVD costs $ 5.99 a month from hitting the shelves. The film is little or not urgent, unless you are considering creating your own hacker hacker with a very low budget set in a public park where no one can charge for filming. Here's a step guide to avoid. <br /> <br /> After all that was said and done, the movie had one interesting sequence, or rather one sequence that was so pathetic and ineptly thought-out that it becomes a mystery in another, cut out and dried film: The madman returns home to find a wife in bed with a local contractor. He sends his beloved, defends himself with a kitchen knife, which looks as if it was made in a horror movie and protrudes behind an intruder. The guy turns and attacks his quarry, who escapes and escapes, only to make the psycho materialize in his footsteps with the help of bigger, bad weapons. Psycho attacks again and the guy runs away. Psycho materializes AGAIN and once again the guy runs away. Then again! Finally, during the fifth attempt, the psycho stumbles with a guy to drop on some blade. How has he materialized with more heavier weapons? Is there any supernatural element of this psycho? Because the film does not explain in any way, the stage is just a puzzle exposed to building tension. His goal remains unclear. The whole film is really, existing without the need to create and performed in such an unbridled, uninteresting way that it is impossible not to wonder what the sense of it was. <br /> <br /> 3/10 and enough evidence that you can release a DVD, which does not mean you have to.
