The title of this obscure and (almost rightly) forgotten slasher from the 80's inevitably reminds me of a mega-smash hit from the same title, hence a fragment of the text in the title of this user's commentary. Anyway, I had nothing else to say. But hey, "The Forest" is not completely hopeless, or even * so * bad. If nothing else, at least he adheres to the unwritten first principle of the 80's slasher: kill someone in the first 10 minutes of the game. You've probably heard about the basic premise of this movie several times, but do not let it discourage you from watching because "The Forest" has a few things to offer than just an attractive ominous image of the cover. This is actually a bit unusual slasher from the 80's! The main characters are not ordinary mindless teenagers, and the script has solid ambitions for supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, let alone credibility, but it is interesting enough to attract attention, and there are even some surprisingly strong moments of tension and twists to enjoy. Two couples decide to camp in the most isolated forests of California, but because of the stupid wifes of the wife, they travel separately from their husbands. Hardly set for the night, they receive extraordinary visits of a mother looking for two children, children themselves and finally a father who hunts the human body. A family with dementia can be real or imaginary, but women are definitely in danger and have disappeared by the time their husbands arrive. Men also meet with family and learn more about a slightly dysfunctional background. "The Forest" is at least a strange movie. This is not a masterpiece of plotting, but the totally strange atmosphere will surely appeal to fans of the open 80's. The murders are quite macabre and filmed, including a cut throat and a painful massacre of the saw, and the filming spots are stunningly beautiful. The more you think about history and its sudden twists, the less it makes sense, so my advice will just be to enjoy this strange experience of watching as long as it lasts, not a minute longer. Actors' performances are a bit above average, the music is okay, or at least the director Donald Jones (responsible also for the sickie in 1970s "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to be a bit more creative than most horrors from the 80s. It is a pity that it eventually fails.
