A painfully bad Christmas movie that has the equally bad performance of Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual boyfriend, but this time for a movie for children, but without the wit and charm that is in his films with R. Vaughn's assessment, it seems that he plays autopilot for most of the movie, and his vague behavior still hits the walls. After 30 minutes in the movie, you would be in touch with your inner plague and said "Bahumbag" about how indecent this movie is and after another 30 minutes you will want to get out of how unbearable the movie is at this moment. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring some life to perspective thin paper roles, and this is masculine, because both are too good for actors to be in this film. Paul Giamatti brings some depth and warmth to Saint Nick himself, but he is forced to preserve youthful Vaughn when they do their sad sibling fights. You can see on the face of Giamatti that he does not play well with his role and painfully shows it in some parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of play and spirit to her role, but there are not really many characters with whom she could work and you can see on her face that she is aware of it, so much so that she seems irritated in some parts of cinematography. Fortunately for her, she is not in the film and is able to save her face, unlike Giamatti, who seems to be about to release his agent at the end of the film. The direction also seems uninspiring, as if there was no feeling or flow, and this is to be a holiday movie, but it ends up feeling like you are staring at the demolished widow display that is being pulled down. > <br /> I do not know what went wrong here, but with only two actors (Giamatti and Weisz), trying to at least bring something to the table with a simple script that they had to work with, a bad direction without feeling, that the subject is at hand (and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who just does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very uneven bad movie that is very painful to watch.
