Non-original, too predictable and only slightly entertaining low-budget re-siting of the sci-fi formula, which we have all seen hundreds of times - a group of scientists in isolation, confronted with something unknown and in all places (surprise, surprise) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> The movie features James Spader and almost unnamed support (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who is actually not so bad for a non-actor) - who deliver noisy performances that do little to revive the unimaginable dialogue of the script . What's worse, the pace of the movie is slow, there is almost no sub-story, and a few sequences of actions are stereotypical and not so exciting. No wonder this case went straight to DVD. I wonder why Spader - an excellent actor who sometimes won the Best Actor Award in Cannes for "Sex, Lies and Videotape" and did a great job in the innovative science-fiction movie "Stargate" - decided to register this vague project. Or maybe not if you look at his career because he seems to have invested his talents in more misses than hits. <br /> <br /> The most unusual thing about "Alien Hunter" is how they managed to piss off so many elements from so many great science-fiction movies, and yet the thing turns out to be so apathetic and invented. There are huge borrowed bits from "The Thing" (both Howard Hawks' original and remarkable remake of John Carpenter from 1982), "Contact" and "Outbreak"; some tips for 'Alien', CE3K ', `The Andromeda Strain',` Kubrick's` 2001 '(ie' alien black box ') and' Mission To Mars' (ie a mysterious message); and even a bit of "Sneakers" and "A Remarkable Mind" (although they are not science-fiction movies, they have a "cryptological" connection). Hell, there are even corn and Antarctica fields, just like the last "X Files". And the luminous translucent spacecraft at the end looks exactly like something that has been torn out of the "The Abyss" statement. <br /> <br /> Everything has been done before and done much better, although I'll admit that there were a few mild surprises at the end. I can say a little more about the story, but there is absolutely no need. You know more than half of this movie without ever seeing it. (5 of 10)
