Summary: Something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals is detected in the Antarctic ice. The mysterious block is dug up and transferred to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI employee, is brought in to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is his old girlfriend, and the situation quickly becomes awkward, especially since other researchers practically throw themselves at him. And the ice block with the thing inside melts unnaturally quickly. Soon the facility is open. The mystery continues, because the object produces a huge amount of electricity. It was decided to open the facility, but just before that Julian decoded the signal. "Do not open". But too late, and the object will explode when it is finally compromised and two things unleashed on the ground. The first is a stranger who was dormant in the facility, and the second is a virus that immediately kills research personnel. And Washington, which is suspiciously updated about this historic event, decides that these things can not be released to the ground. So the Russian nuclear submarine, carrying nuclear weapons, is being sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The film has several surprises. One of them is Carl Lewis, who surprisingly puts on a good performance, and the other are special effects that are beautiful, well-worked and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has many surprises, and this time not in style. In fact, it is so full of holes in the stories that sometimes the movies seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes. It has never been explained why Washington knows so much, why Washington is able to command Russian submarines why the object is in Antarctica and has now awakened. It is really puzzling that a foreign ship is transmitting in understandable English. Some may want to explain this by saying that the alien was previously on Earth and knew the language (and of course chose English, why?). But it's very confusing why nice aliens, who apparently want to save Earth from the virus, send a coded "Do not open" message! And finally, the end is as open as the end can be. <br /> <br /> The movie is a bit funny, but too much energy (from me) must be redirected to fill the empty spaces on the story. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
