OK, here it is: "The Nazi highlander befriends the Dalai Lama." What we do, first we get a big star who has no idea how to perform the Germanic accent, and let him wander between the French, the Germans, the Americans and the British for over 2 hours. Then we come up with a series of incredibly unlikely events and set them up very widely, so that the plot is almost imperceptible. But to make sure that the viewer does not fall asleep, we throw in details that are shockingly absurd, such as our hero smoking a cigarette at 22,000 feet. Of course, we must also remember that our target group does not want to read too many subtitles, so we have every character, even the smallest peasant in the forbidden closed city of Lhasa in 1943, They speak perfect English, also with dubious accents. Of course, the most difficult is how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so what we do is: we have a Dalai Lama befriending the Reformed Nazi because the latter is so good at manipulating movie projectors, radios, vintage cars and any other devices representing the freedom of the capitalist West. In return, our hero learns from his young protégé a kind of vague, indefinite Buddhism that is never really taken away or taken seriously. We also have many scenes with the protagonist bearing all the marks of respect and protocol that the rest of the Tibetan society admits to the Dalai Lama, even when we pretend that the hero has a deep and deep respect for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we expect the audience to believe that this guy is now a Buddhist, in a sense, in his own way, even if we do not know what his transformation implies and how far we want it to go. And last but not least, we hang statistics at the end of the film about how frightening the Chinese people treated Tibetans (which is certainly true), thus opening up the allegations that we made a "political" film, although it is nothing like that. So, I'm my idea. Vat or zincjesz? Can I make a zis movie?
