Five Across the Eyes begins when five young teens return home for a police time, stop at the store and accidentally get to another car and decide to just leave and drive away. Shortly after another car forces them to stop, and a crazy woman with a gun pulls out and screams at them, makes them take off their clothes and pee on them, and then they leave at random. Shocked and shocked girls think their torment is over, but a crazy woman comes back for a few seconds, because it seems that she intends to kill the frightened girls who got lost and have little gas ... <br /> <br /> Manufactured and directed by Greg Swinson and Ryan Theissen with Swinson writing an article and Theissen responsible for cinematography and editing. I must say that Five Across the Eyes is certainly one of the worst movies I've ever seen, if not the worst, I mean, I'm fighting to think about a film that I saw worse. Let me begin by saying that I am sure that many decisions about the film have been made here to try atmosphere, tension, realism and tension, but there is not one aspect of Five Across the Eyes that I did not hate sincerely that it looks this is a bad home video that has been put on YouTube and even then it's still a bit embarrassing and to be honest, a waste of 90 odd minutes of my time that I could do something more fun and funny as I stretch my nails with tongs. Opinions on the internet seem quite positive, but on IMDb (the number of 1-star comments is revealed and not all can be wrong, right?) And this is a discussion forum, which in my opinion is more indicative of what the average person thinks is absolutely destroyed by almost everyone and the phrase "the worst film I've ever seen" is used several times and to be honest, most of these negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is terrible, all right. I suspect it's supposed to be minimal, but minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen and it is simply completely random. This has been going on for centuries, the amount of plot here will be difficult to fill thirty minutes on a television program let along along the full-length feature. Dialogue is awful with these annoying girls who do not seem to have a brain cell between themselves, taking something random and shouting a lot. Oh God, screams, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whimpering, which not only irritate and annoy, and make it impossible for reasonable viewers to feel any compassion for them, but also cause that what they are trying to say is almost impossible to hear. Then there's a real killer, the whole movie is set and shot as part of a mini van, seriously, the camera never leaves the car and, as you can imagine, it gets really boring, let's add that the low number of the body of only one person has died screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie that I hated with passion. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, I see that the style of making movies was a conscious choice here, but I have to be honest and say Five Across the Eyes is the worst movie I've ever seen. As a film fan I like to make my movies look like the right movies because it's a visual medium and I definitely do not want them to look worse than average YouTube videos or my home movies shot on the camera when I was drunk. It really looks so amateurish and so bad, it's a complete emotion and I hated every moment of every second. Just think that The Blair Witch Project (1999) only looks ten times worse and sounds and you'll be almost there. There are times during Five Across the Eyes, when you literally can not tell what's going on or is happening because of the camera and the almost black and grainy level of contrast. Violence is also tame with several blood stains and a knife stab at the end. <br /> <br /> A low budget does not even begin to describe Five Across the Eyes, with an estimated budget of about $ 4,000, it is easy to make one of the lowest budget videos ever released widely. The two vans in the film belonged to the members of the production and it is basically almost the entire budget, the place. The main cast is very bad, I just hate all the forgery for crying and shouting, which is not convincing, but very irritating. <br /> <br /> Five in the eyes will fall as one of the worst movies I've ever seen and seen a few movies, when someone now asks me what is the worst film I've ever seen Five Across the Eyes, it will definitely be mentioned. I hated this, every single aspect and its miserable moment.
