I'm stunned. Yes it's true. I'm really here. It was not terrible for me, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in macabre hysterical and dark inconsistencies. The idea of ​​such a finish, the minimum production of low-budget indie is not bad, but he is confused and ultimately did nothing for me. It is amateur and simple; I want to use beyond reasoning and do it in the style of late fashionable fast filming. We have a documented camera (manual) moving everywhere (even though it never leaves the van), and sometimes it feels out of focus and indistinct, which makes some details difficult to understand. Recently you get used to it, but there are situations in which it becomes too distracting and even nauseous. It will still help. The context has few bases (five teenage girls on their way home from a football game late at night and getting lost on the back roads.) In a roadside store they are involved in a minor accident that destroys a free SUV headlamp). Horrified people run away and not too long for one light SUV that will soon become an unforgettable experience in horror), spending most of their time playing the outlined, noisy and unyielding game of cat and mouse. <br /> <br /> What to disturb? It probably depends. Some moments may cause you to start twisting due to pain, desperation and mad brutality (with good use of penetrating sound effects that seem to be more privileged compared to images and not to mention alienating sound effects in the background), but also found myself in snickers. In fragments, it can be very repressive and intense with real gradual hurry, but not credible. Damage to random characters never seems as serious as you thought, even though they should be. Watch how blood flows freely, but it is not convincing and can be boring. The constant chase of the night car could do only that before it became repetitive. We scream, spit out, bleed, run, curse, body fluids and so on. Then, rather unpleasant details appeared. Not much to do required a much stronger script than a miserable forced scenario. Too many arose from this moment and there was not much depth for the characters and situations in which they found themselves. It was about fragments, waiting for another tiring meeting and pulled them out long enough. Helping, he had an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> Performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are like workers with their distraught figures and draw real chemistry to make up for the weaknesses of the script in their character. The reverse, intense work of Veronica Garcia, as a bizarre SUV driver, was something ?? yes something. The real motivation of her heroine to terrorize girls and her unstable state of mind are virtually non-existent. I think being psychotic was good enough. Probably the most annoying thing I came across in this function was that hideous soundtrack. Awful techno music, hard-rocked trash and a terrifying final result. He never felt exaggerated or disturbed, but he fired like a sore thumb. Co-chair Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to make the most of their small resources, but even with this nervous spirit, it ends up being something completely broken down. Maybe it was nice, but watching it did not take place.
