Watching PRAVDA ABOUT LOVE (is it a double enthusiasm for the star?) It's like connecting white noise or water sounds to help you sleep - you put it in a DVD slot, because there is nothing else on store shelves, and you're in need of distraction after an intense day. And it works to that end: being a British romantic comedy is a bit more. <br /> <br /> The story is quite simple about the wife of Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) married to her increasingly distant husband Sam (Jimi Mistry), who suspended his love life because of the burden of his hardworking legal practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) likes both Sam and Alice, but has long been attracting Alice, who goes beyond friendship. Alice pals with sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a supporter of free love, which encourages Alice to do matters. On Valentine's Day, after a drunken chat with his sister, Alice sends a card to Sam, who signed "Anonymous" to see if Sam would react, checking his loyalty. At the same time, Archie sends Alice a packet of radish seeds, on which he did not write suggestive love. Both regret it ex post facto. Sam actually spends time with lover Katya (Branka Katic) and actually cheats Alice. Alice organizes assignments with Sam via e-mail and phone calls and plans to meet Sam in disguise as "Anonymous" to check his loyalty. The entire cast of heroes is caught in a stupid charade, and the ending proves that true love must be based on truth - and how it results in different combinations, it is a surprise (kind of) fluffy writing. <br /> <br /> British comedies work because of the quality of writing and the strict quality of the game. Perhaps director John Hay decided to cast the British actress as Alice, instead of pasting a fake accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt, and the result could have been improved. But in the end, this story of Peter Bloore reflects in a gentle mood and pathetic message. One terrible distraction is a musical score that is so loud that it encompasses the entire dialogue and is intrusive. There are some nice scenes from London and a few moments of clever humor, but in the end this little movie is really best used as a background music / white noise. Grady Harp
