The story looks something like this: a little girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in a big city. When he arrives, he discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie ends with adventures in New York. The comedic and enchanting failures of the cycling communicator are fulfilled. He falls into a hole in the ground and meets the charismatic good guy Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for her, but destiny and Ben will not give up so easily. Being a "little" girl from a small town and a blonde, a few bad managers in a construction company decide that he is the perfect scapegoat for their clever plan. There are misunderstandings with funny and sad consequences. However, this is one blonde who does not want to put her down! <br /> <br /> People who judge this film will soon prove wrong. Jokes are sure and matched, and history is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben is so natural that they shame everything Godard created. Many times talented Jessica Simpson once again surprises with the strong role that she could achieve. Simpson really is Marilyn Monroe of our time (there is even one scene that will honor her!). Perfectly balances between sensitivity and whim. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if it was covered with manure, a man would be as attractive as anyone. His light touch, puppy eyes and a relaxed way make it difficult to resist. Andy Dick played the role that he was born as one of two devilish managers. You can not really underestimate him. The strength of the performance lies in its reticence. It's unusual because most of the actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughs. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has created an intelligent and often comic comedy that is to become a classic next to masterpieces of cinema such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Recognition for everyone involved in it, especially Jessica Simpson. Her honest smile and sincere laughter made even the toughest man explode with a big smile. You can be tough, but you're not that tough! I heartily recommend to all who want to get off their feet and see a romantic comedy that is sincere at least once. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and the rock soundtrack! <br /> <br /> If you still have not got it. I'm sarcastic. 1/10
