It is a common practice that the film about repression is somewhat subdued in style and tone. However, there is a difference between using restraint and encouraging narcolepsy among members of the audience. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists", starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, resulting in a film that never goes beyond the rumors of how teeth are a metaphor of married life . <br /> <br /> Scott gives a great performance in the role of David Hurst, a married dentist with another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly develops the dynamics of his relationship - he is completely absorbed in the daily duties of parenthood, is quietly disappointed by his crazy family life - and then increases tension when Scott can or can not be witness to his wife with another man. From that moment on, the film focuses on whether David intends to confront his wife Dana with her possible adultery, or to beat him with a blow and go away for good. From time to time, David is visited by an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (heavily borrowed from Tyler Durden Brad Pitt in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> Although there is enough uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability to justify the exam, the last two-thirds of the movie is embarrassingly empty, with no subject or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates a drama out of a nasty fever that travels slowly through the Hurst family, ending with a pointless hospital visit at the climax of the movie. The film never worries about what David really is capable of if he was not so devoted to his family; he does not spend much time analyzing Dana's uncertain behavior between family life and others, more fulfilling ambitions. <br /> <br /> By choosing the majority of the movie that worries about fever, Rudolph kills the size of his film. Before the fifth member of the family appears sweaty and sickly, the film has used all the good grace of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana finish over and over again, repeating their steps until the final finale. Nothing can be expanded in the last hour. The proposal seems awkward and corrected. "The Secret Lives of Dentists" has a common theme and does nothing to improve it. All in all a disappointing, unimaginable movie.
