Yes, I know - you tremble with excitement. Well, * The Secret Lives of Dentists * will not upset your expectations: it's solidly made, but essentially unimaginable, real but boring. It concerns the history of marriage, which happens to be dentists and who share the same practice (already a recipe for trouble: if not for our separate professional life, we would all throw our spouses out of pure irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and attitude do not resemble Everyman as much as Ned Flanders from * The Simpsons *, is a gentle, uber-father husband, and Hope Davis is a bored housewife who directs his frustration to an amateur opera. One night, when dad and daughters participate in one of Davis' performances, he discovers that his wife directs his frustrations to something more than just singing: he is a witness how his wife kisses and flirts with the opera director. (One nice touch: we never see the face of an opera director.) Fearing the possibility of initiating proceedings on divorce, divorce and interrogation on care - profitable only for lawyers - Scott decides to pretend that he does not know his wife's indiscretion. br /> <br /> Already those who can read, begin to yawn: ho-hum, another story about a pathetic, sniffing little cuckold. But Rudolph, who told the story from Jane Smiley's novel, hopes that well-arranged material will be compensated by a series of flashy, postmodern accents. For example, one of Scott's warrior patients (Denis Leary, held relatively - and blessed - in check) will later become a sort of construction of the dentist's imagination, appearing as a devil's advocate on the shoulder of old fashioned male virtues ("Dump b-h!" e.t.c.). When he is not prompted by his imaginary new buddy, Scott is otherwise tormented by fantasies that involve his wife engaged in three with two male dental assistants who work in their practice. It is not too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * * for real people (at least Grown-Ups). In this context, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognizable people compared to the Cruise and Kidman pair. What's more, the script for * Secret Lives * is clearly more appropriate than Kubrick. As a proof, I present the image of children of dentists, especially the youngest, who is about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main statement is "Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad !!! "This is a family life, all right, with all its charms. <br /> <br /> The film would make an interesting double bill with * Kramer vs. Kramer *. Feminization of an American man can be easily traced from 1979 to 2003. In this movie, Dad is a housewife as in * Kramer *, but in no way is he impressed by the role of the home, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too masculine to make toast. Here Scott gets all the responsibilities, such as erasing children, cooking, cleaning, taking children to any activity after lessons on the blackboard. And everything without a hitch. (And without directing commentary. This is simply obvious.) <br /> <br /> The film has advantages, mainly related to truthfulness. However, it is stretching from size through the emphasis on fashionable entertainment, which ends with a long scene in which a horrible five-day stomach flu makes rounds in the household. We must endure the nonsensical fantasy sequences initiated by the imaginary Leary leader. Whose life, by the way, finally resembles the character of Brad Pitt in * Fight Club *. And this finally drives the second big disadvantage of the film: lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it was too easy to refer to many other films. Of course, this movie is the improvement of most of them, but still. * It's worth seeing Secret Lives of Dentists *, but do not be too excited about it. (In any case, you were not so excited.)
