Apparently none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praise the film for accuracy, have not read the biography of Louis Pasteur. The most glaring inaccuracy concerns the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s, the latter was invariably shown in bad light. Though far from admirable, he was a clumsy politician and a self-proclaimed "military genius" who allowed France to be drawn into a catastrophic war, not a stupid reactionary presented here. He had a keen interest in science and, like many other people in the nineteenth century, he saw a bright future because of the improvements he would bring. After Pasteur's exile, he was his PATRON, building a laboratory and supplying him with all the resources while the lab was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. The bureaucrat, deciding that building a laboratory for someone who will soon die is a waste of money, he ordered to stop work at his own risk. Emperor heard about it, his indignation shook the bureaucracy, so that there was a sudden fall and immediately resumed work. The Emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would get his laboratory. The emperor often brought members of his court to admire Pasteur's designs, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was one of the favorite emperors. The main concern of the pastor about the emperor was that Napoleon considered Pasteur a wonderful worker who could do almost anything, and constantly attributed to him tasks beyond his previous experience. The pastor, a very modest man, always protested against this, but Napoleon would say that he had complete faith in him and Pasteur, despite his fears, always had close and friendly relations, and after the overthrow of the Emperor, Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful to the end life. <br /> <br /> Part of his daughter having a baby and Pasteur devoting her principles to getting a doctor, never happened. The part about anthrax and rabies, for which he was famous, is generally right, but the view that the experiment with anthrax raised him from ambiguity to fame, he is famous and respected at the time. This movie is fine from a dramatic point of view, but very distorted as a biography.
