What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner." I wanted to like this excessively ambitious anti-film agent and in fact I found some moments with powerful resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are few. Although I appreciate what Calson tried, any advantage aspiring to bare bones, no budget cinematography was destroyed thanks to a really horrible edition that did not benefit the film. <br /> <br /> While bad acting is low budget (and big budget) movie, Shiner has extremely bad performances that are almost painful to watch. In particular, the "simple" pair of Linda and Young Guy. These are the two least-written characters that have almost nothing to do with history. Acting is so hopeless and none of the actors seems capable of opting to smile or smash when they grimly drop their lines with a terrifying lack of skill. The frightening edition almost gives the impression that these roles were completely free and did not appear stereotypically as a bizarre gay movie. It would be better if it were. <br /> <br /> Because everything goes wrong, there are a few performances that seem to capture what Calson hoped to get. In particular, the story focuses on Bob and Tim. They are the two most richly drawn characters and offer the most prizes thanks to the truly captivating performances of Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with serious problems. Extremely low self-esteem runs through the almost cartoon arrogance he wears as armor. Obsessed with Tim, seemingly harmless, yet frightening Bob, haunts the boxer in the classic cat and mouse style. When the tables are reversed and the hunter becomes a hunter, the only true emotional catharsis of the film arises. In the film so artificially difficult (which is a compliment) one character MUST have this revealing break (or breakdown, as shown by the case), and the final confrontation of Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and King the opportunity to show real actors' chops. <br /> <br /> As Scott Stepp and Derris Nile play, Tony and Danny seem to be the subject of the movie and despite some daring moments of their own (including one really disturbing scene that reveals the sexual / violent obsession), but it seems that they can not escape the artificial cartoon and it is difficult to look at it - or beyond their seeming symphony of one note and find something other than obvious. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, the same raw material could (and should) be used to tell the story in a better way. Unfortunately, there is not much to recommend, the performances of the gentlemen King and Zelinas, really offer something special and have a look at what could have been and is worth seeing.
