Did it really happen? Are we, as agreeable adults, guilty of the next generation amateurs of cinematic lack of cinematographic understanding and celluloid capability? Regarding the latest Wayans and Co. supplement for a scenario of moving images; Little man. This British P.G. (Parental Guidance), anyone under the age of twelve, must be accompanied by a responsible, certified adult film, is the epitome of what has now developed into a worse case of deafness, because cigarettes have been "erased" from pictures of 1950s film icons. <br /> <br /> Mostly below the twelfth audience here, some without adult supervision sat there obediently, taking it all, unaware of their subject and the partly adolescent qualities that the Little Man presents at least partially. Films, in general, can do better than this bad attempt, while these nonsense introduce them when they are still young and fresh, the greatest fear of the future of Cinema is that ignorance of the child can simply go into adulthood bliss. Cinema deserves something more, as well as its growing importance, and in the literal sense of the audience, this glaring cash cow always feeds on the sensitive minds of the young. <br /> <br /> There is no experience in cinema here, no eyes open, no respect for the magic of movies. " There is nothing but bewilderment and contempt, because the lack of content, originality and nausea of ​​the mind and parody of everything that is ultimately wrong with the Hollywood machine, for the fast zloty, we must survive our future cinema audience in the image of this archetypal catastrophic film. <br /> <br /> Will it be if Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner have staggered in their graves? Money that everyone liked, no doubt, but the talent and enthusiasm for excellence and quality, and to a large extent respect for their profession and audience, were never short. Once again, we see another bad taste stereotype in the Wayans clan, while others like White Chicks (2004) were undoubtedly stabbed by the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony is that the two main heroes, once again played by the brothers Wayans, are so secret that no recognition exists, and that makes the film better, and the actor Terry Crews gives White chick substance and personality, not Wayanami. <br /> <br /> Once again with his pastiche from Blaxploitation movies from 1970, as with the 1988 movie "Gonna You Git You Sucka", it can be considered a comic and funny movie with heavy weights like Isaac Hayes , Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the great actress Ja'net Du Bois. The point is that Little Man has absolutely no personality what is ever, he is shallow and narcissistic, underestimating or underestimating his followers, he quickly dives, takes your money and, before we know it, hid in the modes of commercialism. There is no recognizable effort when it comes to where our money was spent, after Scary Movie (2000), everything could only develop, but unfortunately no, they did not think about artistic value and undoubtedly some of these intrepid films. More films by the tycoons they will be straight to the video, you can only hope. <br /> <br /> It seems that Wayani created the film genre to a certain extent; they killed a movie parody to death, they diluted each avenue and their inevitable style. They slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that Kino gave us, let the ghosts of films in the past be so humble in their assessment, as their growing audience, so far, seems to be, because when the bubble burst, let them be just as rational.
