[ZAWIERA SPOILERY !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumba watch the Lion King. Timon decides to return BEFORE the beginning, when the story really started. So they come back. On the way back. Even before Simba was born. Return to Timon's old home, which was far from Pride Rock. The meerkat clan buried itself underground to hide from hyenas. The worst seeker in the clan was a pompous, self-centered meerkat named Timon. His mother took pity on him, but Uncle Max just shook his head. My mother proposed to give Timon to watchfulness; Timon had somewhere dreams of a bigger and better place. That's when the Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed hyenas arrived and nearly killed poor uncle Max. It did. Other meerkats just wanted to leave Timon while Timon took over. So he kissed my mother goodbye and started. He did not go far before he began to miss home. That's when he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what it meant, so he continued and met a warthler named Pumba, who was alone because of the flatulence problem. Timon and Pumba connect at that time, but Timon announced their knowledge, not friends. <br /> <br /> Soon they will reach Pride Rock, where zebras, antelopes, wildebeests, rhinos, giraffes, elephants and many other ordinary animals have gathered. What is going on? Timon did not care. They threw. Timon saw Rafik on top of Pride Rock, which he could not see. Just then all the animals bowed. Was it to celebrate the birth of a new king? No, Pumbaa went through gas and animals bowed to cover their noses; Timon and Pumba are trying the assortment of new homes, but each of them is uncomfortable because of constant singing or hyenas or a big panic of gnu! Pumba and Timon suddenly found themselves in the stream. When they reach land, Timon decides to give up. But then they look around their newly discovered paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fall as far as the eye can see. Timon called this place a strange phrase that he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. One afternoon, Timon and Pumba go out for a buzzard bowling when they suddenly come to Simba. They take him under their wings and become father's figures. They teach him martial arts with eating mistakes and bouncing. Soon the teenager Simba participates in the snail contest. Simba won, leaving Timon deadly ill. <br /> <br /> One day, Nala, a childhood friend Simba, arrived. Timon and Pumba just knew that he would break friendship. Suddenly Simba escapes. Nala and Pumba are chasing him, but not Timon. He decided to stay in "Hakuna Matata" alone until Rafiki "spoke" to him sensibly, so he joins his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max come back then. While Simba fights Scala, Mother and Max dig a large hole to imprison Shenni, Bonzai and Ed. The scar will soon be dropped into the same hole where it is absorbed by the hyenas. Then everything is fine. Mother, uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats live with Timon and Puma in the paradise of Hakuna Matata. Coming back to the present, Timon and Pumba finish the movie when suddenly Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to see him again. Like Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Rabbit, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I have to say that the Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I expected. It was too funny and stupid. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. She had a serious story with a light comedy thrown in. She was just stupid and she mocked her. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumba are just too absorbed. They're overflowing to the point that they're not funny anymore, they're just annoying. The original voice cast returns: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumba, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New to the cast are Julie Kavner from the television series The To The Simpsons as mother of Timon and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. Anyway, this movie is not the Lion King III, not the II, because it is already II. It takes place right after part I, and part II is far away. Hence 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend it to the Lion King fans, because it is too funny and frivolous. However, children will like it, so I recommend them. I hope it will also be LAST Lion King. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we expect from the creators of the Disney sequel. <br /> <br /> -
