The director and his crew embark on an isolated Beal residence to create a low-budget horror movie about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that took place in the last century. Even with the warnings of the janitor, the director does not pay attention to the allegedly cursed house. One of the crews finds a book titled The Tibetan Book of the Dead and uses some of its fragments to write the script. But when they do it, when they pick up the red ghoul from the grave. <br /> <br /> Boring, tangled and tacky all in one, equals this penniless soul. What seems like an eternity never seems to go together or represent anything that is effective with some decent ideas. Although the clumsy, tensionless direction of director Paul Harrison has built some amazing, atmospheric and romantic pieces. But laziness set him up early. The whole film in the film structure is occupied by the majority of the film, and nothing interesting is happening at the time. It's not cool. Think of "Children who should not play with dead things" (1972) of Bob Clark, and now we have older actors in this part. However, I think that "Seven corpses" is worse. The early scenario is full of typefaces before the end of gray, predictable and will remain with many unfulfilled possibilities. A cheap base with limited sets did not help either, but the gloomy, dark appearance of the estate had terrifying air inside. The performances from the recognizable b-cast are mainly stiff. John Carradine is mostly lurking in a small part. John Ireland plays the hot director, the hungry actress Faith Domergue demands attention, and Charles Macaulay complements her. The idea for a slow grinding is crossed with "Ten Little Indians" and an ordinary set of zombies. However, it is not so engaging, even with its occult and supernatural edge. Hell throws even some cemetery action without victory. When does a rotting ghoul appear? finally, but a bit too late. It's getting a little better if it's very surprising. Like the inspired opening, the ending is delicious. The evil between them is constantly pulling. Continuity in many scenes appears in non-existent, and death scenes are more exciting and bloodier (but in fact badly done) in the created movie, and then what happens to them when a zombie appears. The overall musical score shakes with its trembling but honest gothic signal, and the work with the camera is mildly staged with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Task completed. It's a wrap.
