It's a kind of movie that really hurts admitting that really, really sucks. I usually sanctify such things! Early films from the 70's grindhouse with delicious titles and a poor low-budget atmosphere, usually ROCK. "House of Seven Corpses" seemed to have even more advantages, because the cast is a collection of great veterans of the genre (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue), and the filming spots (the house title, the cemetery) are of course very desirable for a grim story about horror. The film begins with absolutely the best and most memorable sequences, although unfortunately they are the only ones that qualify as such. These loans are a great montage, along with bizarre color effects and amazing frozen cages, illustrating the way the title house has received its famous reputation. The last seven owners have been mysteriously murdered here, and the assembly of subtitles with joy shows their last moments. Someone falls from the balcony shouting, the woman melts in the tub, and another female body hangs from the ceiling and four more gruesome images. Needless to say, the house is cursed, and the awkward behavior of Mr Price's guardian (Carradine) only strengthens this reputation. In other words, the house creates the perfect turf for the acclaimed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his project of satanic horror. The film's structure in the film is what causes the "House of the Seven Things" to be so boring and peaceful. Many film materials are wasted on crew members placing reels in the camera and pulling on cables or ?? Even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay, depicting terribly unacceptable stereotypes of actors. The story eventually becomes a bit interesting (just a little, remember it), when one of the characters reads some lines from an occult book and accidentally wakes a rotting corpse in the yard. The asthmatic zombie (judging by the noise it produces) slowly goes home and kills the entire film crew, recalling how the previous seven turned into dead bodies. After about 60 minutes, the film suddenly turns into bizarre and confusing. I'm still not sure if the last change is related to the concept of reincarnation or just by accident, and all other characters suddenly seem to undergo massive mental changes shortly before they die for some reason. Honestly, I regret that "House of Seven Corpses" is quite a horrible movie. Locations and landscapes are dark, but they are not used to the full effect and a serious lack of macabre bloodshed. The many jewels from the 70's with low budgets were staggering, so the lack of financial resources is not an excuse, and the film murders in the film do not count. Even the always-reliable veteran stars deliver fantastic performances, and Harrison's direction is completely boring. Not recommended, unless you think that zero cool four and a half minutes of editing the subtitles is worth the effort of buying copies.
