I have three comments about this film, which I discovered while spending time on the lower shelf in Blockbuster. First of all, the approach taken by filmmakers is interesting, trying to film essentially non-filmed works. Some of them, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", forced the original author to write a script that resembles something original. Of course it can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing is dead for a long time. Some have used the assumptions of the original work as a starting point to go in a completely new, unrelated direction (the last adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind here). You can do it stupid - the film "Slaughterhouse Five" is an example for me. Or you can simply take the original format and try to render it in movie vignettes. That would be the approach "Everything you wanted to know about sex" by Woody Allen and probably this movie. After considering, this is probably the only thing that can be done with scientific work, such as "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that regardless of the accumulated point, the original work has been obscured or destroyed. And so it is here. <br /> <br /> The second point is a movie style. Some would call it "homage" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc. But I think it's more primitive. It is much too heavy and self-aware to act for a long time. In the end, it's just annoying. <br /> <br /> The third point is perhaps less intellectual observation. How did the people responsible for it make a film about wild sexual deviations and perversions, which is so boring? I consider the film impossible to pay attention to, and anyone who is not automatically attracted to performances of sexual deviance will also find it. I do not want to be completely obscene and claim that the film is pointless, but I must say that regardless of what the filmmakers had, it is rather obscured by the nature of the source material, explicit copying of film styles and stubborn opposition engage the audience at the emotional level (probably for fear of accusation of excitement). <br /> <br /> The movie is a dubious exercise from the very beginning and it really does not work for me, I'm sorry to say.
