Dreamgirls, despite the fact that Tony wins in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, has never been what could be called a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. This does not mean, however, that in proper film hands it can not be refined and polished to something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, what moves onto the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit, with all its inherent weaknesses. First of all, the score has never been one of the strengths of this production, and the film does not change this factor. There are many songs (maybe too much?), But a few of them are particularly unforgettable. The next catchy songs are the title song and One Night Only - the loud song "I I Am Telling You That I Am Not Going" is a less-than-dramatic song than the song Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is neat and technically well produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and devoid of any resonance. Interest in opening moments, watching manager Jamie Foxx in the style of Svengala manipulates his files to the top, but it takes a back seat in the second part of the movie, when the story conveniently tries to cast him as a villain, despite being right from the business point of view for the good part of the movie. Beyonce Knowles is cute and she sings her songs very well, but she is stuck with a character who is basically the whole surface. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do with the whole movie. Eddie Murphy does well as a singer, obviously based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly fleshy and ultimately has little effect. Foxx would seem perfect, but it seems strangely withdrawn and bored. The greatest asset of the film is probably Jennifer Hudson, winner of the American Idol / Oscar award in the central role of Effie White, a temperamental singer who is thrown out of the group and returns triumphant act of closure. For me, Effie has always been a big problem both in the series and in the movie. The movie apparently wants you to feel sorry for her and would rather not mind, but I've never been sure if this character deserves such devotion. From the very beginning, Effie has been run mostly like a loathsome, selfish, egocentric diva who is more interested in what everyone can do for her than having much interest in the group she is part of. When she is thrown out of the group for her unprofessionalism and bad attitude, accusations are more than justified, but the scene / movie seems to think that Effie should be deprived of unlimited slack just because he has a great voice. Although the film tries to soften some of the harder edges of Effie to make it more nice, the charges continue to persist. Her story becomes more manipulative, suggesting that she should have our further compassion, because she is an unmarried mother fighting for her daughter's upbringing - using the implications that motherhood (just like a talent card) immediately justifies any behavior. Indeed, the only big effort the film makes to show Effie's mother is to tell us about it, and then turn on the scene in which she barks her daughter at the Unemployment office, she emphasizes that the girl has no "father", and then he refuses to seek employment to support them, because singing is everything he knows. In the hands of a talented actress, the gaps could be repaired by technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not the actress. She sings well, but moments driven by dialogue do not come naturally or do not make high emotional moments. The moment of the Effie signature (the already mentioned I I Am Telling You number ...) is well sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie has to express his rage and desperation in his position, but Hudson goes out as a cabaret performer, throwing out a hot number. In general, this is not quite an emotional attraction. The second part of the movie is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver Foxx in Hudson's earlier position and allow her to step back and rule over everyone. The crime committed by Foxx in the film is clearly obvious to many fighting record producers, but the apparent implications of this movie that it happened, because it helped to start the disco era, are rather ridiculous, not to mention pretentious and condescending, especially the film with full depth puddle. The end result is a faithful rendition of the hit of the stage, devoid of emotions, energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.
