Before I start, I want to say briefly that this film itself is very well made and well done by everyone involved, including Whittaker, who really deserves his nomination. It is very funny and. . in the right context as a work of FICTION, it's a very good movie. That's why I give it to two stars. <br /> <br /> But instead of wasting time on what can be read a hundred times elsewhere, I want instead to pay attention to the absolute fictional nature of the film and how dangerous it is to sell people the work of fiction as if it were true. I emphasize that this film nowhere in the subtitles lets us know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. Rather, it presents this character in a real historical environment and allows the misinformed viewer to assume that he is really real and what they see is true. I do not have a problem with mixing facts and fiction - but to do it in such a dishonest way, in a word, it is reprehensible. <br /> <br /> There can be no doubt that Africa, along with the majority of the Third World, countries are full of human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long been trying to capture the suffering of people in these countries in movies. But Hollywood also has an eye on earning money. The only true way to grasp the suffering that seems to take place everywhere, but the West has either to experience it for itself, or at least capture it in an honest document. <br /> <br /> But these fictional characters in real historical settings can only do this. At the end of the day, they become less inclined to present the facts to the viewers so that they can decide for themselves, and more to guide you from the image to the image and hit you in the head, shouting: "SEE, WERE IN THIS EVIL!" The most important example can be found by anyone who wants to watch a documentary on DVD after watching the movie. Probably the most shocking picture of the movie is watching the body of Kay Amin, the second wife of Idi, whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity. In the film, we see that her limbs have been cut off and re-attached to the back (arms on legs and vice versa). The director makes sure you understand that Amin is, as Gungan says, Bom-bad! But watching a documentary, we find out that, in fact, it is a myth that the minister of health at the time he tells us is not real. <br /> <br /> So. . . What . . . just create these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion about our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us that we will come to the right conclusion. Look, she was murdered and dismembered by herself enough to conclude that Amin was not a nice guy he portrayed in the media - we do not need those images inspired by the Texas musical mass to strengthen it! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What is not explained to the casual viewer is that Garrigan's main character is fictitious. There was no young Scottish doctor under the wings of Amin. As such, Garrigan is clearly present only to help us stupid Westerners understand the African world. It seems that producers will not be interested in film about Africa, unless there is a white face in it. (Ironically, even the title character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem is that the film is no longer an exhibit of Amin and his regime, but instead is a exploitative thriller about a white man from the West coming to Africa for wrong reasons, committing a few terrible mistakes, and then "redeeming" yourself, even at the expense of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I must admit that it is almost blameworthy to suggest that the real tragic death of Mrs. Amin was the result of a try-in with a fictitious Scottish doctor - it seems to be a morbid joke for entertainment! I really want Hollywood to stop tugging at our money. For the first time, I realized his inclination to do so with the pathetic manipulation of the life of John Nash, BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard, and Akiva Goldman, who removed the darker side of the man to depict only the tortured hero whom America might simply not be enough. The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years, and viewers who are predictably and understandably too lazy or are not interested in running their own research, buy these fake portraits - hook, rope and sinker. <br /> <br /> Listen, I'm certainly not suggesting that Amin is turned into a villain he was not. I mean, if the truth is shocking enough to convince us of man's brutality, why should Hollywood go to such fictional lengths? Why is Hollywood still insulting us by holding our hands behind these films? Why can not they trust us that we think for ourselves! Can not we just show honest portraits on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I am calling everyone who is still watching allegedly "real" Hollywood movies to do a favor ALWAYS investigating for themselves and NEVER assume that what is on the screen is even close to the truth!
