Forest Whitaker's performance is all the more impressive, it is worth to sit in this thrill. "Historical fiction" does not justify the changing history. Absurd begins from scratch with an imaginary hero played by James McAvoy. The creation of a fictitious observer in order to provide the reader with a reference point in the book is regrettable, regrettable that white people can not just read a book without a white hero that they could connect to, but at least have been placed in a somewhat passive role. The invention of a fake historical actor and the recognition of this fiction for displaying Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Not making the creation of this creature credible, or even reasonable, is simply criminal and opened the door to films such as the one that is planning to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as the heroic whistleblower Enron who NEVER WAS. The logic of the world is not applicable in this film, in which a Scottish kid thinks he can sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. This is not the case when the dictator's wife wants to sleep with some stupid, skinny, irresponsible white boy. In this case, EVERYONE is in the queue to sleep with this skinny, irresponsible, arrogant white boy, he even has Gillian Anderson licking his chops. <br /> <br /> Let me state that I do not like James McAvoy. I do not know what's in it, but I thought that his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was terrible and pervy. I think Kerry Washington would never look at him, so I can not believe that a wife of a powerful dangerous man like Amin will risk and lose his life for him. I do not believe he is a Doctor, and I just do not see the appeal. His character seems to have a lot more arrogance than it would make sense, and trying to make him look like a kid in shooting a cow, just ... there's another word ... absurd. Think about it, you look at how all these figures are bent into knots to contain this amazing main character and there has never been such a guy. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks amazing and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance and emphasizes, with his incomprehensible speeches before Oscar, how he acted. It is a pity that the film around him had no reason to exist.
