"Women? That's all płuczki ...! "<br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; Not at all! This is lagging behind last year's "Tata Army", completely ignoring the special magic of the small screens of the original sitcom TV series and not playing at all with a large screen ... it can be said that this movie represents Great Britain, which falls in the fall, and to be more precise, the * British film industry * is starting to fall. And this is not a recommendation, right? To be an example of sadness madness ... <br /> <br /> Everything that remained after the subtlety of the television original was surgically removed by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson, is: endless, damaged musical tips, yawning, with the theme of Ron Grainer ... enhanced sentimentality (this is a tacky, thickly sewn end ... how much more bold it seems to be the second Steptoe film in comparison) increased extravagance - with the director and writers seemingly breaking away completely - fully suitable for something like "Misbegotten monstrosity" (yours really on this site) from 1973, "The Mutations". There is a strangely unsuccessful, skipping tone about the scene where Harold is beaten at the rugby club, that I partly hate him and reject him (as a friend from the television series said so far ...), but this at least seems to be the original slope and symbol tensions that are just building up in Britain in 1972 ... However, there is a supposed prostitute, "from the heart of gold" who turns a loose woman -traitor 'pon poor auld' Arold - and off-caricature writing of the element 'class'; not to mention the surprisingly poorly rated performances of usually dreadful leads. Brambell and Corbett agree with the script, and they can not even cure him of the basic ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock do ...? I simply admit that a few moments about the work - mainly those in which G & S play a little more carefully, and B & C touch the tenderer's nerves - and this is not an unobservable matter. <br /> <br /> But how it hurts to say it: it's tiring, boring, both deliberately detached from reality, which made the television series great, and also fully aligned with the lazy, tacky, misogynist. " to fuck what he does ... "in fact what could have happened to mainstream film production in Britain.
