OK, let me reiterate that I have not seen any other Merchant Ivory films (distributor). I have not seen the director's more well-known works, so my ability to discuss the rains beyond the analysis of the film itself is eased. With such admission, let me begin. <br /> <br /> Before the Rains is another type of movie that does not know what genre it wants to be. He pretends to be an affair at first. In most romances, the hero falls in love with a supporting character, is separated from the supporting character and is (sometimes) united with his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover, but he can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores, and her name is Sayani and they live in southern India during the waning days of Paradise (British imperial rule). Henry has been away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian maid, despite a legitimate marriage and child abroad. What could be better than that? They often escape intimate afternoons until some children notice them. The word spreads to the husband of Sajani, who questions her involvement in Moores. He denies any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave this area. Sayani refuses because of his devotion to him and commits suicide. Please note that these events take place in the third part of the film. The film changes its tone and becomes a crime drama in its final parts. <br /> <br /> The body of Sajani is discovered just like the Moores family is coming to visit. The alleged perpetrator is English educated assistant Moores T.K. T.K. he knows his master's affair, but he remains silent until his life is threatened. When he is found innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moores. T.K. it's too nasty and leaves it in a dirty path when rain falls. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you that this is not a romance movie. DVD cover and theater posters depict an Indian woman and a Caucasian man embracing an idealized environment. This image is recorded directly from the opening of the movie, but disappears quickly. Then it's over. It seems that it is an effort to use Western fixation on forbidden love. This is not at all effective. Not only is the film not a romance, but its heroes lack personality. They are bundles of walking clichés. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, T.K. T.K. is torn between one's heritage and education. Sajani is a woman incapable of choosing in her romantic life. Oh, and of course Moores's family is inquisitive about the death of Sayani, but still somewhat racist towards the Indians. If the tone was not so serious, I would be inclined to overlook these problems, but it is not. The film is presented with a didactic overtone that emphasizes its poor character development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not scary. Apart from the funny script, it is not weak. All actors here are experienced and do a good job. Nandita Das, who plays Sajaniego, was part of the great Indian drama Water. Even the director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently supervised The Terrorist, which is part of Roger Ebert's 'Great Movies' collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he inspired him to direct this movie because of a short watch in Israel, called the Red Roofs. It seems that history was "timeless", and Sivan tried to create a similar experience in India from the thirties. I have no problem with that, but I think that Sivan might have been too motivated this time. Actors, photos and scenography are acceptable, but if you do not share Sivan's aura, you probably will not like it. My recommendation is that you assume you are not compatible with it and look at something else. The final consensus: * and ½ of *****
