I understand this after revising this for the first time in many years, as it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy's. For me, it's not nearly as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some major drawbacks. The film aims to show Laurel and Hardy as owners and instructors in the dance studio. Hardy is funny, like the glamorous dance track "London Bridge", surrounded by stars 20th Century Fox, while in the next room Laurel teaches ballet for beginners in ballerina outfit. The clumsy carpenter spills the glue on the floor, which leads to a predictable gaga in which Hardy ends loosely. Then came the robbers who are now selling insurance covering their protection. One of them is very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But as soon as they force the boys to buy insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> It's the end of gangsters and the last time we see a dance studio. The rest of the movie is devoted to the support of Laurel and Hardy by the rich patron Trudy Marshall and her boyfriend inventor, Robert Bailey. First, they try to help them hide their relationships from their dissatisfied parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful competitor Allan Lane, who we can immediately say that this is not a good pig. This leads to the fact that Briggs' hidden bar is revealed as connecting Dumont tea and gag, in which the carpet is literally taken out of the rich patriarch who breaks his bed into the pond below. When Bailey uses boys to help him show his ray gun, there's a pandemonium. The butler with the dead lady announces Case and Dumont that their house is on fire. <br /> <br /> Later Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to get money to pay rent in the dance studio and she hopes Laurel will break her leg to do it. There is no reference to the fact that insurers were gangsters and that politics would probably be invalid. (Even if they were to become legal insurance sellers, after their arrest their licenses would be revoked). Laurel ends up getting off the bus, which was abandoned by the driver over the allegedly angry dog ​​(only covered with ice, cake devouring the appearance of Toto, or maybe a real dog), which caused that Oliver landed on a huge roller coaster, which somehow found itself on the bus, perfectly matching the wheels to the tracks. Gag in the roller coaster can be exciting, as evidenced by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood", and this one is fun but anti-climatic. <br /> <br /> When the story ends, all these gags do not seem to be underlined, giving the impression that it was just a series of one-dimensional sets to create a full-length movie, hopefully it will be part of the double bill. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their later films, has lost much of its splendor after leaving the work of Hal Roach, but it is surprising that they do not go out as old and tired as in the films made in the same year. If the gags were not as funny as it was with some other movies, it would certainly be "2" as opposed to "3".
