For those fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 40's and later were very sad times for the band. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios have expired, and now they are "free agents" - they can work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that employed boys had absolutely no touch for their comedy talents. Plus, Stan and Ollie were much older and seeing these geriatric men taking pratfalls seemed sad, not particularly fun. Stan looked very ragged, and the weight of Ollie to the point that he could barely walk - and that's why I felt uncomfortable, laughing at their very, very reassuring antics. <br /> <br /> In addition to age, this particular movie suffers because Fox Studios oddly cast them in the supporting role and created a parallel story with a young couple - something that shortened their time on the screen and turned them into bland "hangers" instead of just being yourself. The charming and cuddly Stan and Ollie is very strange to old Laurel and Hardy from the 1920s and 1930s - and he seemed terribly strange and fit poorly. <br /> <br /> Now, even with their age, He could have had a decent movie if he received a decent letter, and if it seemed that the studio was looked after - and it is quite obvious that they used the "B-unit" here - at best, second-class support. In particular, there is very little laughter, and the last 10 minutes of the movie is simply horrible - relying only on the sloppy screen in the back for a stupid chase scene - which can simply be included in the worst movie story of its kind. <br /> <br /> For lovers of zombies, Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie that they will love. But for band lovers who want to honestly evaluate this movie in relation to their amazing earlier films, they just really want to. In fact, from all their full-length movies from before 1940. I can not think of one I would like more than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately from the movies after 1940. It could be one of their better. Unfortunately, it got a lot worse - with unfortunate films, such as BIG NOISE and NOTHING, BUT SOLUTION. I just want the boys to retire after SAPS NA SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the overall positive reviews of this movie on IMDb can reflect the reviewers' love for the band more than the indication that it's a good movie? For an audience who is NOT in love with a band anymore, I do not know HOW this film will do anything but bores the audience - it certainly will not convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comedy geniuses. But even comedy geniuses need material worthy of their talents.
