This film uses all art-house stereotypes (slow tempo, long static shots, minimal number of dialogs) to hide the fact that there really is nothing worth watching: there is no story, characters are bleak (lead woman) or clichés ( Tersteeghe's character) and never talk to each other about anything that concerns their rather peaceful life. The film focuses on a woman who finds out about her husband's adultery. Instead of facing him, he avenges vigorously by committing adultery. After fighting and reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery, without telling her - she asks her husband to stop cheating on her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other stories - the planned transfer of an older woman's father with her young wife to Guernsey and competition with a woman's sister - do not offer any interesting events. The suicide of a woman's friend who seems to induce events in the film is not a subject in itself. For 2005 - or any other year on the subject - it's not enough to make an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> What's more, what little possibilities of dramatic development in the script are not used or are deliberately avoided, as when both a woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from the house of their fathers, which will be sold from because of his planned traffic. Both sisters want this particular piece and given their rivalry in the past - far more important things than furniture: men - it can theoretically lead to confrontation. Or the matter can be resolved by one sister giving way to the other. Anyway, it would not be very interesting or original development of history, but at least it would be a certain development. The film clearly defines this situation (both sisters look at each other during marking and one sister mentioned that she does not want to draw straws), but it cheats us from any resolution: the scene just ends and how - in itself rather gloomy and materialistic - the problem was solved, not shown. <br /> <br /> Although it's almost completely gone, the dialogue in the movie is terribly flat and lukewarm. For example, during a visit to Guernsey, two sisters turn to competition, that is, in a three-line dialog, which contains the childish "yes, it is - no, no". The scene of struggle and reconciliation with the 2 sisters is completely devoid of dialogue - giving a highly artificial, overly stylized and unrealistic impression and significantly reducing its impact. The way the woman finally - finally! - he asks for adultery of his husbands in one dialog to believe - and at the same time is completely unbelievable. It seems that the husband has no noticeable reaction or if he has any, it is not shown. The woman does not mention her husband about her own adultery. The scene showing a woman, husband and their little son sleeping in an airplane, watched by a sister, can be thought of as a happy end, but the way in which characters have touched on their lives in what has happened before, makes this unlikely. > <br /> Due to the slow pace, uninteresting story, leaden direction and absurd lack of dialogue, I consider this film an example of everything that may be wrong with a house-art movie and a total waste of time.
