Slither is a horror comedy that really does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has one scene that is exceptionally good, any number of zingerów that work, but very little real terror and inadequate humor to keep the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and heroine, and then disappears in several places. <br /> <br /> The main disadvantage of this movie is that it introduces and then leaves the hero (Fillion) to imitate Grantowi (Michael Rookerowi) when it is first introduced, and then become a monster. All this part of the movie is dragging - the character of Michael Rooker is not as interesting to us as a person, and watching, when passing a series of moves while playing in the interest of the monster, can be interesting if it was Grant - Portrait of a man turning into a monster instead of horror - a movie about alien invasion. In the final analysis, the problems of this movie are in the script - it is not as important to the audience as the monster acts or promotes. The goal of the horror film is to shoot the heroes in the corner with rifles, and then throwing worms in them, each of them breaks whenever something terrifying or disgusting happens. Instead, we get to know the habits and tactics of aliens that make this part of the movie stretches. This seeming heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more central to this part, but I still felt that the movie left her narrative song, unless he planned to follow Grant Grant until the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his group finally face the alien, the movie begins to boil, but once again the problem appears in the script. At this point, the audience knows - and the heroes should know - that Grant not only suffers from a disease and behaves in accordance with it (shotguns) - instead, he is constantly parley in the face of growing evidence that this is not something that "allows us to the hospital" help. Although their reactions could be human and real, they are characters from the action movie and they should just do what the movie promised - action. There are no action scenes in a movie with as few ideas as it is a big failure. <br /> <br /> *** AHEAD SPOILERS *** After the first confrontation and the bursting of an alien larval bag (a juvenile figure and probably the best scene in the film), the screenplay once again betrays the film. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken over by the alien and develops an insight into the alien. Writer-director (Gunn) chooses this character as a completely new character, not one of the smaller characters already developed. Why? Why did he have to introduce a completely new character for over an hour to a movie that became the central point of the story? Before this character is attacked, we know almost nothing about her and would not care about her, even though she is an attractive teenager in her bath. If Gunn decided not to use this character and just used one of the smaller characters, he could avoid his family and save time and money. What's more, the hero and heroine would be filled with the plans of a foreigner without all the extra characters and would be able to deal with blasting aliens earlier and with more energy. <br /> <br /> My last criticism is based on the look of the movie. Gunn is, above all, a writer, and maybe budget constraints, but this movie looked ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place at night in the woods or in the field, and the screen just looks grim. Sets in Wheelsy (a fictional city in which the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Office Mojo claims that the movie budget was $ 15 million, newspapers say $ 29 million, and given that they did not use any talent for names, I would say that money did not appear on the screen. The monster is simply repulsive and rarely looks deadly. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is based primarily on the reality of the character's actions. Before Fillion and Co begin to hunt Grant / stranger, one woman has disappeared and it is known that Grant mutilated animals. At that moment, I was expecting the FBI or at least the state police to show up and take over from the sheriff's hick. The woman disappeared and was probably murdered, and the local acted psychotically. It's time to call the authorities. But basically, I hoped it would happen because I just wanted a few heroes to appear and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is seemingly horror-comedy, the film that bears the most similar is Dreamcatcher in the conditions of a monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with the story (especially the whole story of Morgan Freeman), and especially the ending, in many respects he was stronger, mainly because the main characters were stronger, but more importantly, because he looked beautiful. Although it may be a curse - preferring a movie that is weaker in the overall plot and structural spine due to production values ​​- it just shows how uninteresting I found the Slither look.
