This movie is stunning me. Maybe I'm just a stupid American, but I do not get 400 Blows. Everything I read about this movie was a total delight, but I just could not get interested. I'm sure it was so revolutionary in filming, as all critics say, but when it comes down, it's just really boring. Maybe it's a language barrier, if I'm not "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but whatever it is, I hated the movie. The story itself is not bad; it is about a young French boy who is treated unfairly by parents and teachers and ultimately goes to a juvenile institution. This in itself should be interesting and at first. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but on the other hand it is difficult to say, because half of the talks were not written and for no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was going on. But for a dialogue that we could understand, it made sense. The actors were credible enough, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in such situations. So you feel like the main character, but only in the sense that when he gets in trouble, you think it sucks. The plot is not even a typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he gets into more trouble than he does lately, but the reasons never change. Throughout the movie you realize that the main character can not do anything about it. So it's more like waiting to see how it ends. By the way, the ending was completely above my head. For me it is too artistic and I just did not understand it. Keeping to the end was quite easy to follow. The structure was certainly there, and it made sense too, but everything was really drawn out. In the case of the number of dialogues and important moments, the film could be one hour shorter. It did not end. Part of this was unnecessarily long shots, none of which were particularly memorable; for example, the ending was a clip of the main character running along a country road that lasted a good thirty seconds. Now I'm sure he had some deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer I would rather get up to get more food at the time. Or at least I did something more useful than sitting and watching this boy running like doing laundry or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> Final verdict <br /> <br /> The feeling in the whole film was that it will probably be very moving and just amazing, and that it will teach me a great lesson in life, if only I can get what the director wanted to say through him? unique decisions. That was it, I felt cheated after a good two hours of my life.
