This film, called "four hundred strokes", is a wrong translation. Faire les 400 coups "means" live wild. As a Frenchman I am stunned when I see the popularity of this good, but not an outstanding film. 1. This is not the first film from the "nouvelle vague" movement, check out Agnes Varda "la pointe courte", (1956) Alain Resnais "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958), Claude Chabrol "le beau serge" (1958) are front. Historically, "les 400 coups" appears later. 2. "Nouvelle vague" was sometimes heavy and heavy for its predecessors: Overnight, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves allégret and many others were doomed to oblivion. "Nouvelle vague". You have never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already, Feyder), laugh, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder. some people will never discover French jewels of the 1950s or 1940s (Duvuvier's "sous le ciel de Paris", "douce" by Autant-Lara, "une si jolie petite" by Yves Allégret and "manèges"). he went so far that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "Les 400 coups" is technically rather disappointing: it is very academic, history is as linear as possible, teachers are caricatures, and mother Claire Maurier delivers such memorable lines as (you must be French around 1960 to understand, how funny it is: Well, your father only has his brevet (high school diploma) and, as for me, I only have my high school diploma! You must know that around 1960, only 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel after all, he should be proud of his mother, he wants him to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. In comparison with the "Hiroshima mon amour" innovations, which have a completely new form and new "fragmentary" content, "les 400 coups" take on Truffaut will master the new form only thanks to the highly superiors' Jules' and Jim ', assisted by the unrivaled Jeanne Moreau 5. The interpretation is quite rigid, Jean-Pierr e Léaud, probably heard when dubbed in English, is still decent, but soon it will turn into the one most affected by his generation. 6. Theme = stolen childhood had better days earlier ("Poil de carotte" by Julien Duvivier, "los olvidados" by Luis Bunuel) and will have ("l'enfance nue" Maurice Pialat, "Kes" Kenneth Loach) do not want to demean Truffaut, his film is not bad, but, to be honest, French cinema fans prefer "Jules and Jim" "l'enfant sauvage" (honest, true and uncompromising commercially to blame) "l'argent de poche" (academic like "400 assassinations", but much more entertaining) or his nice Hitchcock pastiche "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
