This is Frank Zappa's axiom that "music journalism is people who can not write interviews with people who can not speak to people who can not read." If you ever needed proof that musicians can not talk, this is a movie for you. Repeated attempts at depth stumble to end in the monosyllabic comments provided in scary voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This movie is pretentious, but while many of the flashes of Youssou N'Dour and his gang of happy men (and one symbolic woman) cracks, the music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea of ​​the film (what I consider the main idea, extracted from an inarticate commentary) is interesting. A gathering of a group of musicians from America and Europe and taking them on a journey through various musical styles that grew out of captivity, returning to the roots in West African music and a concert in the old slave fort Gorée off the coast of Senegal. We are treated like gospel, blues, jazz and their variations, including fantastic drumming in New Orleans and Senegal. There are also a lot of N'Dour's own compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. You never know what N'Dour wants to achieve. To some extent, the film seems to be an exercise of self-promotion in the N'Dour part. He wants to play his own music, to some extent fascinated and perform in the company of musicians whom he admires. He is clearly a bit embarrassed by this and early film, which receives the blessings of the Gorée museum curator. <br /> <br /> The clash between different programs is manifested in several other places. For example, someone apparently felt that you can not tell the story of black music without the gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his colleagues are Muslims (a point repeated many times throughout the film). The entire early sequence with black Christians is uncomfortable, and then disappear from the story until the group at the end of harmony (the only black Christians who can keep the tone?) Will appear in Dakar at the end of the movie. (To be honest, appear triumphantly and perform the best song in the movie.) If the history of black music must nod head towards the gospel, why not toward Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. The black diaspora does not seem to have produced any caliber musicians, because N'Dour chooses the sketch of an Austrian guitarist and trumpet player from Luxembourg. Are they in the band just because N'Dour played with him before? However, the most annoying to me was the long sequences that tried to recreate the beatnik / black power of the 1960s / cultural Nation of Islam in the New York home of Amir Baraka (aka Leroi Jones). Listening to people talks about the meaning of "getting to know your story" and then in the next breath of perpetuating ignorance. Why do so many African Americans think that accepting the Arabic name is a confirmation of their African roots? And why do they think that Arabic Islam is much more admirable than European Christianity? Who according to them established trade in African slaves? The film does not have much to say about the situation in West Africa today, except that the "current conditions" are a consequence of the brightest and have been sent for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor but happy, talented musician, friendly and cordial, respecting the elders (and not elevating the Americans to the fish market). Are these ethnic stereotypes or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guard, which N'Dour and the crew with the camera seem to need in the opening sequence when they walk through the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong influence in the film, slaves taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The evidence points to the similarity between the New Orleans folk percussion style and the folk drums style in Senegal. The last thing slaves heard before they were sent was to beat their homeland by saying good-bye. Except, of course, the slaves sent from Dakar were not from Dakar. They were captured or sold from inside by coastal Senegal and sold to merchants from any European power that now owned a Gorée slave fort. The people of Dakar are not descendants of Africans who have escaped the slave trade, are they equally likely? more probable ?? be the descendants of people who sold their black brothers into slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> A clash of two agencies again in the last part of the movie. There are two separate endings. On the one hand, the concert which N'Dour and Co prepare and prepare on the way, and which deliver in the courtyard of the slave fort Gorée. The other end comes when Harmony Harmoneers sing a spiritual "Return to Glory" at the door of the sea slave fort. It is deeply moving, even if it is hard to believe that the performance is just as spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a faulty movie. An unclear story that he tries to convey and pulled in different directions. Annoying, confusing, beautiful and emotional in turn. Watch (listen) to music and feelings, but do not expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
