I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I rushed to "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" see Cushing again ... even if this time there was no Chistopher Lee. To my great disappointment, this film will not only go without Lee, but it will be completely without the Frankenstein Monster! Was it a coincidence "If we fail to get Lee, we will not have a monster at all"? Why should they do it? The monster is half the fun! This film is devoted exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his efforts to end the experiments he began in brain transplants before he went to asylum. I considered the script too weak, with the need to suspend the disbelief imposed on the audience a bit too much. I am willing to suspend a large amount, but this movie has become quite ridiculous, which wrenched me out of the movie, and did not immerse me in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing is absolutely brilliant, playing the pure evil in this movie. As one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet people, he would surely be able to play extremely dangerous and hostile. The support staff is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancée blackmailed to help Frankenstein. An inept police chief is presented, along with his helper, who is to bring a comic relief, after which they are completely abandoned from the movie! Why? We are convinced that the head of police will be the main nemesis of the baron, and then we are convinced that he will be a young doctor, and then he will be the victim of a Frankenstein brain transplant experiment. There was no tension, we did not invest in the "creature", and the ending was so ambiguous that it left us unsatisfied because it is so clear that they set the next continuation. <br /> <br /> there are virtually no elements of "horror". Yes, at the beginning there is a beheading (outside the camera) and we are treated to the sounds of Cushing, cutting off the tops of two skulls of men (again, outside the camera), and is the most disturbing and totally unnecessary scene of rape (Of which 90% is outside the camera). I understand that he loves to "allow the public to imagine everything, because their imagination is much worse than what we can show", but give peace, if you do not intend to give us a monster, at least let us SEE a few "scary" elements that you choose . Showing us a skeleton in a laboratory lit by green light is simply not terrifying. <br /> <br /> In addition, a weak script, I thought that the directing was mostly flat. There were a few nice shots, but otherwise there was no excitement, atmosphere or tension. The same director made "Curse" in 1958 and I thought he was perfectly directed ... I'm guessing that this movie was as uninspired as me. <br /> <br /> The film gets 4 out of 10 from me strictly considering the powerful, nuanced performance of Peter Cushing ... besides, I have not found much of a command in this film. Instead, I suggest you watch "The Frankenstein Curse" and see a really great Hammer horror.
