Even according to the standards of making films from 1942. The configuration presented by HIS KARDONERKA KOCHAJĄCA was very extreme. Half-pair machinations (husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to recover a second because of the threat of marrying another, divorce or possible separation through jealousy, humiliation or other schemes were done much better in classics such as HIS GIRL Friday and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both of these films depict women with a strong, uncontrollable presence on the screen and which played independent feminist characters. In both films, both women were separated / divorced from their (witty) first husbands and decided to marry colorless men who were their exact opposite, and both would be deceived to reject their future husbands and re-ignite their passion. <br /> <br / > The plot in HER CARDBOARD LOVER changes the gender: here, it's Norma Shearer in the role of Cary Grant, this time to drive off the ex-boyfriend (George Sanders) by employing Robert Taylor to pose as her gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is much too old to play a role more appropriate for an actress between the ages of half and her twenties; Sanders is more or less as involved as a piece of furniture - any man who would be in love with his fiancée, seeing a strange man coming out of her bathroom, as it happens here, would knock out lights and make a huge scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his part as if he was trying to give Cary Grant half the time, not in the inflection of speech, but in the general essence. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer herself. For an actress accustomed to parts that gave her a sense of intellectual sexiness and dramatic presence, playing Consuelo Craydon seems to plunge her into complete over-acting, over-emotion and excessive gesticulation, which, though still part of her acting style and more appropriate ten years earlier, makes her look like a very upbringed artist, tearing the joke from a situation resembling water from a fairly dry sponge. It only fuels fires that speak of a theory that gives Irving Thalberg the creator of her career and choice (majority) of roles; why she went on such roles as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but on the other hand, most reports also state that by that time it had just burned from acting, that it had lost all interest in this matter and it is no secret that anyone who has experienced this kind of thing has essentially lost focus and can not wait until the retirement or the end of the contract is close to leaving as soon as possible. This may be the case here. It seems to be lost, seems tired, seems sick, going through the autopilot instead of living a part. After this film, she will do nothing more, but she will be responsible for the discovery of Janet Leigh, who entered her own movie star in the late 1940s and '60s.
