Most of the time, I could not understand the movie, like no one else, based on other reviews. The initial scene of this film has practically nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with a big mustache cancels his holidays to get away from his girlfriend. He was assigned to photographing the mountain range. There are rumors that he is haunted, but I could not say whether he heard it from his boss or later in the film. Along the way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him during his work. There's this horrible musical score in the whole movie, mainly consisting of loud singing that makes you want to shout, "STOP ALREADY !!!" What really will be galloping is that the movie always seems to be good, but it is never like that. There is beautiful mountain scenery and a truly terrifying atmosphere. The inn and quiet, abandoned old buildings scattered on the mountain are quite sinister. Misty nights look like real, not like someone set up an artificial fog on the set. And the idea, although not original, had potential. But it never improves, or at least not enough to pay off. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stop at this inn run by a strange innkeeper (you expect him to be named Igor) with hearing problems. There is a scene in which the writer thinks the voyeur is in her window, but the scene is so dark that I had no idea what was going on. I do not know if it was poor lighting or poor film transfer. In any case, we'll never know what happened. There is a scene in which he sleeps. It does not explain whether he is sleepwalking or hypnotized by witches in this respect. Another scene that has never been explained is to steal a car and then find it without theft. They roam in this apparently deserted mountain village, whose only inhabitant is this seemingly polite old woman. There are other things, including a chained wild man in a cave that has never been explained, an attempt to sacrifice a writer in some way (will they kill her or ask her to join them?), Witches themselves, a handful of brunettes in white robes who do not appear in the last 15 minutes of the movie and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the closing scene does not make sense. When everything is said and done, most people will say "Huh?"
