Talking about this film is extremely difficult to follow and it is equally frustrating to sit very gently. Also saying that the current available print is dark, gloomy, rough, terribly edited, painfully dubbed, seemingly censored and almost unreadable is correct. This film urgently needs a good remastering from a full, uncut, original negative and see how fairly atmospheric (and won the director's award at the Film Festival in Catalonia), it may indeed be worth the trouble. On the other hand, maybe not ... You just can not say what state the movie is in. It starts out quite interestingly if you can discount a completely pointless initial sequence of credits, which includes a mad kitten who kills a serpent, who loves the serpent Gerda. Girls Carla (Mónica Randall, who should release her eyeliner a little), splashing gas in the garage and burning a brat. It seems that she is as crazy as young Gerda, visits her strange photographer (ex-boyfriend) Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is on vacation from work, but so desperate to get away from Carla that he is begging his employers to put him on the job ... every task. She grimaces: "You will be sorry!" As he comes out the door. Well, Mario is assigned to shooting "Witches Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before he reaches his destination, he sees a hottie on the beach named Delia (Patty Shepard) and snaps a few photos that he removes her bikini. Just a little annoyed, he claims to be a single writer, two flirts, and then decides that it would be a swelling idea if they went together upstairs. When they stop at its place to be able to pack their bags, Mario suddenly hears loud, ominous music. Delia claims she just hears things. <br /> <br /> So they both start the trip up, stopping at the local inn to spend the night. There they meet a strange, partly deaf, crazy host (Victor Israel) and Delia claims that someone spied here through her window. The next day, under some trance, he wanders up the mountain and is eventually located by Mario, who jumps out of the Jeep and runs after her. When he learns what is happening, someone steals their wheels and they are forced to walk in pieces, eventually finding the jeep undamaged at the foot of a small, ancient, seemingly deserted village ... almost like someone tried to deliberately lure them there. As we shall see, exactly this happened. In the village, they meet a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra), who claims that she is the only person who still lives there and allows them to stay at home. Mario takes pictures of an "abandoned" city, and when he develops them, they are incredibly full of people. Slightly extricated, he and Delia start to come out and get stuck in a "tricky" fog and have to stop and break up for the night. The rest of the movie is related to voodoo dolls, black cats are transformed into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by women in bodices and a mortal fall from a cliff. And so, by chance, Carl, this strange wife, turns out to be one of the witches. Everything is done in semi-darkness and to be honest, I did not know what the hell was going on most of the time. An ambiguous "open" ending is just an extra blow to the face for anyone who has to suffer the rest of this senseless mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are only a few things that make me really good. The first of them is the actress Shepard, who has a great, dark, mysterious beauty of Barbara Steele. There is also an excellent musical score (assigned to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and singing songs that have greatly helped make this film as atmospheric as it is. Working on the location is quite decent, but as I said, the printout is ugly as it may be, and there is no point in doing so, be careful.
