In Europe he is known as Who Dares Wins; in America it is known as The Final Option, but under any title this absurd action film SAS asks the public to put aside disbelief for about two hours. It is very difficult for me to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost chosen as the successor of Roger Moore in the films with Bond ... this guy is so expressionless that he would fight for a job at the wax museum (as a wax figure !! !) Fortunately, Judy Davis is ready to partially redeem the affair with a fleshy performance as a tough terrorist lady, and here is a ten-minute climax action sequence that is quite competently arranged by director Ian Sharp. Let's add that we wait very long, very, very long for these emotions to emerge and I can not honestly say that nearly two hours of waiting for a bit of decent action was worth the effort. <br /> <br /> The difficult SAS man Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) is hidden among a group of peace protesters who would like to see the end of piling nuclear weapons. He meets their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong and stubborn woman who can simply be able to take extraordinary actions to achieve her goals. A dedicated group of Franks abruptly besieged the American embassy in London, demanding the launch of a nuclear missile at the Naval base in Scotland (he believes that when the world witnesses a nuclear explosion, everyone will be so terrified that they will join the disarmament campaign). Unfortunately for Frankie, he makes the mistake of taking Skellen for her little raid on the embassy, ​​and he plans to frustrate their plan from the inside, using some of the external help from SAS companions. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - quite obvious - by SAS's incredible attack on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw this event in the news, apparently thought it would be good to come up with a film similar to that. Unfortunately, the film is quite trivial, with too much stupid dialogue and lots of many embarrassingly bad scenes (some debate of the archbishop who is in a riot, someone?). and it's so funny, so it becomes a funny character when the audience is on the verge of perceiving it as an interesting black character. Who Dares Wins is trying to be the holiday of a military legend like SAS, but at the same time immerses himself in clumsy action plates and ill-conceived conspiracies. The result is a well-planned but completely ineffective piece of Boy's absurdity.
