This movie has been hailed, glorified and moved to unbelievable heights. But in the end, what is it really? The many ways in which this has been done for the audience on the screen are not working. Quite academic work of the camera makes signing obscured, and scenes in ASL are difficult to track, even for someone who is relatively fluid. A voice interpretation of Matlin's dialogue, under the pretext that Hurt's character "likes the sound of his voice", increasingly turns it into a strange, distant object during the film. Matlin shines in a few scenes where her signing is not partially hidden. Nevertheless, the majority of the film, when it is a love story, is shown only from one point of view, from the point of view of man. As Ebert said: "If the story concerns the battle of two people over the common ground on which they will communicate, it is not fair that the whole movie was on the terms of just one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that the teacher-oralist who uses the methods that have been imposed in many deaf schools for decades, would be portrayed as "revolutionary", in itself is offensive. His character weakens as a reliable teacher when the film continues. Drawing a comedy from a deaf accent is quite fair. And his attitude towards the male students in his class is quite symptomatic of how he seems to work with women: as a legitimate man. A party scene with the participation of many deaf people, including several scientists meeting together, leaves him seemingly isolated, in a way quite inconsistent with his references: I have seen translators spontaneously passing among themselves, even when they were not aware of the deaf being in the area, but somehow he feels like a fish taken out of the water in an environment where his education should have made him very comfortable. As a lover, he seems a typical, stubborn, nice guy, including his tendency to act after the murder. And the movie is really only visible through him, like everything his lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> Scenes involving other deaf children are, generally speaking, wallbangers. Broken symbolism fails, a dance scene, a pool scene, even an initial sleep scene that is going to bear a share - all those scenes that try to isolate the deaf main character are broken metaphors at best: many hearing people I know, dancing on bass hits that deaf people feel (instead of fidgeting like a copulating chihuahua), and going to the evening dive for the hearer is rarely an excuse to make a deep statement about the isolation of deafness (no, seriously, when I go swimming, I go swimming) ... < br /> <br /> He also fails to complete the game, instead it becomes a story of a deaf woman who succumbs to a strong man. Although the original game ended with a more even plane, where both must accept themselves as they are, and where it must finally recognize its true voice, it is the movement of her hands, not the vibrations in her throat. > <br /> And despite all the breakthrough it may have seemed, Marlee Matlin remains a deaf symbol of Hollywood to this day.
