There is something for the most part of us, especially the guys who admire the populist dish for real men from the working class. And Sean Penn gives them to us with the icing on top. Hey, many people use Penna as a political whipping boy, but I do not judge movies or actors / directors based on politics or personality. Rightist commentators like the fictional film reviewer Debbie Schlussel. Although I admit that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think that this picture was a simple piece of pointless thrill, for which he has since repented. <br /> <br /> Okay, you mean that there's this good policeman, a small town soldier, Joe, playing against the type by David Morse, who in the opening scene is chasing a guy on a country road in big cars from the sixties. The bad guy stops, goes out, shoots him, so Joe must shoot him. There was no explanation what led this man to do such a desperate violence, and the deceased's parents were making some freaks at the police station, while Joe felt really sad and guilty that he had to kill somebody. So we know that Joe, a farmer forced to leave the country as a cop, is a good, basic type of guy. Then his brother Frank appears, a sadistic, amoral rogue, fresh from the Army and Nam, where the war has gained bloodlust. Some people here and in other reviews have just called him an irresponsible hell to raise a younger brother, and Sean was trying to say something about how John Wayne's hard culture and war was doing with good people, but what I saw was amoral, sadistic rascal likes to hurt and detach people. Then there's Mom and Dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the change they want as an old-fashioned rural couple, and then they die; she's sick and suicide with a shotgun to develop a story for us. Every time Frank a bad guy is unhappy SOB. But good Joe brings him from prison to Podunksville so that Frank can straighten his life by welding bridges and living with his stupid, screaming, cheesy, pregnant wife. But Joe has a nice wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican, and Sean uses it as an exercise in Joe's affirmative decoration and his true soul under the uniform and cut of the crew. For me, it was a completely pointless thread of affirmative action, which Sean uses to improve his beliefs by sucking in the Mexicans, because Mexicans are so hard and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is angry and we get the necessary events such as stealing a friend's car, robbing a gas station by beating an official over the head, and then setting fire to the car and all the cool things that infernally raise. Then there are the obligatory 8-mm film memories of young Joey, obediently moving lawn and cowboy, dressed Franky, jumping on the back and fighting with him and yadda yadda, so we all know what is the deep bond between them. <br /> <br /> So the movie revolves around with lots of little town to warm the heart of every red stater. The film was accompanied by a great soundtrack of good songs from the sixties, such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, which were completely inappropriate, except for the 1960s effect, to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst thing is that because the movie was inspired by the Springsteen song "The Highway Patrolman", this song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's dead wife starts bearing, and Joe runs up to the bar to load and pour some populists into a drunken victim about how hard things are, while good Joey comes to pull him off back to wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank is fooling around for no particular reason and beating his friend Caesar to death after good Joe the Cop comes out. <br /> <br /> So Joe chased his evil brother and I hoped he would do the right thing and throw this threat to society. Instead, we get a scene where his brother stops in front of him in some old junker from the 1950s on some lonely road at night, and little Franky in his cowboy suit and pistols hat goes out of the car to face good Joe, the child with retrospective 8 mm sequence of home movies. Oy, that's a dream! Then, to complete this grim festival of juices, there is some nonsense Zen about an Indian runner who is a messenger, becomes a message, ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did a lot better, so do not be afraid to miss it.
