If my memory is correct, when this movie was released, it turned out to be something like a comedy - a fun look at the adult entertainment industry. If it should be, it really does not work. It is not so funny. Putting aside a rather significant (because it is called a comedy!) Failure, because I do not have personal knowledge on this topic, I avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which concerns events behind the scenes at the Toronto massage salon, except that - if true - life is quite boring. <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this movie really does not give us anything but a certain knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is a newly employed massage salon manager, whose basic work is clearly to make sure that the girls do not give "full service" - a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own salon so that she can run her own business. Cindy is an illegal immigrant in Canada who works to support her family at home, and Leah is - well, Leah is a little strange, undefined figure with a fetish nipple - real - that seems to be in business because - well, because there is ! I have no idea what her character was about. These three can reasonably consist of heroes who accurately represent the motivations of women who engage in this business. <br /> <br /> The movie revolves around and does not offer much until the "twist" reveals that Conrad is going to be a bad guy. We should reach this point earlier. The only really interesting thing was this part of history - Conrad's secret plan and revenge against him by the girls. This plan of revenge was quite good and you're grateful when it comes out, because basically up to this point you are wondering why you wasted your time. If this story was more focused on revenge, it could be quite a funny movie. <br /> <br /> The performances of the 4 leads were fine, although I did not think anyone was so outstanding. All four figures were a bit shallow. Cindy was a nice character, like Conrad for a while, although it turns out he's a bad guy from the movie. Given the subject, there is a surprisingly low nudity (and what is there is limited to one scene). In fact, even in this area there is an atmosphere of innocence. As for the overall quality of the film, it is a low-budget effort that shows, although you expect a certain grimace, I suppose, a movie set in the context of a beauty salon, so this is excusable. Surely, however, something says it was released 8 years ago and is still the only loan for Soo Lyu's CV, and given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry, he was not even considered worthy of any Genie Award - the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm a bit generous.
