I caught this deadly movie bomb recently on the cable channel and I remembered how terrible I thought it was in 1980 when I first released it. Many reviewers are not old enough to remember the huge noise that surrounded the movie and the fight between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King. An extremely popular novel had legions of fans wishing to see the alleged "master" director placing this multi-layered supernatural story on the screen. "Salem's Lot" was already ruined in the late seventies as a mini television series directed by Tobe Hooper (he from "Texas Chainsaw Massacre") and was mistreated, changing the main villain of the book in "Chiller Theater" vampire without any real threat, destroying in this way, the whole assumption. The fans hoped that Kubrick's director's attitude would succeed where Hooper failed. It did not happen. <br /> <br /> Sure, this movie looks great and has a great opening sequence, but after all these achievements everything is down. Jack Nicholson can not be anything but Jack Nicholson. He is always crazy and did not bring anything here. I do not care that a lot of reviewers think that he is all in this clinker, "Here's Johnny!" Though I do not know ... he's just awful in this movie. So everyone else. Scatman Crothers' character, Dick Halloran, was key to the plot of the book, but Kubrick kills him in one of the worst 'shock' sequences ever shot in the film. I remember the audience in the theater. I saw it during a repeated whistling during the last 45 minutes of this unfortunate movie, those who stayed, ... many have stayed. King's books really do not translate well into a movie, because so many narratives appear internally on his characters, and often metaphysically. Kubrick has rejected the tension between the living and the dead in favor of the style here, and the resulting mess ends so far from the original material that we ultimately do not care what happens to whom. <br /> <br /> This movie still stinks and why so many believe that this masterpiece of horror is beyond me.
