WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want to reveal certain points before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With such a cast, you wonder if the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into. Did they see the script and say, "Hey, close encounters of the third kind were such a hit that it can not fail." Unfortunately yes. Did they even think about checking the director's references? I mean, would you make a movie with the director of the movie "Satan's Satan"? Greydon Clark, who later will lead the infamous "Final Justice", did it. This makes you wonder how people from the Mystery Science Theater 3000 could hit Final Justice and completely miss The Return. <br /> <br /> The action takes place in a small town in New Mexico. One evening a little boy and girl are on the street without supervision when a powerful beam of flashlight appears. In the possibly worst sequence of the special effects of the film, the ship spits out some red ink on them. It looked like Clark was holding a beaker of water from the lens and dipping a leaky pen into it, so you're immediately treated with cheese. In any case, the ship departs, and adults do not believe children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I consider a great actor (watch his scenes in "Ghost" as evidence, because they are outstanding), which the seeker plays, or what I called him, Miner 1949er. He comes out of the cave where he is, and he and his dog are faked by a ship. Twenty-five years passed, and the girl grew up on Cybill Shepherd, who works with her father, Raymond Burrem, in the study of unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that. Shepherd sees strange phenomena in satellite images over this small town in New Mexico and travels there to explore it. When it arrives, the local farmers harass it and blame it for the recent mass of cattle mutilations that have taken place, and the deputy Jan-Michael Vincent comes to her aid. From then on, the film really stretches when both of them quickly fall apart, especially after Vincent repels the locals and informs Shepherd that he was a young boy who had seen her ship twenty-five years earlier. While this boring mess is happening, Vincent Schiavelli, with his deadly dog ​​at his side, walks, killing cattle and all the people he encounters with an unusual object. Do you know that these shining plastic sticks store Halloween tricks that are shaking to shine? Schiavelli uses something that looks like one of these luminous sticks to burn incisions in people. This is the second worst effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli is on the screen with a glow stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly becomes dark as the filmmakers thought the filament needed this improvement. It ends with the fact that the film looks cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what does it lead to? It is difficult to say when the last, confusing scene appears. You see, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images that Shepherd found as a "business card", but nothing makes sense. Why are Shepherd and Vincent aging and Schiavelli not? Schiavelli explains why she kills cattle and people and why she wants the Shepherd dead, but even that does not make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why does not he kill John-Vincent Vincent? At least he was twenty-five years old. And the aliens will not need him if Shepherd is dead anyway, so why try to kill her? Speaking of aliens, you never know what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their purpose? Why are they waiting for intervention for so long? How could they be so sure Shepherd would come back? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would make "Return" more pleasant. You will still have bad lines, really bad acting, especially Shepherd, bad results and bad direction. Fortunately, the stars fled this movie. Soon, Cybill Shepherd starred in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent appeared in dozens of B films, often in the best parts. Raymond Burr was making piles of television films for Perry Mason until his death. Vincent Schiavelli has become a great actor in many films. Martin Landau, who played a weird law enforcement officer, quickly made a great game "Alone in the Dark" and a horrible "The Being" before playing in the movies he was famous lately. It can be assumed that none of these stars wants their career to return to "Return." Zantara score: 2 out of 10.
