I am a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his films Giallo and splatter are one of my all-time favorites, but this is a very weak movie for a TV movie, not what I expect from a great Italian director. The film is neither interesting nor some of the more tame works by Giulia Fulci, or bloody like most of its iconic classics; thus it is not in both main areas and ultimately ensures that the film is not very good. The film works on the basis of a story that has been used many times, but it is still an idea that always has the chance to emerge an interesting story simply because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife, which is the ultimate unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who is not well liked and after death because of a visible stomach haemorrhage, there are not many people who are sad when they visit him. This means that his spirit is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife, so he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this undertaking is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video that I saw this movie is proudly announced that the film is "HP Lovecraft style" and this is one of the most glaring attempts to sell the movie I have ever seen. Nothing resembles a great horror writer in this story, and the reason for this slogan seems to be the similarity of the title to Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft's movie "From Beyond" - which is much better. The film uses a clearly Italian style, and the result is rather good. Unfortunately, Fulci decided it would be appropriate to bake every scene in it - that's why the topic quickly becomes annoying. The story takes place in a really boring way, and most scenes simply engage the spirit of "desperate" trying to find things, or the daughter puts her suspicions on family members. This movie was made for Italian television, so it's not surprising that it's rather tame. There's some blood and a horrible zombie sequence; but this is not Fulci, whom we all know and love. In general, this movie is extremely average and is not a good reflection of Fulci's talents. It's not worth worrying about unless you're a Fulci companion.
