Now I'm a fan of the B movie genre, but this piece of garbage offends me forever. Above all, the brother Lizzy McGuire appears in the film as an annoying little child who is looking for his lost dog with three legs. Now, please, what a stupid ass is making a three-legged dog bug for a damn mutant crocodile, please? And another point to consider, why show that Dinocroc at the back of the cinema is huge, or actually in water? I believe that if the memory serves the thing spent about 2.6 minutes in water and was only shy about 6 feet high, it was a heartbreak. But the redemptive features of the movie were that it was so bad that I almost died of laughter, because believe me that bad behavior made me want to die. But the fact is that once again this thing is being created by another place of military research to train super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of everything bad E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget that the characters will see that we have jerk # 1 as a male trail and half-way decent chick (who does not know how to behave), how a woman leads to it. I'm talking WOW! The only thing worse than the action was, of course, that the characters spend about 2 hours on conversations and plan a long, complicated way of killing the dinok, just to fail and kill him in the usual way that could take about 15 hours of seconds to invent. All in all, this movie went beyond gay with random opera in the background and the fact that it was probably the most polite of all CGI monsters ever made, along with the fact that of course it was immune to bullets and bombs (otherwise they were not made for military DUH!). By far the best scene was that Lizzy McGuire's brother ran into the hut, and the dinokrok eats him, causing his head to burst with a snap I could add. I believe that it would be better to shoot between the eyes and then watch Dinocroc. And as for the director, I believe that we should get a group of people to hang it by the loop and, alternately, kick him in the crotch for wasting one and a half hours of our life, until he finally dies, and then I can continue to live.
