"Plan B" is a tariff strictly according to numbers, except for one thing. Surprisingly, I found it rather offensive. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of this movie and plays his usual, slender, selfish, snotty character that was really endearing in "Pretty In Pink" and has Since then it was NOT fun. Lattices do not even begin to describe its performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blond, fighting actor who (puffs!) Worries only about hair and puts down. Talk about the action form ... ugh. At least the other three characters are slightly addictive. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a grounded, optimistic, caring couple who have problems getting pregnant. However, since these are not drama whines, their roles are clearly considered boring and do not have enough time on the screen. Sara Mornell completes the cast, playing Gina, your nice and pretty young woman who simply can not find the right partner in love. I have seen this character a million times, but at least its performance overcomes some shortcomings due to the predictability of its situation. <br /> <br /> What surprised me in this film is a minor promotion of stereotypes. They introduced the Russian character only to ridicule him and make fun of the way he spoke. He was depicted as wild, unconscious and extremely shallow. However, they were warming up only because of ordinary gay nonsense. Gina decides to be gay because she is not lucky with the guys. Honestly. It was not that bad, except that they really exaggerated when Gina brought a lesbian to a Christmas party that her friends threw. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I'm sure all lesbians do this). She also got quite upset (as I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the courage to put on a lipstick (!). In the end, her date celebrates a party that goes on almost every woman, and says when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gays can not stay faithful even for a few hours, less months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in this statement.) Thank you.) This movie was based on a tired and predictable assumption to start, but the incredible performance of Cryer combined with an idiotic stereotype drowned this movie at lower depths of film . 2/10
