Imagine that by adapting James Bond's novel to the film, the filmmakers eliminated all the action and tension to make it child-friendly. Or if the television producer told Chris Rock that he can not cuss, that his specialties could be rated as PG. In the same way, the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" took on excitement and gore in favor of a melodrama for a younger audience. It created a monotonous story without complicating the book. Trying to make the story "Something wicked in this way" easier to imitate by children, the creators of the film eliminated the topic of good and evil both existing in each and the good that always prevailed over evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will, saving Jim by Charles Hallway and the defeat of the carnival. <br /> <br /> Willa's transformation into a riskier boy was silenced in the film. The scene in which the Witch Dust visits Will's house in the balloon was cut from the film. Instead, the green mist follows Jim and Will and gives them the same bad dream about the Witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will began to conquer his fear of doing things on his own. He gets onto the neighbor's roof and tears the balloon with his beak, defeating the Witch. "I'm sorry, Dad, he thought and sat down, smiling. This time it's me, alone, "Will decides when she prepares to face her (147). Removing this scene from the movie makes it impossible for us to understand that Will is becoming more and more adventurous. The film shows many examples of Will who is afraid to follow Jim, but never becomes curious as his friend. In the book, Will has a good, calm side and a "bad" side, like his Jim. In the movie, every boy has only one way of thinking that destroys Bradbury's subject, both good and bad, present in every person. <br /> <br /> In the book, Will saves Jim because of their friendship, but in the movie Charles Halloway saves Jim to pay off Jim's father. Will pulls Jim out of the carousel in Bradbury's novel, because he does not want his best friend to grow up without him. That's good with Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, he's saving Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the carousel, Jim "gestured with his other hand to walk in the wind, one part of it, a small, white, separate part that still remembered their friendship" (269). This shows that in Jim was good, who has the potential to continue to defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie, he does it to pay off the debt he owes to Jim's father who saved Will when he was a little boy. Changing motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers ruined Bradbury's original idea that winning with evil is good. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy, and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he can not stand it and evaporates. In Bradbury's world, bad people feed on fear and can be defeated only by happiness and love. His message is that good will always win evil, but only if goodness is expressed outside. "Good for evil seems bad," says Charles Halloway, when he keeps the dying Mr. Dark. "So I'll do you good, Jed. I will just keep you and see how you are doing "(275). In the film Mr Dark is the only one who remained on the carousel when a lightning hit him and he dies. By eliminating arms of laughter and smiles, filmmakers suggest that bad weather is the most effective way to overcome evil, as if the lightning struck only those who are angry. This takes away the main theme of Bradbury's book, which says that doing "good" against others protects against evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always triumph over evil, but the attempt to create more child-friendly films will always force filmmakers to omit some of the topics from the books on which they are based. In the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes," Will does not change, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not overcome the carnival. As a result, the filmmakers omitted too many Bradbury points. The process of adapting a book to a film too often destroys the world that the author has established. In the case of this story, the terrifying world of the opposite forces of good and evil has been reduced to a simpler version of the slayer.
