Before I start, you must know that I am a big fan of many of Sonny Chiba's films. His biographical series from the life of his master, Mas Oyama, was amazing and belonged to the best martial arts films ever made, just like most of his Street Fighter movies. The action was virtually non-stop and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner in the movie in the '70s. Because they are so good, I've seen at least 15 of his films and recently I bought a little more (which I'm watching). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I am NOT a stunned zombie who gives a man such a respect that I evaluate EVERY movie on 10. There are some reviews like here on IMDb and really I think that everyone who gives this film 10 should be ignored because it is such a bad film from a technical point of view and is not even close to Chiba's best work. The 10 result is not a real rating - it's a zombie fan trying to comment on Chiba, not this movie! As I said, technically this movie is terrible. Some of them were the result of my watching the American version of dubbing, with its unimportant prologue and bad dubbing. But most of the problem would still exist with the original Japanese print. Working with a camera is simply awful - as chimpanzees do (intelligent chimpanzees, but still chimpanzees). Often, a large part of the fast martial arts action is skipped because the camera is so slow or the tops of the actors' heads are cut off due to the trashiness of production. And again, the camera moves, as if it were a new toy used by an idiot, and the edition is unfortunate - with cuts made accidentally and confusingly. <br /> <br /> I do not know if the score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. Something like 1970s sour rock. Incorrectly mixed up with Ennio Morricone's "Western Spaghetti" - it was annoying, distracting and just stupid. <br /> <br /> When it comes to martial arts, I think that chimpanzees doing choreography would improve a bit. Instead of the big battle scenes you've been waiting for in the Chiba movie, the battles are too short and often do not go into the camera !! What's left of you is history ... and this MATCH can be the worst part of the movie! This is supposed to be an anti-narcotics film with Sonny Chiba in the role ... Sonny Chiba! And when the film begins, he vows the destruction of drug trafficking in Japan. But the mafia (in which there is not one member who looks like an Italian, but is ALL of Japan) vows to stop Chiba. And when a woman comes to promise to give him information about how to destroy drug trafficking, she agrees to help her and risk her life without conditions - even if she NEVER wants to tell him what she knows! In fact, she later turns out trying to use Chiba to protect her while she sells a big file full of cocaine - and he's still trying to protect her !! It makes no sense at all, and for most of the movie it looks like they just made a movie without a script - for example, when they went into bars and brothels and told Chibie to walk like he was drunk. <Br> <br /> So if it was so bad, why does it still deserve 3? Well, first of all, there are many more horrible films about marriage (such as many of those from Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with guys dressed in suits of a gorilla doing kung fu and their guardians with three long tongues they used fight (now BAD). Secondly, while the action is very bad compared to other Sonny Chiba films, it is not that bad compared to today's films. Still, you can do much better than this awful little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you're wondering if it's Sonny Chiba's worst movie, it's definitely not! In one of his first films, INVASION OF THE NEPTUNE MEN, Chiba plays a superhero wearing a tricot, who fights with pointy invaders from the planet Neptune. It is so bad that it competes with PLAN 9 FROM EXTERNAL SPACE and SAVES BRAIN HITLER for horrors. <br /> <br /> The final remark for parents - like most of Sonny Chiba's films, this one is very brutal and has its share of fools. DO NOT let young children watch this no matter how much they are begging! Make them wait for them to be older before you let them watch miserable films about martial arts-R!
