This is certainly one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and that says something. In the title you can hear the vocal of Viva Chiba, viva Chiba, soon you will sing to yourself stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia introduces drugs to Japan and one man will stop the vowel, of course it is our man Sonny Chiba. Karate Master offers his services to anyone who can provide information about drug lords. The woman comes over and becomes a bodyguard, but what are her true intentions? Let me tell you who cares? Soon, we are treated or tortured with a series of poorly choreographic fights and a bad story that becomes more and more funny at any moment. Sonny finally erases bad people with his karate skills, the end of history. Oh yes, this woman was broken too. Congratulations, maybe you've just watched the funniest movie in history. <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. What makes the video semi-observable is how bad the film can be. Some have already mentioned the infamous American intro introduced into the film. It's probably the most entertaining part of the movie and it's not fun. I would agree that it is worth watching it to see how bad the karate scene of the 1970s was. See how Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanging on his nuts, then turns the fat student (bad assembly) by hitting him in the throat. But in this movie everything is badly done. Terrible, unbelievable fights, counterfeit is false blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe and do not forget about history. One man who will eliminate the entire drug problem in the country? I bet. Fighting after the fight is ridiculous. It was the seventies when people still believed that karate is effective in combat, but Chiba introduces him to a new level with some of the nonsense depicted in this film. Let's see how he kicks the pistol in half, kicks the guy so much that it looks like he's got prosthesis and, of course, hacking the bottle, give me a break. Not to mention that it is very difficult to say what is happening in battles because it is so poorly filmed. One of the parts that was fun was that he broke the boys' arm through the door, giving him a break. WELL. When the action goes on, we are treated like blood, really artificial blood. Too say that it looked bad and is hardly said. Acting does not exist in this movie. Anyway, I do not expect much after the film of this caliber, if the action is good, but it was not, and as expected, dubbing is very weak. Was it my imagination or the Asian dancer dousing him with a black accent? As expected from the 70's wardrobe, you'll be laughing at some of the trends and nasty women advocating free nudity that accompanies these movies. Also why should the mafia be so obvious and where there are black trench coats and hats all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The heroes were stupid too. The pimp club owner is dressed in a Japanese pimp suit, and the other, who has a penchant for holes with his head, looks like a fat hippie. The last thing that bothered me throughout the movie was horrible music with some feminine whaling. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a horrible movie both because of martial arts standards and good film making. It does not mean it is not fun. When a movie is so badly made, it's hard not to laugh about most of the movie if you can stand it. It was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it were purely bad, I would give one star, but the laughter that it provides, conquer it. 4 out 10.
