Lil Bush is a 30-minute animated series consisting of 2 15-minute episodes shown on Comedy Central. It takes place in fictional cartoon Washington D.C. and focuses on the satirical, children's performances of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way and act as small figures. <br /> <br /> The pilot of the little Bush, as expected by this commentator, turned out to be rather shallow and esoteric production, which barely brings the results of his promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although it must be admitted that the premise of the series is SOME, although it would be difficult to imagine a performance based almost entirely on the denigration of a single political person who would survive to continue production after the expiration of his term, the execution can at best only be described as sloppy, and in the worst even nasty, it hurt this small potential. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as "satire", tends to underestimate his actual use of a particular comedy tool to alleviate his goals in an extremely vulgar (but not particularly original, funny or entertaining) way . Consistently weak writing often consists of little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere and placing them in one 30-minute television block. As such, most of the jokes presented by writers have been shameless stereotypes, some of which have been in public circulation for over 6 years. For example, comparing the vice president to Darth Vader could be fun in the first 300 times heard on Monologue Daily Show / Colbert / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno / any night talk show always, but it is not funny. As if that was not enough, the plot's story seems to exist simply as a means to develop the same old, tiring Bush who jokes that the writers have become the center of the program. <br /> <br /> In defense of the series, when writers dare to write in a really original joke (which seems rare), it is often a bit humorous. If the show was to slightly expand its depth and place its heroes in new situations, exotic situations, and not in the same old errors and quagmires, perpetuated by the Bush administration, they did not have to rely on the same old Bush jokes and once again the play can be considered too somewhat bearable, and maybe even innovative. <br /> <br /> It is ultimately difficult to determine which shortcomings cause the Lil Bush series to be the most harmful; its apparent lack of originality and poor writing, or its painfully narrow ambitions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush will be able to maintain a small number of leftist fans, that is, if they can bear an extremely weak letter; as long as the program continues to haunt the Bush administration. Nevertheless, most viewers will soon recognize the program, which is really a weak and senseless vulgar attempt of satire, and tune in for something more intellectually stimulating; Perhaps the price is right.
