Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point that it's fun. How important, how I try to convince myself, I just can not believe that anyone in this world could find it funny for serious reasons. I mean, give me a break, even the cover is bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely funny. These "carnoses" are really funny. The scientist tells soldiers that they are moving incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they run at speed ... an actor in a rubber suit, trying to run as much as possible. And the explosions are fun (there is no other word to describe them). At first, the missile hits the Jeep after the guys say "What was that?" ... And other explosions are also funny. But the worst is the script and the so-called history. You do not expect a good story (or I do not think anyone hiring this movie would expect a good movie), but at least the story must make sense. I mean how difficult it is to tell about dinosaurs that kill people at least consistent. Unbelievably hard if you look at it. Oh, and if you think it's easy to create reliable commandos as your heroes, tell the writers this awful, awful piece. I mean, what would a sick man do cheap jokes after the death of one of his buddies? And they do it a lot. And if you think a movie about dinosaurs killing soldiers can be at least full of action, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. Carnosaurs (who already came up with this bad name?) They attack (in boring sequences of actions in which little is happening). The soldiers are wondering how to defeat them (in incredibly funny scenes, in which they try to really be serious, but they can not convince even one second). So they attack carnosites, but their idea does not work (another funny sequence of actions). Returning to planning (with a few bad jokes) in another funny scene. And it lasts and lasts and continues. And let's not forget about acting that is as persuasive as special effects ... and history ... Oh OK, this movie just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
