OK. I had more hope for this Carnosaura movie because it seemed that the sequels were getting better and better when they came out. I did like Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought it was newer, so it must be better, right? Well ... I found out quickly that I was wrong. I was very confused with the casting. They brought Rick Dean to another hero and Michael MacDonald as a policeman. Now for Rick Dean Lola, in Carnosaur 2, I thought that he fit the role quite well and was not pissed off by him, now in Carnosaur 3 wow they put him as an elite soldier. Now we are stupid here. The movie began quite well with decent weapons and dinosaurs fleeing small trucks with freezers, but as soon as the band Scott Valentines appeared, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very funny performances of late dinosaurs. br /> <br /> First I will start with the raptors, they had tails stretched on the ground, which in the second were in the air, which looked more typical for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. Now, when they fled, they moved back and forth, and their heads did not move at all. their hands were sagged all over the place, and because they were badly shot by the director, they looked stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> T-rex was extremely pathetic, it would be better if he used one of the previous 2 movies. At least this one looked a bit scary. The one in this movie looked like he was smiling all the time. His legs, when he walked, were hilarious, as if John Wayne in the old west had stiff legs and stuff. Another thing that I noticed is that the hands did not move, they got stuck in their body, so it looked and sounded (God, the sound effects were awful) delayed !!! Now, if I was a director and realized that I had it to work, maybe I would like to hide the fact that it broke down a bit more difficult. As for the rest of the movie, it was the lightest and loudest military band I've ever seen. The weapons they used would not make sense in the scenario. They even had an armwrestling scene in the warehouse where they were circling, now I was tickled on this scene because I thought that while this stupidity continues, Dinos will get there and cause some damage. Instead, the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to look at this film as a movie for three about dinosaurs. You have a delayed army, delayed dinosaurs, a delayed scenario and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend that day. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying that I would not watch it, because I actually recommend it to everyone, to see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem that I'm oppressing, but I'm really turning this movie into what it is. It's really fun because when you look at it, you think, "did the director really take it seriously?"
