I really can not see the real added value of this movie. This is not bad enough to be fun. There is no abomination or unjustified nakedness (although there were many occasions). There is no blood. There is no tension in the first hour of the movie, because there are many scenes in which the tourist has a party and natives playing funky tribal music. This last part was really funny on many occasions: You see how these natives hit congas and jembés and that's what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass line to the soundtrack. Where was the bass player? At some point, the natives get angry and start to kill tourists. Why suddenly? This is due to the fact that bad white people are building this tourist complex, which according to their myth awakened the anger of the god-alligator-river (I actually missed the explanation of this). But the natives helped for several months in building a tourist complex, so where did this sudden anger come from? And how the hell did they manage to push the helicopter into the water? It's all stupid and pointless. This film also contains the ugliest African American model I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> At some point, our heroic leading couple visits this cave where a strange, crazy old man lives. The only point on this scene is that they make a "shocking" discovery that the crocodile-killer is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, made of plastic and eats people. It's all for me. An alligator is a rather silly creature. He is very stiff and immobile, and he does not even wave his legs when he is swimming. The eyes do not even move when they are shot in close-up. I think they did not know "animatronics" back then in Italy in 1979. There are also many aimless shots of local wild animals. I suspect it's a movie material. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was pretty bad, and the only reason I did not turn off the movie was because my cat was sleeping on my lap, and I do not want to wake up the sweet thing. But the last half hour of the movie has become better. In the end, we see some action when the alligator flows through a horde of panicking people, snapping their teeth and eating on them. The most fun (and at the same time fun) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive the van across the bridge and collapse. We look at the version of the van sinking in the river here. Funny. But nicely shot. In fact, there are several other nice, moving cameras. Surprisingly for this type of films. I wanted to point out some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to spoil it completely, in case you decided to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away. If you want to see a good alligator movie, see Lewis Teague's ALIGATOR. I admit that one is not Italian and is not a rip off of JAWS, but it is certainly more fun. And if you are interested in other films of director Sergio Martino, I definitely recommend the very fun 2019: AFTER THE YORK'S NEW YEARS. This is an exaggerated rupture with every possible existing post-apocalyptic movie of the doom future. "Italians" and "rip-offs", two words that match each other very well.
