Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best underestimated American actors of our time and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a cop in the case of a serial child killer. Most of Hopper's films have always played in psychotic threats that threaten to blow you up or go crazy, but in this movie Hopper tried to keep that intensity and emotions by wearing a shield. Once I entered the story of the film, I was addicted, but these are only small things that ultimately murdered the film. <br /> <br /> The concept of the film is great - not only the cops are on the move catching the killer, but we have a chance to see how gangsters act in catching the killer. The plot of the football stadium is ridiculous, but necessary to engage gangsters in the hunt for the killers. <br /> <br /> That's all you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act like a hard, experienced street policeman, I can not help feeling that his acting is below normal, and there was not enough conviction that he was really attached to the matter. The director was also terrible - she did not have the sense of a real movie, but rather a television production. This is most visible when gangsters meet for the first time, creating an elite team that hunts the killer. When the leading gangster shoots in slow motion to the second verbal gangster, the acting was weak, predictable and terribly unsettling. Then I learned that the 1st thing, the action will be terrible. <br /> <br /> The fishing of the camera was amateur, and the killer's younger sister's scene or haunted images did not have a real distinctive effect. If it was to be frightening, it was not. Everyone behaved horribly, and even for Hopper I did not feel his character and I just did not care too much about his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most is the swat team. When I saw the swat team in action, I thought at last about something good. But I was wrong. The first of them, the entire SWAT team consisted of 4 guys. It is simply impossible. The second of them apparently has no training, because many times in the film with one hand they hold HKA4 machine guns. If the killer hid near the stairs with the shotgun, these four idiots would be torn to pieces, because they did not even aim at anything or pay attention to it. They should have both hands directed forward, but it looks like they do not approach the job seriously and they just hang around. Thirdly, members of the SWAT team do not shout for commands such as: "Keep your eyes open, watch yourself, it is good to go ... etc." They actually use hand signals or radio. But they are literally yelling at each other - how are you to catch the killer when he hears you coming? And in addition, these guys do not have a plan - apparently they just run up and down, chasing wild turkey. In the end, they do nothing. It was the last straw. I'm not an expert on special forces, but basically what I just presented is quite healthy. When the audience knows that the movie is terrible, the action becomes a life saving film - when you can not even make the effort to make the action great, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be counted. If you want to watch a crime thriller, do not worry about it. There are a lot of crimes in the film - but they lack emotion.
