Counteracting monopolistic practices is part of the category of films that aspire to achieve some great point, and at the same time they are uplifting, but they fall out completely. I do not hate the movie, but it lacks key elements such as tension. There were other attempts to create an addictive movie about computers like Hackers and The Net. Everyone can not. The impossible ending of both the network and the antirust seems to be almost identical. These film endings suffer from one huge mistake in perception: people in the personal computer industry, possessing this excessively lenient ego, which assumes that the general population is alive, that life is waiting for the latest news about computers and software. I have worked in many companies and industries and everyone seems to suffer from an extended view of their own self-importance, just like this movie. <br /> <br /> The way they introduced the story lines was pathetic. Showing Milo, who is mortally allergic to sesame seeds, almost swallowed one of the restaurant granaries crossed the line of stupidity. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from certain death. This makes you wonder how Milo could have survived as long as possible, facing the dangers of Big Mac bread rolls and sesame seed sticks as they cover themselves ... And big sesame seed sticks and Big Mac breadsticks . <br /> <br /> Counteracting monopolistic practices also does not provide too much tension. Patterned and predictable twists can easily be predicted long before they are revealed (give me peace, was anyone REALLY stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying the real value of the shock. And here again, we have another movie / story in which at the end of bad guys are chasing good guys to "get the disc". We must have a moratorium on this story of Simple Simon for about 20 years. Nevertheless, I continued. Maybe ending would be a payment, but no. A completely absurd ending, in which we have a company security boss, another alleged bad guy, we turn our backs and we're a good guy who lets Milo overthrow the General Manager of N.U.R.V Gary Winston. And, of course, Gary Winston's arrest report is more hectic than when Hinckley or Oswald was arrested. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cut-out of the same character that Robbins played on Arlington Road. But it fits perfectly well with Antitrust, which should be called "Anticlimactic" or "Anti-Original". <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this movie will probably be banished to be shown only on the local third UHF channel.
