When I sat down to watch this movie, I was expecting quite a lot, because the story takes quite complex problems. Interesting was also the use of football as a starting platform for complications. Still, despite the courage to deal with controversial issues, such as cultural clashes between Muslim and Western cultures, adding generational conflicts and prejudices against gays / lesbians, this allows you to solve with a rather simplified relief for all the tension growing throughout the film. This leads me to the impression that the creators took on too much to deal with, trying to be deeper, and then coped with. <br /> <br /> This does not mean, however, that the film is directly bad, because it is a conflict in which it is quite credible and funny. Film manages to be drawn in and entertained in this matter, but as mentioned above, the writers seem to be turning a little too deeply. This led to some unrealistic behavior at the end to face violent conflicts. By dropping the ball at a time when the creators really could demonstrate their brilliance by moving the film to a different level of recognition. <br /> <br /> Even if the film does not try to be a deep drama in any moment, the setting has such a big potential in the story that it becomes a disappointment when the ball falls. In this way, the film goes from being a good and reflected comedy to a standard banality, which becomes funny in a happy ending. In the Hollywood ending, nothing has been missed. So even if the story is addictive and you can stand a large number of montages, you can not refrain from looking at the resolution. Personally, I was close to shouting "finish now !!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was some decent action in the film, and the two young heroines had good moments. Their parents and other characters did the same. However, the handsome Irish trainer was an embarrassing piece of acting, which allows the movie to slow down somewhat in realism. He did not even seem very nice, but rather engaged despite his good deeds, which makes the upcoming conflict between the girls seem a bit tense. <br /> <br /> I gave the movie to 4, because it was an engaging story and they were looking for a nice perspective to get to the topic. The screenplay and cast had many credible characters, giving viewers a chance to recognize themselves or others. If the competition were not so disappointing, it would be easy to give a movie 7 or 8. If you liked this movie, I would recommend the film East to East, which in my opinion is equally good, if not a better presentation of cultural conflict, as well as being fun and engaging .
