I saw the trailer of this movie a few months before it was released, and MAN looked terrifying, especially how the movie was based on the phenomenon of real life. I was incredibly interested and I thought that it might finally be a decent horror / thriller after all these years, if it's nonsense. Well, you know how film trailers make the movie look better than it can: by showing all the frightening parts or over-dramatizing some elements. The commercials of the film did both, which led to my final disappointment. <br /> <br /> In no case is this "the most disturbing movie for years". Hell, I doubt it would be the most disturbing movie of the week. This film is too much of a matter of fact. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete. I must admit that I was interested in this and that Micheal Keaton was credible as a man seeking answers with supernatural means. Besides, however, this movie is one big cliché. After the death of his wife, John learns about EVP, which transmits the voices of the deceased into everyday electronic devices. He suddenly receives messages from his wife! My God! It's not just his wife that reaches him, it's other dead people. Oh, imagine that. A movie about helping the dead. Come on, give me a break! Cliches do not end there. There is also a trick with stopping the clock at the same time as the night and three evil ghosts that threaten our hero. Not just a movie film, but it was not terrible. The movie literally had two jump scenes, and the two scenes are almost identical. The ending is terrible because it leaves the WIDE OPEN door to continue. There is also a final message with the message that only one of the X voices heard by EVP threatens with a pleasant melody. A way to break the mood. Jesus! Finally, if you want another forgotten horror movie, see White Noise. The only reason why I might think someone will watch this movie is because he is a Keaton fan or that he is interested in EVP. Of course, aspects of EVP can be a bit interesting, but I do not like that my film concepts will be pushed into my throat and blown up. This film tries to be frightening, original and disturbing, but it is just the opposite. You know that you have a bad movie when ads use ghosts to talk about the movie. "I SEE THIS FILM MORE".
