The life of John Rivers as an architect and a family man turned into the worst when his wife disappeared and ended up dead after a bizarre accident that involved changing the tire in her car. In the days she disappeared, he confronts the man he followed and tells him that he contacted his late wife on the other hand by E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Naturally, he does not believe it, but then hears strange phones from his phone, so he contacts a man to learn more about E.V.P. Soon, John is attached to it, but the supernatural does not like that he interferes with the dead, because now others, contacting his wife, white noise predicts events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD has been on my shelf for some time, I thought that I would look better because it was not my copy. But again, I do not think the owners are in a hurry to get him back because they did not ask me about it. Well. So I decided to play because I was in a low mood. After hearing and reading the whole broken press, I did not expect anything good, but I was entertained for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes, because the last half hour was a blur. Film is nowhere as good as it could be, but the time was quite fast, although it is a rather cool supernatural thriller. I thought it was not all. For the first hour I found some interesting sequences, and at the same time slow progress of the subtle silence and tragedy that haunts you, causes terrifying horror, but unfortunately, the film breaks down later. It is then that frightening predictable jumps come into their own and somehow just do not match the context. It becomes rather hectic, loud and very confusing thanks to MTV-style editing and kinetic camera work that is approaching the action. I could not understand what was happening in the cramped and sudden climax. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the larger picture is a pure hokey. This is a very unsatisfactory conclusion, because it is about something big, but it hits the bottom. I thought that they have done a great job so far with lighting and a spectacular camera. In addition to the clear harsh lighting, the score kept the movement in a grim mood. All this is very smooth thanks to the shiny and fancy equipment that makes it very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> It is easy to see that the heart of the film lies in technical elements, not in the expansion of character and history. In this poor material there is no connection and no lasting sentiment. After a moment, he tries to convince you that he falls into manipulative emotions and appears in many bleeding things outside the grave. It just recurred that somebody was watching the TV screen faint after a while. The E.V.P machine was the star of the series. Well, it had more influence than inertia. Michael Keaton is more than a talented actor, but recently he has disappeared from the map and here provides a modest performance as dangerously obsessive John Rivers. But he really deserves a lot more. Everyone else is quite fragile and forgotten. Not because of performances, but because of their lack of depth. This cluster was not bad at first, but pear-shaped going away drastically. <br /> <br /> I would not like to see it and recommend it to anyone, unless you have interest in the subject and enjoy the latest productions of Hollywood horror / thriller. It is a pity that this excessively produced film could not successfully combine it, because it had a promise of ideas and more than a decent throw on the hand. I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
