Absolutely one of the worst films of the year. The story is ridiculous, the characters are poorly developed, and the premise is annoyingly stupid. It all starts when Michael Keaton, who does nothing remarkable since Batman, loses his beautiful wife, Anna, in a car accident, probably caused by running one of these convertible VW bugs, though he is supposed to be rich. In his sorrow, Batman moves to a new apartment and takes a hobby: recording and watching. He learned it from a really fat, pathetic guy who was murdered by three tall dark comrades who lived on his TV set. He soon begins to see people dead thanks to EVP, or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which apparently is a contract where dead people can send messages to living people using tape recorders, video cameras, dead cell phones ("Calling Anna's cell phone ... she's ... MARTWA! ... They must be ghosts Mhmmm. No other possible explanations, I'd better start with that mindlessly. ") Etc. Why can not they just write something on a piece of paper or knock out some things to create creative pictograms never is explained. In the end, Batman discovers that he really sees the future and decides to help the woman he does not know. He gets out of his house just in time, because those dark guys are coming in right after he exits ("D * me, I can travel between the living and the dead with electronics, but I will be d * mned if it can be on time! Am I right? (agree with astonishment).)). She follows this woman in the magazine and learns that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (look hard, or you miss him) is a serial killer working for three tall dark demons who in Raiders of the Style of the Lost Ark falls down and kills him, looking like a cartoon. That's when some detectives appear and save a woman. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a message from behind the grave, apologizing to his son for being an idiot, apparently feeling that the best way to protect his kid from the horrors of EVP is to put him in danger. A small child just smiles. Nothing changes this guy, even when his father, Batman, of course starts talking to televisions. The climax of the movie was the ringing of someone's phone and some guy shouted: "It's Anna!".
