Throwing bones to choose from: David Jannsen was 38 years old, he played the father of Robert Drivas, who was 31 at the time (yes, I realize that he should just be out of college, but the directions in the screenplay make him be a slacker, so he probably has 24 years -25 in the script --- who still puts Jannsen in the parent classes in Junior High). I assume that AMA wrote a medical miracle in 1938 in medicine. This film has not aged at all, and now its main attraction is simply to see a picture of Sin City, around 1969 and all the incessant burning, strange hair (Drivas has a nuclear comb that reminds him of a well-croomed hip Cousin It) and fashionable fashion that accompanied him. If anyone remembers, LV was not exactly London ... the city coddled mafia gamblers and writers at the time. Drivas are sexually ambiguous; his father thinks he can be gay (in sad irony, Drivas himself died of AIDS at the age of 47), and soap conflict comes from the problem of generation gap (ahem, as if you can call a gap 7 years). Sonny wants to be his own man, and dad wants to drag him into the casino (Caesar's Palace!) And gives him girlfriends (including the horny for money Edy Williams). Interestingly, the son does not mind thinking that he is gay --- unusual for now, and the lovely Brenda Vaccarro is nearby to swoon over him platonically. What nudity is terribly bad - just what was needed to attract the audience to the "R" evaluation in the early days of the MPAA evaluation system (which was then G-M-R [16] - and X). The edition is HORRIBLE and there are no stupid, stupid overdubs of The Committee (late-avante-garde comedy troupe from the late 1960s who lovingly disappeared from the map in a few years). Don Rickles is on board as a blackjack salesman ... apparently preparing him for the role of a floor manager in a much better CASINO two decades later. Not to give anything back, but they would deal with Mr. Rickles's figure with power tools and a hole in the desert. Curiosity at best, far from the simple caliber of Joshua Logan's work. Dos / Dias. Now watch the CASINO again ...
