New York, I Love You, or rather, "Manhattan, I Love Looking At Your People In Love", is an accurate example of the difference between telling a story and a situation. For example, look at the two segments of the movie in which Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on the street and talks to her with intolerable sexy talk and the other with Orlando Bloom trying to get a movie with the director's unbelievable request to read two books by Dostoyevsky. While the latter is not a great story in any episode, at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, when the composer tries to get, gets Dostoevsky dropped on his lap, and finally gets some help (and maybe something more) from the girl, with which he spoke as a link between him and the director. However, Ethan Hawke's scene is nothing and feels like a fluke added or directed by a filmmaker who called her (or, moreover, Hawke with the Before Sunrise and Reality Bites combination). /> <br /> What's unpleasant in the whole movie, we see that several historical works that really work well are contradictory to one or two "stories" and then to other situations that merge or overlap. each other (ie fragments with the participation of Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It is not even that the film set is almost always in * Manhattan *, not in New York in Queens or Staten Island or Bronx (even, say, Harlem or Washington Heights) - there is not much diversity, because there is a bit of it. This is the lack of imagination that can be found in spades, for better or worse, in Paris J'taime. This has little to do with New York, with the exception of passing references, and in the worst case (Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf) is incomprehensible at a level that is terrifying. <br /> <br /> So, basically, wait for the television and try to immerse yourself in the movie, or in three scenes: the previously mentioned Bloom / Christina Ricci segment, which is charming; film directed by Brett Ratner (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story of a teenager taking a girl in a wheelchair to the ball just to meet with a great surprise; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a lovely, fairly old couple walking around Brooklyn on the 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be omitted, including the directorial debut of Natalie Portman and the return of brother Hughes (only one, Allan) to the screen. A mixed bag makes this slightly more prominent: it's like having to search a bag of mixed nuts full of shitty nuts to find some almonds.
