I was always a bit disappointed with the original work of Joe Dante THE HOWLING (1981)? so I was not particularly interested in checking its subsequent parts; some time ago I caught HOWLING III: THE MARSUPIALS (1987) ?? the same director as this one? and it turned out that it is possible to see, but nothing special. <br /> <br /> The second part, however, has quite a bad message and I knew that I would have fun watching it? if it is mainly to dive into the eyes of the expensive but pompous icon of horror, Christopher Lee snakes in the middle of it all (the gracefully aged star has repeatedly assured many times in interviews that he has not appeared in a horror-oriented tariff since the last photo of Hammer Films in 1976!). Anyway, this movie should have the words "Your Movie Is A Turd"? astoundingly inept in all departments (from the most important werewolf make-up)! <br /> <br /> The plot (and dialogue) is not only horrible, but has the most obvious relationship with Dante's movie ?? Strangely enough, the author of the original novel Gary Brandner wrote it himself! Still, one of the undeniable advantages (er ... low points) of the film is a pointless elliptical edition? which tries to give the whole appearance of style, but only serves to emphasize its embarrassing factor! Similarly fake (and grating) are hokey transitions between scenes, an inane punk-rock theme and special effects of cheapjack at the climax of the moment! <br /> <br /> And what about the heroes?: Lee is an expert on werewolves, of course, who does everyone consider a freak? until they come into contact with the monsters, it means; At least, however, one must admire the creativity of the creators (or the gala) in developing a silly subtitle of double meaning! By the way, Sybil Danning (like Stirba, Werewolf Bitch? A subtitle that is known in the UK!) Is pretty cool in the assortment of scandal S & M costumes ... but her character has practically nothing to do (except to chair her offspring of followers and from time to time engage in fun, tripartite lycanthropic sex!); her two growling lieutenants (one of them sloppy black girl) are particularly annoying. <br /> <br /> Helping Lee on the side of good is the two heroes of yuppie (he is the brother of the character Dee Wallace from the first movie and her friend) and frayed band Transylvians (still easily overcoming the rather stupid werewolves Danning!). Of note is the dwarf with a knife thrower who experiences a particularly nasty (but at the same time splitting) fall; later he revived under Stirby's control to lure Lee (making childish mockery on the village's streets) into a trap. This last scene must be nadir career for an outstanding and impressive actor ?? Well, either this or the early sequence in the disco where Lee is forced to put on a pair of super cool sunglasses to look inconspicuous among partying youngsters! <br /> <br /> Finally, if I am forced to mention elements that were not completely dissatisfied, I think I can say that the ossuarium set (in which the heroine is to be sacrificed) is interesting, or that the hybrid werewolf creature / bat (Danning's animal that likes to "dwell" the "body of his victims" is too strange to despise him ...
