An ugly shot, a badly written script and an amateurish sequel to the classics of Joe Dante from 1981. "The Howling" is one of two or three ONLY good werewolf movies ever made, but he was "rewarded" by a series of unpleasant and unbearable sequels like this one. If it's some consolation, "Stirba" is a continuation only by name and has absolutely no relation to the characters or events that were introduced in Dante's movie. The plot revolves around the bloodthirsty worship of Transylvanian werewolves? mainly female? run by Stirba. Stirba plays Sybil Danning, who instantly transforms from the curve of an old woman into a blond super-baby (with impressive breasts) and becomes completely hairy when she is sexually aroused. Her archenemy plays seemingly fatigue Christopher Lee. Its nature ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? he is an occult researcher who travels to the kingdom of Stirby, accompanied by an American couple who lost her friend to worship werewolves. In case you are looking for only dirty blood and unpaid nakedness ... this is your movie. Even the smallest killing is shown in great detail, and we even treat exploding eyeballs and a vile image of a dwarf that is pierced on a pointy fence. However, if you want some substance or depth, you will be very disappointed. Dialogues are embarrassing and there is absolutely no tension to detect. Screenwriters still seem to confuse werewolves with vampires (Transylvania's surroundings, garlic, wooden pegs ...), and Danning's magnificent balcony is shamelessly used as the only cinematic treasure. During the final movies, the shot in which she breaks her top, is repeatedly edited (according to my colleague reviewer, Dr. Gore, no less than seventeen times!), Which is quite pathetic and pointless. The music is fine, and some of the scenery is rather beautiful. I'm talking about scary looking statues during the initial inscriptions and dark dungeons of Stirby Castle. Directed by Philippe Mora is a huge mess and ?? what about me? his only valuable film remains "The Beast Within", released three years earlier.
