The Howling II begins when it comes to the bizarre and surrealistic narrative of Christopher Lee, whose image overlaps a moving star field, and for some reason a skeleton appears. He says: "because it is written that the inhabitants of the Earth were intoxicated with its blood. And I saw her sip on the hairy beast, and she held the golden challenge full of the most filthy harlotes, and on her forehead was written, behold, I am a great Mother #a inaudible word that I could not understand no matter how many times I rewound the tape and tried, sorry # and all the abominations of the Earth. " This opening narrative means nothing and is simply bizarre. After the initial inscriptions, which are set in the Transylvanian architecture pictures, we get a caption on the screen that informs us that we are in "Los Angeles, California, the city of angels". I knew that I played for a long 86 minutes. Probably not long after the events of the original Howling (1981) and the funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony with brother Karen Ben (Reb Brown) talks "occult investigator" Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says that Karen is a werewolf and that he will come back to life. Ben rejects such nonsense. But along with one of Karen's friends, Jenny (Annie McEnroe), he visits Stefan in his home. Stefan tells them about the werewolves and how they can be killed, says Stirba (Sybil Danning), who is the queen of the werewolves. Stefan also shows them a picture taken at the funeral of Karen, a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is an extremely dangerous and dangerous werewolf who wants Karen. Stefan says he puts any werewolves through the heart with titanium. Ben learns that Stefan means he will smoke Karen, so he and Jenny go to the cemetery, where his sister's crypt is to stop Stefan. However, many Werewolves appear and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They will survive the attack and find out that Stirba can be found in Transylvania. They all decide to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirba and her Werewolves from taking over the Earth by fulfilling the centuries-old curse. There they go to a small town called Vlkava, which means "where do the wolves live" and meet with a local priest, father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of werewolves hunters, hey, what else can I call? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana who, they hope, will lead them to Stirby. But Stirba knows about Stefan's arrival and plans for Ben and Jenny for him. Will Stefan be able to put an end to Stirba's plans for world domination? Will this film become more bizarre or surreal? Watch and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora is one strange mess in the movie. It's poorly edited because some sequences just jump incoherently. The biggest problem is the script by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner based on his novel, which is everywhere and does not make sense or presents us with the right characters we like. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and it is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or strange always happens to ensure entertainment for the viewer. Most people probably can not stand it, but for those of us who like "bad" movies, it's the best of them. There are the Werewolf orgies, which are just weird to watch. We get a nice weapon to kill Werewolf. Sets and locations just seem out of place, and I do not know if it was actually shot in Transylvania, but it does not look like I thought in the mid-1980s in Transylvania. Stirba Castle is part of the dungeon, part of the Gothic castle and partly a modern luxury house. Stirba and the costumes of her servants are very exaggerated, Stirba wears a dress that looks like he belonged to the S / M movie and to be honest with her, she looks pretty sexy, and her minions also wear skimpy leather clothes. Special makeup effects range from good to poor, the dwarf's eyes explode, someone has a broken hand and the priest has some creature emerging from his mouth, but this is not a movie filled up, although there are many effects sequences with Werewolf transformations and attacks. There are plenty of nudity, like Stirba, and her servants are a true pair of Werewolves! I should also mention music, the soundtrack is dominated by the horrible rock music I hated and it ended up reducing the volume. Acting is weak and what did Christopher Lee wonder about when he accepted this movie ?! I wonder what he thinks about it. Essentially, the whole thing is a real mess, but I think it's quite an entertaining mess. You can not recommend it, but I watched it all the time. Speaking of which subtitles end up with what seems to be removed scenes and cut out material, it also contains the same shot of Sybil Danning, who takes off her dress and reveals her breasts probably more than 20 times! If it's your business.
