I must add a separate comment here. The various reviews I have read have compared this film to such as Wong Kar Wai and Hou Hsiao-hsien. this is one of the admirable tangerine flotilla that has emerged in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not quite accurate. The film sounds more like a film school graduate's attempt to imitate these masters. All songs are there - beautiful background, unclear minimalist dialogue, slow camera swinging, and especially male characters who spend time sitting and contemplating. It sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is fine. Dialogue is leaden. The actor is generally unable to pick up the character above the type; marriage and younger sister are especially poor and uninvolved. Unfortunately, when the average action of the character is combined with the classic plot "Chekovian" (ie very predictable), the results are at best tedious, and at worst painful. I could not resist watching, for example, the scene of "Blue Danube", which borders on the parody of the genre (though smoggy looking "spring" sky on the river provided some black humor ...) Actually, I went to this movie based on the fact that Mark Li Ping he photographed him. Although the setting is elegant, and the rocking camera tries to recreate the mood of "Shanghai flowers", the film is not in the same league, visually. In fact, I must admit that after an hour of wondering whether the script or acting was ruining the movie, I suddenly remembered that I was to meet my roommate for dinner and take the opportunity to leave (and I can not remember the last movie I left). I'm guessing from the review that the ending could leave a positive aftertaste, but at the moment I did not care. If you would like to see something similar to real talent, I'd recommend anything to the above-mentioned two directors, for example "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", which were filmed by the talented Mr Ping (the first with Chris Doyle) and both are films masterful enough to inspire years of failed emulation in this way. Often, Mr. Hoberman leads me astray and you may prefer to listen to him, but do not say that you have not been warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
