This is the first of the BBC series "The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare" that I've seen, and if all of them are like that, I can not watch anymore. Being a virtually full text of the show, everything that Romeo and Juliet has to do is lacking in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrible director, both technically and artistically. In the first one, because he makes mistakes that even a first-class student will avoid wisely. Consider, for example, a poorly edited first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or sister entry to Brother Lawrence's cell, asking where Romeo is with him so much before her that he clearly sees him if she was blind. And in the latter, because each of the performers is badly targeted, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly like I always imagined Juliet, and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance is completely out of place. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse, being not only as boring as Juliet, but also much too old and not too handsome, seen as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and Chucky doll. Connecting them does not let you think that they feel something for themselves, let alone being the main players of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his debut on screen, plays Tybalt, as if he was Darth Vader, which is a huge mistake that deprives the complexity intended by Shakespeare, no character is a hero or villain, but all flawed people. This Tybalt is so vile that we do not believe the pity of the characters after his death. As for Paris, I was thinking about "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to make the character of the nurse a little justice. <br /> <br /> After 168 minutes, this production is not able to force us to empathize with heroes, because the characters do not feel sorry for themselves and never see that they believe in their roles. The best version of the screen is still Franco Zeffirelli. But to be honest, this BBC is not as bad as abominations such as the extravagant version of George Cukor, or the crime against humanity, which is a full-length MTV movie by Baz Luhrmann. 4/10.
