Seemingly "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team responsible for "An American in Paris", joined forces with many great craftsmen and women for their previous collaboration. Gene's main lady is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers in the 1940s and 1950s cinema, and unlike the general "It's always fair weather", this film gave them a chance not only for one thing but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were an emerging band behind such future hits as "My Fair Lady" and the musical masterpiece Minnelli "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli have already demonstrated their optimistic joint juices on the excellent "American in Paris". <br /> <br /> What happened on the way? Why is the film itself so stupid? Minnelli himself did not want to make this film, despite his earlier warm artistic and personal relations with Lerne. Perhaps because the inherent conservatism of the film was a bit too big for MGM, and a step back for Vincente Minnelli. But when imprisoned in this task, like the inhabitants of Brigadoon, are trapped inside the city, Minnelli tried to turn it into something that would be fun in a particularly distracting, if not liberating way. The final result is really terrifying. <br /> <br /> Aiming at the naive charm of previous Minnelli hits such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis, "checked tights of Brigadoon residents will not conjure anything from the illusory nostalgia of these never-existent places. His fantasy does not even match the shiny gloss "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate" because the settings on the heights seem too specific for such an exotic fantasy and too general for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon that I can at least refer to are the unhappy people who are trying to escape and the unfortunate colleague of Van Johnson's trip, who accidentally shoots him. General proceedings in the small town of Brigadoon are too mysterious and provincial to be attributed to the backward form of Christianity: in their aspect they seem to be pagan. For example, in exchange for the immortality of Brigadoon, the honorary and generally "good" pastor in the city sacrificed his place in the allegedly blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At some point, we are sure that "everyone is looking for my own Brigadoon. "Suffice it to say that the box office confirms my suspicion that most of us are not looking for this quasi-bland paradise. The premise is ridiculous and almost offensive patronizing, but it could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly himself is the most condescending in this movie, and Charisse is terribly ill-treated as a pristine optimist in the same way that Lucille Bremer was confused in "Yolanda and the Thief." Van Johnson makes his best version of the classic helper Oscar Levant for Kelly (even lighting 3 cigarettes at one point, like Levant in "AIP"), and he provides a lot of fun moments. But he says something in itself, if the best part of the great budget extravagance with all of MGM's best talents is van Johnson.
