I often feel compelled to negatively criticize the film; After all, I often feel the maxim "if you do not have anything good to say, do not say it at all", it would be a good advice for many people who listen to each day that they play in the things we like. If the reader is the same, I feel compelled to point out that with the one exception of Christopher Walken in the returning role of Gabriel this film is pitifully terrible. I am telling you in advance that even if you are a fan of the deadly delivery and style of Walken or you like the original "Prophecy", you will be very disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you borrow it, make sure it has only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A full list would take too much time to read and bore you to tears, but a brief summary would be the following: a once-crystalline clear picture of the relationship between angels and the mortals of the first movie is torn to shreds. Gabriel is turned away from the rather morbid right hand of God he once was (and in this role he is AMAZING funny in the first) to little more than a thug to heaven. Because Walken is so good at playing heavy tracks (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York"), he is still pleasant, but the supporting cast is an incredible and unconvincing mess of both mortals and angels who could not buy a clue on 50 cents. If you can figure out the story, you're smarter than me. You feel that you are wandering aimlessly from scene to scene to move the movie to the next big Walken line. At the end of the movie, you really want him to blow the horn and make Jericho's walls fall on the people who caused this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> The conclusion - it's offending our intelligence that they first made the sequel to this movie. The original told the right story, answered the questions that should be, and left to yourself, which you were later to consider. There are no convincing reasons to follow the characters who were the first - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept the "big secret", the teacher who protected her children - even Lucifer himself was more interesting in itself the first film than all other characters in the sequel. I feel sorry for anyone who sees this film, not the first one, because they will probably never want to see the original and this is a real tragedy.
