Everyone knows that the original "The Prophecy" by Gregory Widen did not require continuation, but you do not need to have a degree in rocket science hanging over the chimney to realize that further profits from this profitable horror concept were inevitable. Part two is a very prototypical example of the continuation of "straight in video", which means that the creative and agile plot of the original has been greatly simplified in favor of more action, more witty one-quarterers and much more amazing religious scenery. The only good news is that the producers managed to keep Christopher Walken in the role of Gabriel, and he provides another wonderful behavior that immediately justifies the rent price. If it were not for Walken (and perhaps a few players in the supporting cast, like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would certainly disappear in oblivion soon after its release. The film begins with Gabriel's literally spitting out of hell to continue the ongoing war of heaven on earth. The purpose of this battle is to stop the birth of a nurse, Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals). You see, her unborn child is the first hybrid in history between the heavenly angel and the earthly "monkey," and the birth of such a superior being would mean the fall of Gabriel's evil reign. So, like in the first movie, he is involved in a suicide accomplice to help him and hunts for Valerie up to Eden to conduct the final game. "The Prophecy II" is a bearable and sometimes even entertaining movie, as long as it does not compare with the original and until you fail to overlook many holes and errors in continuity. Whenever the plot becomes too boring, the creators fortunately always place the almost brilliant moment of Christopher Walken to draw you away. His interactions with the rebellious Izzy, and especially his ignorance about modern terrestrial technologies, often result in valuable and memorable sequences. On a somewhat unusual note, I often felt that the ambitions of "The Prophecy II" look similar to "Terminator II"? Gabriel's resurrection looked a bit like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg, and the Eden location, where the final battle takes place, looks very similar to the steel factory, where "Terminator II" also ended. I suppose a coincidence? Overall, this is a worse and more satisfying sequel, but it's still worth checking out if you're a fan of Christopher Walken's unique acting charisma (and who's not?).
