This is one of those horrors in which twenty-somethings play with dark arts around the campfire, making trouble out of it. A portal was opened containing the world of demons known as Kelippoth of Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter, Summer, is kidnapped by something taken to him. Summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identity never reveals itself to fight demonic monsters. This is part of the plot that is suitable for control. In any case, three witches who went to high school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic, serious practicing dark art, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (... more or less, a temporary fashion with them ...) join your friends, Jason and Ricky on a voyage in the wilderness, where Summer disappeared from her home ten years ago. Opening the portal through the spoken text written in an ancient book, the demon is released, like Summer, now a belligerent child whose training led to a very fit and athletic body and skills that were needed to repel monsters to another world. <br /> <br /> Low budget contains a crazy but ambitious story, limiting it to a limited environment. These young adults spend a lot of time running around the forest, hoping that they will not feed the beast. As with these movies, the demon is out of the way while history evolves as Summer tries to remember how things have happened, making friends with Jason who wants to help her regain her lost time. The action is shot mainly in the dark, which makes all violence difficult to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast in this regard) is a powerful, sweet eye, dressed scantily dressed as a Conan woman, a wonderful body that we have to relish from the moment she appears until the film is closed. Some lesbians (some kisses and caresses) and nudity nicely season, and the cast seems to have fun with a stupid plot ... it's so ridiculous that a stupid tone is probably right for the material. <br /> <br /> May interest the co-creator of "Captain Courageous" Christian (real name, Jason Reso) as one of the members of the group, counterfeiting his alter ego, as a chicken, trembling at the sound of a snapping tree twig. Landy Cannon is a very unlikely hero, Jason, the love-loving, naïve young man she was fiancé, Jasmine (Vanessa James), is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (Jasmine's cruelty is playing with Jason's feelings, hiding her romance with Marlene of his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea try to distract him from the idea that he can ignite a dead flame that has gone out, never to smoke again. Kelippoth's demon is mostly dark illuminated, I think I will refrain from showing how absurd / funny it looks if it is presented in its entirety. Lesbian antics Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are mostly tame, their love, once lonely in the forest against the background of the tree, it is toned down, and also illuminated by the black of the night. My assessment is somewhat favorable in this respect, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, not for the story or the movie. The film is aimed at contentment and is sold to boys (and girls who love hot women). I think, however, that humor usually falls slightly flat.
