This is certainly a strange way to promote a movie that has a lot of rest. It seems that the studio has an ordinary suicide, considering that (1) the dissent between the cast was well known long before the film was released. (2) Feud between producer (Robert Fryer) and director (Michael Sarne) was also widely known. (3) The cast did not conceal their contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity, with daily newsletters from the set gleefully reported by columnists around the world. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal, hated him practically from the first day. Nevertheless, this slogan almost sums up. Raquel Welch makes <br /> <br /> a decent performance as Myra, and besides, it looks beautiful. John Huston is very funny like Buck Loner, a former Cowboy Star who runs an acting academy. Mae West (for the first time on the screen since 1943) She naturally rewrote her part to fit herself, and is great as "oversexed" (and, to put it mildly) "Talent Agent" Leticia Van Allen. Even so, she must have wondered (after such a long wait for a good vehicle to come back) as she had ever ended up in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of her 'customers'. John Carradine and Jim Backus, as Doctors, also have a short time playing. Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, are neither here nor there. The same applies to the script, which not only does not focus on the basic plot of the book, but seems to target at least three different directions at the same time. Although part of West was originally larger, it was reduced to an episodic role before Sarne finished editing. And partly because of this it seems that it is in a different movie. It seems that at some point the producers realized that Mae would be a great draw of the film, and being unable to replace most of their cut films, they rushed her back to the set at the end of the second track, both of which come from nowhere. The Sarne device used to insert old movie clips from past stars to emphasize what it does does not work at all. Before the movie ends, anything a weary viewer can do is wonder what it's all about. No wonder that almost everyone associated with the production felt the same, and died at the box office. Technically flawless DVD contains (among other things) separate comments from both Welch and Sarne, each of whom has a completely different opinion about what went wrong. 'a song that has tried (in great detail) to do the same. It's true that the structure of the novel made the adaptation of the screen a dubious undertaking, but with Sarne at the forefront of production, which was obviously "worried", she really never had a chance.
