It was the sixties, and everyone with long hair and fashionable, distant attitude could earn money to make a movie. In this way, Michael Sarne, the director of this huge flop, was able to get a job. Sarne is one of the most talented people who ever gave a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the whole studio had to be cheated to agree to employ a guy who did exactly one previous movie, a terribly valuable black and white film from the 1960s called Joanna. This film features a similarly talented actress / waif Genevieve Waite, who barely could say the whole line without breaking into the wrong facial expression or a bat-like twitter. Sarne, who probably was not capable of directing a cartoon, no matter how big a budget Hollywood movie was on the right track. David Giler's book is the best place to find out how terrible Sarne was able to cover her eyes with everyone. If there is ever a historical marker indicating the exterior and shallowness of the era, Myra Breckinridge provides this marker. It embodies the void and mindless excess of the decade, which is more often remembered for a great sea change in the politics of the body. Breckinridge is a milestone of another equally important thread. Watch this video and you will get a different perspective on the less frequently mentioned emptiness of spirit, which was so often regarded as a talent in these years. <br /> <br /> Many reviewers have talked about cutting through the material with other films, especially older ones. Some people really liked these clumsy "comments" to what was happening in the film, others considered them meaningless, annoying and obtrusive, although if the film itself is so bad, any interference would have to be improved. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason why Michael Sarne put so many movie clips in Brekinridge's Mouse was to describe the soulless insufficiency of the wit and imagination he possessed. I mean, Sarne was so challenging that he simply threw the clips to fill the space and take time. They were not inspiration, they were desperation. His writing skills did not exist, and David Giler wisely deviated from the project, as a ticking bomb could have done, so Sarne had to try to make a movie, and he could not. It was beyond his narrow possibilities. Hence the introduction of what seems to be half the value of the entire movie. The spirits of writers and directors - many long gone - were called to fix this unfortunate flopperoo, because Sarne certainly could not do it. That's what he came up with when he sat on the set and thought for eight hours, while the entire cast and crew (not to mention the producers and accountants) cooled down and waited for something, some great spark of the imagination, a note of originality, a joke soup, a crack from the forehead of Zeus. Um, oops. Without Zeus + without imagination + no sparks = millions of small dollar bills with small wings - each made of hundreds of license agreements required to use clips - flying out of the window. Bye Bye. <br /> <br /> I hated movie clips myself. They accused many better Sarne, joked with people whose talents - even those whose skills were not great - far outstripped the director's ability and ultimately served to show how he lacked inspiration, originality - and even ordinary competence - compared to even the most cordial of them.
