Anyone who even knows me remotely can say that I love bad movies almost as much as I love great movies and I can honestly say that I've finally seen one of the legendary films about history: the almost indescribable mess that is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE, adaptation of Gore Vidal's best-selling book (later renounced this version of the film), is really a film so bad that it is strangely funny from beginning to end. The film with an assessment of X on sex-change operations and Hollywood was an absolute disaster at the box office and literally booed by the screen both by critics and the public at the time of its release. Not surprisingly, the film gained an almost legendary cult status among lovers of bad cinema, and I was really excited that I finally saw it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Michael Michael Sarne (who only had two other previous directors to his name at that time), took up a lot of space for the finished movie and, to be honest, really does not look like he had an idea about it, what he tried to achieve. Film is often inconsistent, and whole sequences are edited together in such a way that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Annoying is also the trick of using archival footage from the Fox movie vaults and regularly linking them to the picture. This means that there is an archive footage of the past of movie stars, such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple, which have blended into the newly filmed scenes of often lustful sexual acts, and this process simply does not work as intended (it also caused a small hustle and bustle like actors such as Temple and Loretta Young were suing the studio for using their image without permission. <br /> <br /> Maybe he blames Sarne, because the screenplay and cast of the movie will make many viewers shake their heads in disbelief. the film will ask you to believe that the skinny film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last role in the film) can perform a sex change operation and appear as the wonderful sexy goddess Raquel Welch?! The video becomes more difficult to track when Welch as Myra tries to take a film school away from his crazy uncle (played by the legendary director John Hustin), seduce the young student of the film (Farrah Fawcett) and teach the school bad boy from school (Roger Herren) a lesson by raping him with a vibrator. Did everyone follow this? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on the perspective)! I must also mention the best promising movie star: the legendary sex symbol from the thirties, Mae West! Mrs. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she was retired from 26 years) and apparently she still considered herself a powerful sex symbol when she plays an exclusive talent agent who has hunky men (including young Tom Selleck) throwing herself on her. As if it was not bad enough, West's dull tone actually performs two freshly written songs about half way through the movie and I think I could endure permanent brain damage from listening to them! <br /> <br /> Of course, nothing of it reminds you of anything that any person with a reasonable taste would call "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10, because it was always morbidly funny, even when I had no idea what the hell is going to happen. In addition, most of the cast is very old. In particular, Raquel seems so inclined to turn her poorly written part into something meaningful that she fails to watch the movie in vain. If she had only worked with a decent script and a capable director, she would eventually receive some respect from the critics. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also fine. The charming John Huston (who really should have been leading the picture) has some fun moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly fresh and lovable. Roger Herren is also okay, but after this event he never appeared in another movie (probably he just could not live, being a guy raped by Raquel Welch). And as anyone could have guessed from the above description, Mae West completely stopped thinking when she agreed to do this movie - but that's part of it that makes fun for those of us who love bad movies.
