MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that immediately found their place in the history of the film. The praise of the film was absolutely non-existent, even from the people involved in its implementation. This movie was hated from the first day. Every now and then an individualist who praises the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or courage to deal with the problem of transgenderism) meets, but the film has not developed into a cult, as is the case with some loud flaps. He was not hailed as an unintelligible masterpiece, such as SCARFACE, or it was created to make him laugh as a camp classic, such as SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly the reason is that the film, although outrageously horrible, is not sympathetic or even pleasant. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simply mean. As a Hollywood satire, it is cold-blooded and crazy, but in a senseless way. MYRA takes it for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but it goes on to attack such beloved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to suggest that everything in Hollywood is vile by its very nature. It seems that there is something inherently courageous in mocking sacred cows, but in the first place it does not provide justification for mockery. The film is also very anti-American and anti-establishment, anti-this and anti-this, but all in a superficial way, in the late 1960s, fashionable. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other would-be hip epics, MYRA is a vision of hippie middle-aged youth culture. He tries to accept an attitude that diminishes him. But instead of laughing mock at each other, MYRA does not try to hide contempt for everything that is within its reach. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a sense of humor; there is not one moment of innocence in him. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine aptly described it as "more or less as funny as a molester child", but it is not that nice. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West suffered from criticism against the film, described as everything from the aging drag queen to the resuscitated walking corpse. The octopus star apparently did not know how ridiculous it was to play a lucid talent agent who craved enough young men to be her grandchildren and even her great-grandchildren. But director Michael Sarne needed to know, but he used it anyway. Why? Because apparently she was a joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veterans in the film, they're there just to make the movie mock their age and use it to mow their movies. They are cast as smarmy auto-parodies, just like Rex Reed, an arrogant, fey film critic who is cast in the movie. But real Reed, celebrity celebrities, a jet plane, talk show gossip, can be adorable in a terribly fun way; but as Myron, Myra's alter ego is simply unbearable. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is a joke. <br /> <br /> You watch MYRĘ BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see the actors, you see the victims. No more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever accuse Welch of being a great actress, but it proves her insistence and appeal that she survived the film, and her career prospered. Being in almost every scene, Welch was the first and center as the target of abuse aimed at the film, but in its favor, it gives an extremely nuanced performance. Although, of course, between the chewing of Hustin's scenery and the almost catatonic West, Welch does not have to do much to achieve a good balance. In spite of this, he leads a terribly ridiculous dialogue with a deadly smirk, with a hint of his own self-righteous joy that every James Bond villain would be proud of. Legend has it that Welch was disregarded by the condescending West and subjected to recurrent verbal abuse on the set by the inept director Sarne, not to mention being shown on one humiliating scene after the other, making it all the more remarkable that she was able to give such nice and collected performance. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the film is the attempt to determine what the film's plan is. The whole story is a fantasy tale, which should indicate that it has a moral sense to deliver, but what can be can guess everyone. Throughout her conversation about the destruction of the "last traces of traditional masculinity from the race", it seems that she has a feminist ax to crush. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Besides, Myra is not a woman, but rather an illusion of Myron, who is probably gay. This may explain the male rape scene, as well as the love attitude towards macho, seemingly simple, dead Rusty, but this does not explain his / her obsession and allegedly lesbian tryout with Mary Ann from Farrah Fawcett. The movie is obsessed with sex, but it's hard to accuse him of advocating a sexual revolution; all sex is treated as, if not dirty, than at least perverse and humiliating. The transition to the original novel by Gore Vidal does not help, because it is just as confusing and pointless as a movie. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare movie that seems to hate movies. Not only films as a business, but also films as part of the culture. The film itself is a mysterious reference to old films, from which the director-screenwriter Sarne approaches with seething contempt. He attacked the movie vaults at 20th Century-Fox and showered the film with fragments of old movies, not as tribute or social commentary, but as a mockery of the innocence of old Hollywood. How does an artist - if you want to call Sarne generously - create a work of art if he already hates the medium in which he works? The effort itself is completely self-harming. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to support anything but being just nasty. He hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates homosexuals and simple men and women, old people and young people, Laurel and Hardy and, well, you call it and probably has a scene in which it's contempt. In a very sad and pathetic way MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of nihilism of pop culture.
