I bought 4 DVDs for 10 bucks at my local Suncoast, which included this movie and three other kitschy horrors (including its continuation of "Witchcraft XI"). So basically I paid the lowest price of $ 2.50 for this movie if you do math. I can not say exactly that I was cheated. I have something to do with kitschy horror movies, but it's a kind of rubbish that gives garbage a bad name. The budget can not exceed $ 1,000 (though it seems that they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget movie, but that does not justify a completely boring camera. The film "Blood Cult", although not very good, was created with an exceptionally low budget and still had a fairly good job and acting. Acting in this film is the definition of "effortlessly", especially from this muscular guy with a Texan accent. Everyone almost reads their poems from the site. You can accept it figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was off camera during their performance. I said earlier that I have never seen a bad English actor. This movie has a lot of bad ones. And although English films are not always good, they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication, which is why I see no reason why an English or English woman would volunteer to make a home-like Schlock movie. this. Did Merchant Ivory withhold his calls? Usually, I think people are too difficult for directors and actors. Even the worst films in Hollywood have a certain level of professionalism in directing, acting and cinematography. Even if you are watching a movie such as "Glitter", you can not honestly say that it looks like the third peer made these scenes (although the third student could write a script). I've seen home movies that are better than "Witchcraft X", and that's no exaggeration. Even gore is minimal, because the filmmakers only had money to buy fake blood in Party City. No effort was made to create this movie - let's summarize it this way. You get a picture. There are a lot of nudity, but it does not save him. But I must say that a girl with red-orange hair who is either naked or wearing a whole cleavage is really hot! <br /> <br /> My result: 1 (out of 10)
