but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst films of the Disney princess, but for the worst movie that the company produced during Walt's lifetime. The music is really pretty, and history deserves to be called "classic". In this movie the heroes, especially the title character, who can be called a "heroine" in the weakest sense of the term, fail. <br /> <br /> After a short prologue, the audience is introduced to Cinderella. He wakes up in the morning and sings "Dream is the wish of your heart". This establishes her as an idealist (and therefore deserving of our compassion). Unfortunately, the script does not give us any hint what he dreams about. Freedom from the role of a servant? Respect for her stepdaughter? Someone with whom you can talk except mice and birds? In one song (cut out from the film, but presented in the section devoted to the special features of the latest DVD), Cinderella tells her desire to have many of her, so that she can do her job more effectively. You're going girl! In short, Cinderella is a very nauseous character. Passively accepts the violence of his step-family, escaping into unspeakable dreams of relief. She is provided only once, reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. For this purpose, he is allowed to go to the ball if he finishes his homework and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is clearly absurd to everyone, except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine as such a doormat? If Cinderella is dumb, her masculine counterpart is nothing but lifeless. The prince in Cinderella has no dialogue and almost no time on the screen. We have no hints as to whether he is a good man if he respects Cinderella or something like that. We only know that 1) is a prince and 2) he dances well. Hell, even the prince from "Śnieżka" at least sang a romantic song. This lack of development makes the romance less interesting, makes Cinderella look like a social climber or idiot, weakening her already bad call. the animators decided to devote too much time to comic relief, friends of Cinderella, mice. Of course, these characters are fun. Even so, when a comical relief steals a show from directors, let's say your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to proclaim all his animated functions as "masterpieces". Although many of them are, there are those who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is the best example of this.
