After the release of Cube 2: Hypercube (2003) and the reproduction of the alleged success of the original Cube (1998), director Ernie Barbarash is free to bring us the third part of the trilogy, the Cube Zero prequel. > <br /> Deep in the guts of a huge and unnamed institution, unknown time and place, two low-level operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) sit and observe the observing behavior of people who were placed in a giant network of cubic chambers, some of which are armed with death traps. He said that the people they are watching are convicted criminals who chose this horrible and deadly attempt for a lethal injection, these observers had no problem with their work until Wynn, a mathematical genius, discovered that one of the prisoners, a woman named Cassandra. (Stephanie Moore) never agreed to be put in the cube. He suddenly realizes that maybe their "tasks" are not what they seem, and that they can be part of something deeply sick and twisted ... <br /> <br /> For people who have seen and liked the original cube, You probably will not like the prequel. It's not that history has no potential; just the first Cube movie never had to be expanded. Standing alone, it is a good psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and certainty about his own message. He was also nicely self-sufficient. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys part of the mystique of the original, trying to answer questions with more questions, but actually leading to a mess of what was never needed. <br /> <br /> What this new movie has to offer, which is a question about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and banality of evil, are certainly good questions to be asked, but they should probably be made on the basis of their own merits, and not as a continuation of a film that did not have such aspirations. <br /> <br /> Having said that, other features of the movie, such as acting and directing and writing, are not terrible. The film has a gloomy, dark appearance, similar to the noir movie, like "Matrix" and "Dark City", and they certainly managed to regain the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube. Unfortunately for Barbarash, there are not enough advantages to save them.
