Steven Vasquez directed and wrote the screenplay for James Townsend, the star, this strange little dramatic horror, with obviously very good ideas and intentions: to make a gay movie that has a different story than the usual fare and to make a drama that merits the thriller. So why not work? First of all, the movie loses its direction from the initial cage and travels aimlessly through the whole movie, dead to filming the thriller, but is covered to satisfy the audience who wants to see naked meetings. This is not a bad thing: it can certainly improve some of Hollywood's successful films. The film also tries to talk about the experiences of young men and women, relationships, disturbed parenthood, club scene with all the wild freaks accompanying such events - and murders. This is a bit much pissed off in a 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) is apparently a successful kid with a nice Jenna girl (Sarah Kelly), but keeps an eye on the boys and visits a bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who follows the same path and can offer Devon help at every level. They bind themselves, Devon goes out and the secrets start: the boys are lost in the neighborhood, stepfather Devon psychologist, Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not what he seems to be, and despite Devon's consoling mother Donny (Sonja Fisher) Devon is thrown out to the streets because of his new relationship. Dr. Tyler appears to be in the dark business with hunky detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle), who apparently investigates the missing boys ... Devon gathers his resources from his understanding girlfriend Jenny and her buddies and together the group reveals the dark deeds of the doctor Tyler and his detective helper. And thanks to all this, Donna exudes warmth and understanding as the ideal mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some actors are happy with the eye (and the eye rarely works)! But the degree of action is always low. The only thing that forgives us (and in some cases it is just too weak to forgive) is the sense of commitment on the part of all involved. Yes, this is a low-budget movie, and yes, the director needs time to get to know his profession. But in the end there is something to say for the people involved to try and take a gay movie to another level. Maybe their next one will be more polished. Grady Harp
