During the summer hit BASEketball in 1998 (1998): "This is one of those movies that usually appear on the big screen jumbo-throne in the sports bar during the day - when everyone is pretty drunk. Unfortunately, I was sober when I saw this movie. "<br /> <br /> So I've quoted the late Gene Siskel for this bad, presumptive yukfest that appeared two weeks after the much better" There's something about Maria "in the July game in one style. from 1998. "Mary" was a feast, but apart from many gags, she had a lot of heart, which is why it was the most profitable comedy of this memorable summer. <br /> <br /> "BASEketball" tried to outdo Mary, but it weakened in many ways. You take the creators of "South Park", Trey Parker and Matt Stone, who fortunately are not for the movie, but the camera, the only member of the ZAZ David Zucker, who watches the image desperately in need of payment, and the other two Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker apparently they stayed outside or probably warned him about the image, a small 90-year-old Ernest Borgnine, wasting his valuable time in his excellent career, dying on a hot-dog and singing "I'm Too Sexy" as he records his will, Jenny McCarthy, who has little time for screens as a not-so-crying widow of Borgnine, young enough to be his granddaughter, a larger female part by Yasmine Bleeth as a devoted social worker whose protégés are young people, and the only interesting and significant player in this turkey , Robert Vaughn as corrupt archives, and aimless scenes by "Airplane!" Graduates Kareem Abdul Jabaar and the late Robert Stack who they seemed nostalgic about the masterpiece of 1980 and its fresher humor created by the ZAZ family. What do all these people consist of? Desperate cast and crew trying to recreate "Airplane!" Humor and mixing it with the primitiveness of "South Park", but it fails in every respect. <br /> <br /> To make this long 100-minute short movie "BASEketball" is a real game invented by David Zucker and his friends from the home town of Milwaukee talk about two lazy losers (Parker and Stone) and their buddies who invent baseball and basketball (hence the title) together in the driveway of your home. After his death, Borgnine saves the property of his BASEketball team, Milwaukee Beers for Parker and Stone. Indeed, the game is national and the archives of Vaughn and McCarthy want to take away their ownership of the Beers band. But Bleeth is in love with both men, especially in Parker, and one poor, sick person in need of a liver transplant passes over them. These are characters that are not strongly developed. <br /> <br /> Now they make senseless gags. Among them are blood, hair with electric shocks, throwing eggs and screaming. Parker and Stone almost kill the young man in the hospital, but he goes through the liver transplant. Borgnine sings and rubs the ointment on his chest. McCarthy, who seemed to overcome Borgnine's death by immediately choking on the sincere, quickly massaged Vaughn in the next scene. Cheerleaders dance in skimpy outfits. There is a lot of music playing for the hearing impaired on the soundtrack. And David Zucker enforces the parodies "Riverdance" and "Titanic". Forcing a parody is nothing new for ZAZ, post "Plane!" And the series "The Naked Gun." <br /> <br /> And like Siskel, I was sober, but I also became sleepy. This film should be played over and over again to the rude barroom pupils who like to drink it, but will they stay vigilant and awake or lose their consciousness during the unlucky parts? If they faint, they will not realize that fortunately they lack foolishness and absurdity. Hats off to them!
