... and not in a good way. BASEketball is a loss of film in every inch. It offends all the senses. It does not bother me, I've seen a lot of bad movies, really bad movies and I'll see them again. BASEketball is a caliber film, in which you regret wasting ninety minutes of life. The reason BASEketball insults me is because Trey Parker and Matt Stone are in a movie they did not write. Every respect I had for David Zucker had long since exhausted. His latest films are falsified by lazy mess, which look and look as if they were made by late-afternoon boys giggling with penis jokes. "Aircraft" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, watching BASEketball, you'll be surprised to discover that they were created by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the funniest and wisest comedians in today's entertainment. Their photos and episodes of South Park are as important as they are funny. Every joke, even fart jokes, has intelligence behind it. It is easy to forget that there is a mature approach to immaturity. I imagine BASEketball was a big experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess with no sense of dignity and class. Parker and Stone basically fooled around. The movie plays like a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were useful in their films. I really can not find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, except that they feel as if they are falsifying a fake movie that falsifies a fake movie. Each line is delivered in such a stupid way. It's as if they were trying to make fun of the worst photos of that kind, and yet they become them in the same way. It reminds me of the South Park episode of "How to Eat with your Butt", in which Cartman sits in the cinema watching a hideous comedy without plot or credibility, except for the destruction, Parker and Stone use the same voices that they made in this scene for this whole picture . It's really sad. <br /> <br /> And this is not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest problem with this photo is that I'm sitting there knowing that Parker and Stone deliberately follow this fragment of a hidden script. I know that if they took this goddamn thing and rewrote it, it could have been saved to the point that it could be watched. There is no indication that Zucker allowed them to improvise scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for the evil director. BASEketball has some fun ideas and I think Parker, especially if he was allowed to take Zuckers' script, could have developed it more. Instead, we get nocturnal humor. Do not rent a BASEketball, you can laugh the same way, watching a jocular group of students
