I gave this film 5 of pure mercy. My intention is not to break anybody's bubble, because I've seen how I've seen other comments that this movie is very much appreciated by many. Well, it's not worth the praise and I say this because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this movie shakes him deeply. Maybe if you see Shinobi himself, you can like it. This is pleasant because of well-planned battles based on fantasy more than on martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deeply reinforced. But the story is not as original. Now I understand that when someone transforms anime / manga into a movie, some changes need to be made. I did not expect to see bizarre characters from the anime, though they have an established role, and some are really deep and well-designed. But I certainly did not expect to see massive and erroneously introduced changes that would fundamentally ruin the whole story. Perhaps the characters are dramatically and unethically mutilated, transformed into something that the public can love more. For example, Oboro, who in the anime is a sweet, innocent girl, totally and totally in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vengeful clan leader in the movie. I liked the woman becoming strong and avoiding the limits imposed on her by the era (we're talking about Japan, the seventeenth century), but her mood changes are unbelievable and badly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the film, but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who is not only madly in love with anime, but is more or less worth the plot. I could go on and on like what made Tenzen, the worst and the most dangerous character in the anime, exceptionally weak and unattractive, or like Gennosuke, the main character seems completely lost and confused, not to mention, WEAKNESS again. The music is beautiful and the picture is amazing, what was expected from the Japanese film, and I appreciate it for that. But do not watch it if you saw and enjoyed Basilisk, because it is simply hopeless. Bazyliszek, although based on fantasy, with elements of horror and largely exaggerated, is wonderful and has much more depth in characters, storyline, historical value and is, say, painful. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe that it lasted after what was supposed to be the highlight. Unfortunately, it is very difficult for me to judge a film so sharply, but I advise against it. Please, watch the anime, or at least watch the movie first, and then repair your picture of what basilisk really is, watching the anime. Otherwise, you will have an attack when you realize how they massacred him.
