It is a pity that Greta Garbo ended her excellent career at the age of 36 because of this ridiculous misconception of marriage. Starting from the success of his first romantic comedy, the "Ninotchka" by Ernst Lubitsch (1939), in which she was well-staffed as a strict Russian envoy, Garbo reunites with her prominent husband Melville Douglas to tell a story on the series in which Karin Borg plays Jane, an ordinary ski instructor, who impulsively marries the publisher, Larry Blake, when she becomes enchanted. Once he explains that work is his priority, Karin unintentionally decides to dress up as her surviving twin sister Katherine to check her husband's loyalty when he returns to Manhattan. <br /> <br /> It is surprising that this infamous unsuccessful outburst in 1941 was directed by George Cukor, who led Garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in the "Camille" of 1937, because it is an unflattering vehicle, you can imagine for the screen legend. Only someone with a natural sense of ease and malice, Carole Lombard could escape from the shenanigans depicted in the script by numbers by S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to co-create the Americanize Garbo image for war-time viewers who were felt by students who were not interested in the tragic characters that she favored in the 1930s. <br /> <br /> Garbo, however, seems wrong. the ease of mostly Katherine's fake party girl, especially when compared to the farce of the experts, such as Douglas and Constance Bennett, as the romantic rival Griselda. Photographed unflinchingly by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo looks tired in many scenes and even hideous in his teased hairstyle to the dance sequence "chica-choca". The story ends conventionally, but with the addition of a long physical sequence in which Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs, which unfortunately reminds me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (rare at this point in their career) appear in comical supporting roles as Douglas's associates. This movie is not yet on DVD and I would not consider it a priority for the transfer because it is a curiosity in the legendary Garbo career. She was apparently dissatisfied while filming. I can see why.
