You may be a bit confused if you look silly from the beginning, because the subtitles contain Susan Dey as "Special Star." Um, why would a one-time MOW have such a star? If you stay with it, you'll notice that you pay no attention to anything except Mrs. Dey's ass, hanging around in a flowered bikini, like a babe from the house "The Partridge Family" revolves around the beach to which this ingenious title refers. Derrière Susan is particularly fascinating when she shakes her in the camera, teasing her and tickling her pseudo-dissatisfied brother in one gentle incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and her tush are fighting a losing battle: a television craze that could put this bottom at the top, it was three years off, so the sweet booty got a supportive role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would put it first and used the film as Susan's audition tape for Charlie's Angels. Just like our Susan she was deprived of cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career playing grim, neurotic women. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that the view behind heina Susan is not very convincing. The scenery is pleasant and photographed in a bizarre, foggy way that will briefly trick you into thinking that a bizarre creative intelligence may be behind the camera. No. It's just a 70s thriller, which was challenged in tension, which allowed the stars in the weekly series to earn some extra cash (and collect some cable leftovers, though they did not seem to know it) and show their "reach". "Here we treat the nuclear family on a TV scale, opposed to TV bandits, who can not decide whether they are a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (in this way the filmmakers shared the difference by putting them in dune carts) and never learned one of the basic lessons television from the 1970s: do not mess with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel"). The only potential for depth in this film is the aforementioned teenage character Steve, played by a long-forgotten (if ever remembered) Kristoffer Tabori, who should be rebellious and troubled and may feel sympathy and attraction to the unlawful crowd who (allegedly) threatens his family. But Steve, played by Tabori (wounds, why did not we see more from this wonderful child?), Is in fact only in a bad mood and moody and is not at all contradictory, when the big D becomes serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) ) sand. For sleep-deprived and Susan Deyniacs (there must be several of you).
