When this movie is played on TV, you can save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you have to see. The story tells of two marriages from Arkansas who are going on a trip to Reno. The number one pair is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and has a low opinion of himself and has long been not intimate. Lonnie sleeps with Candy (Charlize Theron), who is the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). Everyone is going to Reno, and the four of them stay in one luxury apartment. Roy and Candy are trying to have a baby and finally Candy discovers she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds out he's sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit to romance, and now the whole trip is chaotic. This film directed Jordan Brady and made several other low-budget movies, but this is his first film with an impressive cast. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comedic talent, but you can not blame him. This script is not funny, and one of the glaring problems is that all characters are saved at the sitcom level. The fact that everyone is from the south does not mean that they must be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character has no sophistication to tilt the race above the dollar. And the character Swayze is called stupid and stupid by everyone, and one of the rare good moments is that he asks everyone to release him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and is a completely worthless and pointless episode. He barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she met her obligations to Harvey and Bob Weinstein who are the executive producers of this film. The only person who is not really angry is Richardson. We observe how she becomes more confident, but this plot in the film is very obvious and banal. All these actors should know better and it is difficult to imagine that everyone has read the script and liked it. It's a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they got paid. As for viewers, you will not get paid, so skip this!
