There are many films that set the release dates, just to get them out of the distribution because of legal snafu, and then stay suspended for a long time. You can only wish for the movie to be as rotten as "Slackers", staying in a coma for what is worth it, which is very small. The premiere dates have been constantly shifted to this really awful movie, which is as damn interesting as it deserves. The premise begins under the cover of Ethan, a terrifying sucker with a frightening obsession with the campus bomb Angela. Ethan is devilishly getting help from David and his friends who have cheated the school all the time with blackmail to help win Angela. I do not like giving spoilers, but I can make an exception for this shit. Angela falls in love with David, Ethan intentionally screw in everything, good guys win. This is what happens in short for another tired teen tread. Brutal humor is funny, it always dates back to the immortal classic "Animal House", for contemporaries such as "There Something About Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others, which are too much to mention. But when you use it as a storyline, you can only go so far, for example, Ethan has an Angela doll made up of her individual hair bands he knows that God knows what's up with her. Nobody wants to be a witness to watch Ethan shower in the shower singing to himself. Nobody wants to watch a young man singing "She will be walking upstairs" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for a full visual attack on the 1950s bombardment. Mama Van Doren unveiled her breasts at the age of 71. I do not know if this is a lack of consistency in history that intersects scenes that absolutely do not make sense. Director Dewey Nicks was an ex-fashion photographer, and after reviewing this movie, you can only wish to return to the profession. The worst thing you can do in any movie is to make it look like you're having fun because you divert your attention from your goals, as Slackers does, burying its outline with a pile of thick gags, aimless vignettes and lack of construction. It's like a group of students got drunk, took the camera and shot some random nonsense and gathered them together. If you want to see a terrifying comedy for teenagers, which is really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip", something that is fun, not terribly bad, like "Slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz creates an episode in this film, just like in another bad movie, such as "The Sweetest Thing", where history treats thick humor like a different story, instead of a device similar to this catastrophe ... If you go next to "Slackers" in a local video store just keep going and let it get to the bottom of the shelf it deserves.
