I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late works of those he considered big cineastas and what normal viewers generally viewed as artistic failures (as the last films of Renoir or Chaplin: yes, "politique des auteurs" also has its dark side). But thanks to "Les amours d'Astrée et de Céladon" Rohmer would like his last film to capture the tradition of great directors who made the last old movies, adapting "L'astrée" Urfé, with absurd aesthetic codes, looks like a parody of Rosselini's latest films (those he did for television from Descartes or from Marx's life). <br /> <br /> In his "Perceval" version, Rohmer refused to film real landscapes to give a transcript of what could have been a classic presentation of middle-aged things. The director evidently changed his mind when it comes to the 17th century, and he films actors dressed as peasants of the fifteenth century, reciting their old text surrounded by modern trees and landscapes. But everything looks even more funny than Luchini and his artificial trees. It's not that the story is stupid, but the way Rohmer mixes naturalism with tricks seems so childish and amateurish that it quickly becomes involuntarily funny (and I do not even talk about the irritating pronunciation of actors, irritating and sad humorous attempts Rodolphe Pauly, absurd, soft-erotic tone, weak musical ideas or strange fascination with trasvestisment!). <br /> <br /> The radical aesthetics of the film makes it look like a joke that mixes a soft-erotic movie made for television with theological scholastic discussions (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches us that the original French region of the story is now distorted by modernity and that is why he had to film "L'Astrée" in other parts of the country. I am sure, however, that the film would look more modern and interesting if Rohmer were still making the same story in a modern area with the same narrative codes and artistic decisions. This film may be of interest to a few historians, but most moviegoers may laugh at this last and sad Rohmer movie.
