I usually do not write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel I have to. I talked about the taste in another review, saying that everything is in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it just means you have a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", which is an almost unknown black and white film. I liked even "Scream" and "Scary Movie". I liked the movies because they have, if not much, something good. I appreciate 99.9% of the films that I've seen, because they tell a story I've never heard before, and most directors create movies with only a good storyline. Throughout this movie, I was thinking, "Where is it going?" (Even at the end) "Where did these horrible actors come from?" "Was that supposed to be a joke?" And so on. Due to the obvious turn of the action, I was skeptical, but I hoped it would "make" the movie and prove that I had not wasted time. Unfortunately, I was wrong. The plot was bad at first, and the turn of the action ruined all flashes of hope. Here is the summary: Plot? like the first movie, which was okay, this one is slow and rare, without an audience connection with heroes or situations. The situations are remarkable and shallow, totally boring and predictable. The phrase was terrible, it did not make me feel like excitement or WOW. Simply "My God". There was nothing in the film to look back and think "Oooo was not so smart" because it was not like that. In the "Fight Club" at the end there are flashbacks, showing passages in which Tyler's true identity was cryptically shown, and when you saw her again, you saw more, it really was a genius work, as it was written, taught and directed. It was a senseless attempt at an amazing turn. I think that these were "wild things" that had a pretty bad double turn, and I still liked the movie because the rest was OK and did not try too hard to be a big turn of action. It's as if the CI2 writer thought it would be the best phrase ever. But really it's just a bad story with a bad twist at the end. The film ended almost immediately after the entire film was annulled by all of Sebastian's story, which meant that there was nothing in it and a horrible half-forced, pedophile ending with a particularly young and innocent actress. Acting ?? the actors in this movie are terrifying. Almost the same bad "Sunset Beach". - Extremely banal and badly made. It's not even that bad, it's good as a "handsome". The worst acting I ever thought was from Amy Adams, who played Kathryn, it was her stiff, pathetic and ill-conceived game. Robin Dunne was poor too. I have not seen "American Psycho II" yet, but undoubtedly his relaxed "cool" style also ruined the film. <br /> <br /> I can not even say that it's a good movie for teenagers or not. If my son or daughter liked this movie, I would be ashamed. But it would not happen anyway, because they would take into account all the things that make up a good movie that this movie does not have. Really. I'm disappointed that some said "maybe you're not in the age range for this movie, so I do not like it." I like all the movies that I liked now as a teenager and had very good taste. Do you really think that when you reach 20+, you suddenly do not like any teenage threads? No. I liked "Mean Girls" and other general teen films and watched "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. I am afraid there is no excuse for poor directing, acting and script. Besides, I was 16/17 when I first saw it. If you're older, it makes you judge a terrible movie better. I also can not believe that anyone can give him 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave him 9 because I know it could be better. Shame for this site that people do it, give 10s dismissively or do not get a movie / show, and so give it to 2. <br /> <br /> Anyone who likes this movie should really change their taste and maybe their lives, and thereby realize that this is the worst film ever made. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager with bad taste or just do not have bad taste, you absolutely hate this movie.
