Okay, normally, I'm not so sharp in the sequels, especially if the first movie is done well and ultimately it was a good movie. When it comes to 1999, I feel that one of the five best films was "Cruel intentions". He had everything a great movie should have, except for the original story that had been adapted from the novel, it was still damned good. He to Cruel Intentions 2, which was supposed to be just an opening series based on the film called manchester prep. What could not happen. Actually, after seeing this movie, I understand. Before anything like that began, I was at least as much as the writer and director Roger Kumble. 1 minute in this movie I was disappointed. It starts with the reashing of opening the original with a sebastian with a different twist, instead of placing a naked picture of the daughter on the net, throws the director's naked wife into the school's catalog. It would be fine if you were 50 years old. In fact, the rest of the movie is the unmatched copy of the original. I understand that if there is nothing wrong with it, leave it as it was. But you can not do it with a movie. It was just being a prequel that gave him a chance to see how it turned out, as it was in Part 1. But with Sebastian, who is more or less just a joker, and Kathryn is himself and turns Sebastian into a sexual predator in which he was a real story this film did not have a foundation for it. Whoever threw this object was far away. They could at least try to get people who looked like the original cast, but no, they just employed a group of not-so-good-looking actors. I use this term, although I do not know why. They certainly have not done it in this movie. <br /> <br /> The whole movie is a few lines that do not even match the joke that had the original, and some of them did it, but it's just because they were from part 1. Another bad spot was part one in which you can understand the need to act in favor of attention, because the teir parents were not involved in it and were poorly exploited, as if they wanted to show why children are like that. But it did not work. The best thing about the original was that the cast had the chemistry that took you into this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the movie what it was. This thing really ruins the experience of the first escape route.
