The worst film in history is the statement that people here often throw on IMDb. Whether it's Uwe Bolla's movie, bad classics like Manos The Hands Of Fate or Michael Bay's latest summer festival, people often jump to the sudden conclusion that they say on the board that there's nothing worse in the movie world . <br /> <br /> I envy these people because they are blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deeply the rabbit's hole goes in making nonsense. There are films that are so bad, so hideous, so unintentional, funny and so funny that cults form around them to celebrate their horrors, and their discussion forums are the nicest places on the internet, because everyone agrees unanimously that this movie is really so bad . <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute homosexual epic that is so bad that it's like a violent car crash, you know it's awful, but you can not stop looking for this. The idea of ​​a self-proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director" and maybe I will add to myself the whale of Sam Mraovich, this film is legendary horrible. Let us suggest how this project was driven by the ego. Mr. Mraovich not only directed this film, wrote it, produced it, produced it, made it, edited it and then finally played. He is a man so blinded by his own ego and believer in his non-existent genius, that like someone with an ugly child does not realize how devastating his creations are. <br /> <br /> Everything in this movie is disappointing on an epic level, acting is the worst you will ever experience, the plot is the most absurd, editing and photos are the most amateur, and even music is like nails on the board. I realize I've gone through a bit of tangent here, but please believe me that this movie is really as bad as I describe it, I'd say this movie is a shit horse crushed into a roll of film, but the truth is it has not even been filmed in the film, he was shot on a digital camera no better than the one who is now in the closet, collecting dust. Do not get me wrong, I forgive low budgets for movies, provided the concept is interesting, for example, as much as I did not like. The Blair Witch project has proved that low budgets can still lead to an interesting movie about the climate. Ben and Arthur do not have a good idea to back off, even if the movie was shot on a budget of 20 million with the best Hollywood actors, it would still suck, the story is so horrible and the characters are even worse. One of Arthur's main heroes, who impersonates a character other than Sam Mraovich, is one of the most ugly, disgusting little turks ever made in a film. You will not like it within 5 minutes of the beginning of the movie, and at the end of the movie hatred will turn into aversion. Apparently Mr. Mraovich forgot that we should uproot the hero. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the whole bitterness of happiness you will experience watching this movie (which I encourage you not to pay for) I will give you two gentle, gentle examples of how stupid this movie is, tame and gentle as in the least offensive errors in the film. In one piece, we hear one of the main characters saying, "how they know a good lawyer and give him NIM", the shot disappears and then disappears, and what they said earlier is actually a woman, quite a spectacular mistake I think I will do it in post-production. The second is simple, a few seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer, the heroes are advised to fly to Vermont, and then cut the shot from the landing of the plane among the palms in a sunny place. I've never been in person in Vermont, but I'm sure you will not find any palms there. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretching for almost an hour and a half in combination with absurd dialogue and plotting, and then multiply it by 10 and still will not prepare you fully for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you've ever seen in your life and imagine it's even worse and you still will not be on the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really so bad. <br /> <br /> However, we should be happy, movies like this are a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we will become filmmakers ourselves or that we will be screenwriters. Simply because we will have a new sense of self-confidence due to the fact that we will know that nothing we produce, no matter how amateur can be the same as the suck festival. <br /> <br /> The real worst movie of all time has finally been discovered and is called Ben and Arthur.
