I have no idea what on earth or outside it could have led Sam Mraovich to believe that it would be a worthy undertaking. Ben and Artur is one of the worst films ever. In fact, I see no reason why it should not be in the first place downstairs 100. Although I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (No. 5 at the time of this publication), I would risk guessing that this movie is much better than this morning, because even in its miserable gloom, at least Baby Geniuses 2 was professionally made. In contrast, everything and I mean everything in this movie is completely unprofessional. <br /> <br /> The film is supposed to be an attack on alleged fanaticism and the hatred of the Christian Right to gays. And I emphasize "intended". Not only does it completely and completely fail in its goal, it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a fascinating and realistic portrait of the gay couple's struggle against society, which largely opposes them, it creates tired, disgusting stereotypes of every involved party. Ben and Arthur, the namesake couple, are portrayed as two primitive, sexless and hopelessly romantic cardboard cutouts that get married when the laws change to make it possible for them. This is met with the opposition of brother Ben, Victor, a Christian pastor who, like all Christians (as he would like us to believe), is loud, meddlesome, stupid and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his associations with him will expel him from the ministry. Just like in real life. And if you think it's awful (that is), you have not seen it all. <br /> <br /> Actors (?) Here they completely destroy all traces of credibility in this movie, saying that they were telling a video of a home comedy on YouTube. But even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando, as the title heroes, could not save this capelin, because there would still be the question of a completely absurd and laugh-like dialogue that fills every minute of the movie. Each scene has at least one uncomfortable or misplaced quote. For example, in one scene, Victor tries to complain that he can not have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of expressing this idea clearly, he spits out a stupid, completely misleading, grimy line: "You know what, I will never have any nieces or nephews, okay, because you are so F *** ED UP! "<br /> <br /> Even more glaring is the total lack of production values. Yes, I know it is not a Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six dots of red dye is not enough for realistic bullet wounds. People do not teleport between the rooms between successive attempts. When shooting, items do not fall FORWARD! <br /> <br /> Do not waste your money on Ben and Arthur. I do not care if you are 7, 17 or 107 years old. I do not care if you're gay, simple, bi or undecided. I do not care if you're "just curious." I do not care what a pitiful reason you may be tempted to buy this pile of dung. Stay away. The only advantage of this movie is the ability to use it as a frisbee.
