Holy crap this movie was bad. I watched it as a joke. It is not so bad that it is unintentional. This film seemed designed to anger me personally. It did really well. It's as if the people who did it just took all the annoying things about THE PRINCE, added to the group of ugly guys, they took out everything that was interesting, funny, and even amazingly sexy and clever, and then added in a bunch of old rotten cheese. That's all. Cheese. There is not a single person with whom this movie could connect. There is no such universe in which this movie could take place. Why can not such a movie just enjoy life and be happy? Why did they have to make this already stupid idea for a film even more ridiculous? Why could not they even try to make a good movie out of it, or even a B movie? Now that I think about it, what the hell have they been trying to do with this movie? I saw her expecting a campus love story, and instead got a boring student project about some idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry her boyfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy him !!! No, I'm not kidding. That's it. Does it sound good? This film is quite unaware of people in Christan's religion because stereotypes say that all Christians are loud, rude and stubborn that many people are as unhappy as possible. Many Christians I know will never speak or behave like those weirdos. However, the film is equally unfair and ignorant of the gay community. It must be the tastiest stereotype of gay men since the guy in the radio station in this ROADKILL video game. It's so nervous and just annoying to the point that I was not able to fully pay attention to this movie. The creators of this train wreck did not have a strategy to design the set, action, camera angles, lighting, scenario, authenticity or idea to make it fun or interesting. There is not even one sex scene, at least not credible. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who looked good at all, but his good looks were unfortunately wasted. This is junk. In a perfect world, the movie would get 0.0. It is worth 0 as the film itself. An underdeveloped nun who is blind, deaf and has tiny bones on her arms and legs, and her face is on the armpit, could write, direct and produce a better movie, and would probably be a better actor. the fact that this film exists is a crime against the very word "film". This movie is so bad that other films should be ashamed that they will be available in the same visible format. I could put a broom on a chair and then record it using the camera, then stop the movie, then replace it with a mini x-mas tree, then burn it and I've already made a movie that will always be better than BEN AND ARTHUR by at least half . There are only two things worse than death. Torture and watching BEN & ARTHUR. I'm a homosexual and I'll probably be the most homosexual person you'll ever meet if you meet me, and I do not think I've ever been more offended by the whole movie than the first five seconds of the movie itself. If this movie was a mistake, I personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's okay to make mistakes" to "It's okay to make mistakes, unless you mistake it is BEN and ARTHUR". You know how people always say things like "Good things come out of everything!"? I think that BEN & ARTHUR was invented above all so that there would be something on this earth, nothing good would ever come out of. To call this movie the worst movie I've ever seen would be too much of a recognition. It's as if this movie was designed to qualify for the category in which it is very own. There are good movies, there are bad movies, and then there is BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
