Intrigued by the summary (every homosexual movie has a small piece on the cover today, it does not necessarily have to be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN and ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I assure you it will be my last) purchase of CULTURE Q CONNECTION. As far as I am concerned, the DVD is nothing but a gross rip-off. Do not underestimate this observation? I am the main collector of movies, gay and mainstream, and I can with some authority and without hesitation say that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst film I've ever seen in my life. Dot. My collection can boast over 1,600 films (93% on DVD), of which over 300 are gay and lesbian motifs. I'm almost not the owner of any gay movie I've ever produced, but I feel comfortable saying that I almost buy almost every gay movie that's interesting and that I often buy without knowing about the movie. Sometimes it makes a pleasant surprise - Aimee and Jaguar, It's In The Water, Urbania and Normal are examples of excellent gay titles that I came across accidentally. So when I read on the box that BEN and ARTHUR are about the conflict between gay lovers and the Christian right, one of my favorite topics, I decided not to see this insightful view, despite my disappointing purchase of the next title CULTURE Q CONNECTION, SUGAR PLEASE VISIONS. This movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN and ARTHUR, it looked like GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was wrong with BEN AND ARTHUR? Much! First of all, the "plot" as it was, was completely ridiculous. This film almost sympathized with the Christian right? we are asked not to believe that the church would expel a member because his brother is gay, but that the priest would actually create a gay mafia-style gay couple to save their souls (as it does even make sense). Writing is so weak that many scenes do not make sense at all, and a few feature points do not reflect logic, continuity or relation to history. Murder and violence seem to be an acceptable target for the conflict of gay / right-wing activists on both sides, and the acting is so bad that it's hard to imagine how anyone in the movie was hired. Characters that are to be simple are almost without exception clearly gay - and no stereotypes to run; gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to forever discourage anyone from buying gay movies, and distributors should be ashamed. The only advantage of this image over my other purchase of CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with a clear dialogue. This is not a distinction, because the script is so bland that the understanding of the script only serves to make you more aware of how the movie really is. This is an embarrassment to the Queer culture and I intend to warn everyone who can, before they waste their money. For 9.95 USD, this video would be high; I understand that it will soon be priced below $ 20, which is a robbery on the STILL highway. I paid the original price of 29.95 USD and never felt more deceived in my life. The only real laugh associated with this drivel are the reviews ?? I have seen "reviews of users" of this film on many websites and there is always one or two that "praise" the director / scriptwriter / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this Ed Wood. So sad. How desperate. I just want IMDb to let you assign zero stars - even minus zero. If the movie ever deserved it, that's it.
