If there was a movie that deserved 0 out of 10, that would be it. "House of the Dead" redefines the term "bad movie". Other bad films like "When A Stranger Calls" or "Premonition" will look much better compared to "House of the Dead". The main "plot" of House of the Dead is a group of twenty years traveling to a distant island to participate in the "rave of the century." When they get there, they only find tents, a bar, a stage and some damn shirts. They decide to stay and soon they are attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing on this movie. It's not funny. Instead, it is painful to watch because of how terrible it is. Acting is incredibly bad. In an interview on DVD, one of the actors claimed that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when he's doing a good job or a bad job on the stage. It's a glaring lie. It seems that the script was written by an 11-year-old who decided to put a scene in which someone is throwing a girl on the girl's chest and joining a funny line, "it smells like someone who releases here". The characters do not have personality or depth and they do one of the most dumb things in horror. Somewhere along the way the heroes magically transform into a SWAT team that destroys zombies. It's as if they do not even have to aim at the gun, and they automatically shoot zombies in the head. <br /> <br /> The most horrible thing in this movie is directing. Something is wrong with Uwe Boll. The work of the Bolla camera is amazingly chaotic. His pans for zombies running through the forest are more stupid than threatening. To make matters worse, Boll thought it would be a good idea to include small pieces of House of the Dead footage into the movie. Quite often, in the most random moments, you will suddenly see a shot down zombie. It does not make sense. Nobody in their right mind would think it was a good idea. It's as if Boll wanted to remind us repeatedly that this movie is to be based on a video game. Uwe Boll also thought it would be nice to turn on slow motion 360 degrees during action scenes, and la "The Matrix". Unfortunately, he does it too often and every shot is bland. The soundtrack for this movie also disturbs the mind. Most of the action scenes are accompanied by a loud rap song. It also increases the headaches caused by the terrible "House of the Dead". <br /> <br /> "House of the Dead" is not bad because it's based on a video game. In fact, it has little to do with the video game. It also does not fit into the category "so bad that it is good". However, it fits the category "so bad it is painful". This movie is just sucking. Uwe Boll should never be anywhere near another movie set. Even his presence damn production. All directors: when only one of your films gets badly rated, all you have to do is remember that you have not done the "House of the Dead" and you will feel much better. I never recover those 90 minutes of my life. In summary, words can not really describe how bad the movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed. Although what I said can make House of the Dead sound funny, it really is not. Nothing is funny about that. Avoid this at all costs.
