When George C. Scott played the title role in Patton, you saw him driving fist-tank tanks, firing at German bombers diving with a revolver and spitting out vulgarisms for both superiors and subordinates. Gregory Peck's biggest action as "MacArthur", a character from the same war with a much greater achievement, is that he taps his fingers on maps and raises this famous eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Comparing Peck's performance with Scott may be unfair. However, the fact that "MacArthur" was produced by the same producer and was awarded by the same composer, asks for similarities, just like the fact that both films open with generals referring to cadets in West Point. It is clear to me that the filmmakers wanted to imitate the Oscar-winning film from a few years ago. But while Peck looks more on this part than Scott ever did, he has gone as uninteresting in history as it seems less dramatic than Wikipedia describing MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "To this day, there are those who think that he was a dangerous demagogue and others who claim he was one of the greatest people who ever lived," he tells us. This is a typical variation of post-Vietnamese sophistry about those who led the American army, a lot of time, but what we have here is neither a view. Presented here MacArthur does not get angry or inspire like he did in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who led the famous "Jaws The Revenge" turkey, paints by numbers working with vague battles and obvious use of the set (as when the Chinese attack US forces in Korea), while when the scenario of Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins turns MacArthur who is so good-natured to some degree of vagueness too entangled in his public image, but no less than decent. <br /> <br /> You see him coming down from the landing ship, returning to the Philippines. You see him speaking to Congress in his speech "Old Soldiers Never Die." For a long time he sits in the cinema at Toyko, waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel, so that we can continue this story, while the material of the newsreel shows the rise of Japan from the ashes under its enlightened principle. Pecek's co-workers, Marj Dusay as his devoted wife ("you are my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal helper, burn with tearful eyes towards the companion's splendor, but do not gather any interest on their own. > <br /> Even when arguing with others, Peck never raises his voice and usually wins his arguments with staggering eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz suggests delaying the recovery of the Philippines, a point of personal pride, and tactical care for MacArthur, MacArthur returns with a comment: "Right now, when I listened to his plan, I thought I saw our flag going down. "Undoubtedly, the real Nimitz would have something to say about it, but the character in the film only bends his head and meekly accepts the offense in the presence of President Roosevelt. <br /> <br /> The only person in the movie that MacArthur seriously disagrees with Harry S. Truman, who Ed Flanders does a good job despite the prosthetic nose that makes him look like Tukana Sam. Firing MacArthur by Truman should be a dramatic climax, but here it takes place in a quiet dinner conversation in which Peck plays MacArthur as no less than a genius martyr. <br /> <br /> I was never sold by Peck standing in the upper pantheon of screen stars; it provides a great presence, but it lacks complexity even in many of the most-known roles. But it is unfair to take him here so much because it does not help much to describe MacArthur as anything other than a speech. With the exception of two scenes in which he opposes the surrender of the Philippines ("He hit Old Glory and raised the sheet!") And another, in which he has a mini break in anticipation of the invasion of the US on Inchon, fighting against undermining Communists Peck really plays here at the White House, not a complex character that inspired the famous sobriolet "American Caesar." A real MacArthur could be worth such a comparison. What you get here is less worthy of Shakespeare than Shakes the Clown.
