Okay, so I'm not a big fan of video games, but was House of the Dead so famous that you can make a movie of it? Sure, they even went on to put in a video of fast video game clips as if justifying a particular violence scene, but there are dozens of games that look exactly the same, with a hand on the bottom screen, presumably your own, holding guns and talking all kinds of Aliens or walking corpses or snipers or whatever it may be. <br /> <br /> This is an interesting premise in House of the Dead, with lots of college kids (as well as LOADED college kids, children who are able to pay a fisherman around $ 1500 just for a ride after that, how they miss their boat) trying to get out to this island for what should be a delightful year. The first thing that comes to mind after seeing House of the Dead, is that it's becoming more and more obvious that modern horrors have become nothing more than an exercise in inventing creative ways that many scantily dressed teenagers become exactly the same situations. At least in this case, the fact that they were on their way to rave justifies the way girls dress. They look bad on the spot, they run around the woods in charming little halters, but at least they think they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, by far the most interesting character in the film, provides an absolutely horrible performance, the size of which is outshone by every other actor in the film. I can not stand it when famous actors change the accents in movies, it's so rarely effective, and Howard shows that it's just as well to have a well-known actor pretending to be that hardened fisherman with a hoarse voice of summer breathing with salty air. He did not tug it well. It sounded as if he ate a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled powdered sugar or something. It's really hard there, Clint! I expected more from him, but then he agreed to participate in this mess. <br /> <br /> When we get to the island, the movie temporarily turns into one of the Friday's thirteenth films that took their place at Camp Crystal Lake. Many teenagers played by actors who were too old to get their parts naked and then killed. The nudity was impressive, but let's consider something for a minute. These kids pay almost two thousand dollars to go to this island to go to Rave Of The Year, find NO ONE and say, well, who wants beer! Even the guy who pulled this pile of hundreds from his wallet to take them there did not think they'd found a full bar, not one lonely person in sight. Here is the contribution of director Uwe Bolla - There is alcohol! They will not notice that the party they came to consists of none other than themselves! <br /> <br /> So not only do they start to drink, not taking into account the fact that the whole party seems to leave the island, but when one of the girls goes into the dark forest to find out where everyone is (reluctant to pull one girl and one of the boys), a guy and a girl who stays to break up, decide that it will be a great idea to undress for a quick number, since they are alone. It's as if they were expecting the island to be empty, and now that the rest of the people they came with disappeared for a while, they would have some privacy, because there is no one else around. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now that everyone hated, judging from the reviews I read about the movie. Yes, interlacing photos from a video game to a movie, mainly to show that yes, the movie was faithful / directly copied the video game. Sure, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who invented this little nuggets, but the scenes with Matrix-style missiles that were thrown over and over again are worse. For the first time (at this point I thought it was pretentious and shoddy for a movie that would have such a shot as if it were something original), it is more noticeable for the technique of the shot itself than for any dramatic meaning or creating any tension in the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes a zombie movie frightening and makes you stand on the edge of your place is to have it slowly but mercilessly, live people who are a lot faster, but tired, running out and terrifying lack of things to fight zombies. The first two are made exactly in the film, the children are terrified and do not have too many places to run since they are on the island, but since they have caught a ride with a smuggler, they are heavily armed. And very much. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which removes most of the tension of the walking corpse. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slass scene. Because the rave never happened and I think that since Uwe Boll thought people would be disappointed that they would not hear any techno music in the movie, there's one scene in the middle in which all people fight with dead bodies, and amazingly turns into something the type of music video. There is an explosion of techno music, because the pictures are edited faster and faster, until it's nothing but the blur of the bloody shot, mainly only about 5 frames (which is about 1/6 of a second) flashing on the screen in time with speed techno music. I think he is clever, but there is no place in horror because he completely removes any sense of terror or tension even from the gross effect, because you can not see anything long enough to react to it. You just watch those shots passing through the screen and wonder what the director thinks when he decided it would be good to put something like that in the movie. <br /> <br /> I saw how many people compare this movie to Resident Evil, mainly claiming that they are copying the premise of this movie and are right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case with Resident Evil, it was not an artificial virus that turned people into walking dead who were able to infect other people, changing them in the way vampires turn others into vampires. 28 Days Later was also clearly the inspiration for this movie, it's a shame that House of the Dead did not do one thing, except a bit of a dumb idea to put short shots in the video game on which it's based, in case you forgot. I really think it should be a much better movie. Unless, of course, I can say that I know a lot about the game on which it is based, only the title and the movie poster deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think it is more often than in horror movies. It's really sad when a movie comes out, which is so clearly advertised as a horror movie in which there are no restrictions, and the worst thing in the whole movie is the final movie that suggests the possibility of continuing.
