Lynn Hollister, a lawyer from a small town, travels to a nearby big city in business related to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man in spite of a woman's Christian name.) Did writers try to refer to the fact that John Wayne's name was "Marion"?) Hollister initially thinks of Johnny's death as an accident, but soon realizes that Johnny he was murdered. Further research reveals a network of corruption, crime and electoral fraud related to Boss Cameron, the leading light in the political machine of the city. <br /> <br /> It sounds like the plot of a criminal crime thriller, probably made in the movie noir, which began to gain popularity in 1941. "A Man Betrayed", despite his motive, is a more light romantic comedy than a crime drama. Hollister falls in love with the attractive daughter of Cameron, Sabra, and then the film concentrates so much on their resulting romance, as on suspense elements. <br /> <br /> This movie could just work if it was serious. drama. One of the reviewers claims that John Wayne is not credible as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in any movie, and a hard lawyer fighting against organized crime would probably be in his compass. Where do I agree with this reviewer when he says that Wayne was not a Cara Grant performer. A romantic comedy just was not on his street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors may be required to play any role that their bosses demanded from them, whether they were on the street or not, and because Wayne was one of the few main stars working for them. Republic Pictures No doubt I wanted his mileage to be as long as possible. <br /> <br /> He said that even Cary Grant himself could not create the comedy "A Man Betrayed". This is not a reflection on his comic talents; it is a reflection on the total lack of funny material in this film. I doubt if anyone, no matter how well they developed their sense of humor, could find something in it that they could laugh at. The laid-back tone of the film does not make him a successful comedy; it simply prevents serious treatment of it as something else. This is one of those movies that are neither fish, meat, birds, nor a good red herring. 3/10
