First of all, I did not know anything about "Mazes and Monster" before watching it. I had no idea about the controversies associated with role playing or that it was a film made for television. When I looked at the cover (updated DVD), I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like "Legend", with Tom Hank as a nerdish hero from the eighties, entering the mythical world to save the princess from the evil labyrinth of the monster. Sounds exciting, right? This is what the cover suggests at first glance. I received this film as a gift, of course under the same assumption, because my aunt knows that I'm in action movies with the medieval theme of myth. And this is Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I threw in this movie, expecting a good movie with Tom Hanks in the world of special effects from the 80s that would be good to laugh. <br /> <br /> No! Nothing happens. Before I go any further, I'll admit I'm a loser, but I'm not interested in role-playing games. It's all about this movie, so my interest in content is lukewarm at best. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Is not even a good movie based on role playing with nice maniacs who use their imagination to enter the world of wonder. No! This is a film about an anti-role game that had to be created by some religious people (the same people who also think that Barney is a work of Satan). I understand, Satan is a tricky guy, but I do not think he's desperate enough for the soul to put the RPG lovers to sleep. This film is THEE antigamer movie. Here's what I get from this movie: he hates RPG games and not only ridicules people playing roles, but makes poor Tom Hanks a mental patient. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to volleyball in "Castaway", the poor guy was alone, but Tom somehow caused his madness to be fun and you literally saw volleyball as a nice character thanks to the good game of Tom. I would like to watch this movie instead. In this video, Tom is attacked by a creature created by a believer (looks like a badly made mascot for an RPG team) and has a split personality that is terrifying at best. Tom's acting goes beyond making you feel bad about his character and nothing more. I get that poor guy lost his brother and it is not in his head because the movie wins points for deliberate tragic. I'm not one of the films that use mental illness, and the ending of "M & M" made me feel like cr * p. Fortunately, I later saw "Hudson Hawk" and laughed well before my soul was crushed. Yes, "HH" exceeds "M & M" by. . . much! This is not one of Tom's better films. In fact, this is the most depressing movie I've ever seen (even "Saving Private Ryan" is not depressing). I went in the hope that I would watch a good movie and I ended up feeling exactly the opposite. If you want to watch a sad (both emotionally and visually) movie, watch it. If this video is to be forwarded, it's "Do not play RPG if you're a Coco-Puff Cuckoo".
