The psychology of this film is really strange when I try to figure it out. It is often an anti-RPG movie, but it really is not that simple. Here are the obvious contradictions that make me wonder what (if any) they are trying to say about games. <br /> <br /> They professionally introduce all characters from family life to the beginning, all parents who are divorced, alcoholic and completely deprived of contact with their lives, except when they are pushing hard for them to succeed. Tom Hanks is probably the worst of those who have simply failed in another school and are still dealing with a brother who has disappeared and can be dead. <br /> <br /> It is mentioned several times that they are playing a game to solve problems in their real life. And finally, when they go to Robbie (Hanks), everyone is happy and well-adapted, start an adult career, solve problems, put off games (Daniel does not even design a game computer), and even Robbie's mother, who is constantly drunk and dissatisfied She suddenly becomes a Happy Housewife, looking fresh and bright, arranging flowers. <br /> <br /> Sure, JJ suddenly (and quite cheerfully) decides to commit suicide, but it seems that he is completely, because he is a lonely genius boy who can not make a date, and not because his character he dies, as in Jacek Chick's famous treatise (which happens anyway later, and it seems that he does it on purpose, so that he can end Daniels' play and get everyone to play him. In fact, the prospect of playing live) in caves seems to be the only the thing that saves him from suicide!) And in the coolest tableau scene in the whole movie, Kate, looking very nice in his chain mail, looks straight at the camera and says something like: "The most terrible monsters are in our minds." <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this movie are two bandits passing through a rich pair so they can rob a dirty, homeless guy with his magical bean. The recurring theme ("The Way We Were" in the 1980s) could have been overwhelming at the end, but as a way to start the film is downright depressing and seems out of place. And for one final secret, our hero, dressed in full Pardu regalia, has a psychotic break, he becomes completely his character and embarks on an expedition, so of course the first thing he does is change into street clothes in the twentieth century. <br /> <br /> So maybe the movie is irrational, but I think it has to do with an irrational topic. In those days, a circle of children with dice and pencils was considered contaminated and perhaps possessed, and you could go crazy if they talked to you about them. The anti-game paranoia is largely summarized in the first scene, where the reporter asks the policeman what's going on, the cop says the kids got lost in the tunnels and there is a chance that the mazes and monsters are somehow involved. The reporter admits that he is vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his children to play it), then he turns to the camera and collapses a polished spiel who blames the game for everything and gives no opportunity for another explanation. After all, this is not a masterpiece, but interesting as for television films.
