A few weeks ago, the German broadcaster "SAT1" advertised this movie as a "TV event of the year" - I'm sorry, but I've seen better things on TV this year. <br /> <br /> I did not think much about the movie, but soon I mentioned two other awful movies when I watched the commercial - Titanic and Pearl Harbor, because the picture looked so familiar: "The heroine" (if I can really call it that) in the middle and her two "loved ones" next to her - whoever Pearl Harbor? In fact, the love story is the version of this poor man at Pearl Harbor, and it was already weak! <br /> <br /> But if I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, in the end I decided to watch this trash. The film begins with the departure of a family doctor for a military strike against Russia at the end of the Third Reich, promising his wife that he will return. Now quickly until spring 1948: Germany lost the war, and allies and Russia captured the country and both are trying to eliminate the world power and their ideology: capitalism versus communism. Well, I think you already know the story because you have to know it - the movie really does not care so much about it and literally throws itself on historical facts. The film attempts to present the US government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during air transport, especially Great Britain, which was responsible for almost a quarter of its rations despite the fact that their country was bombed from the country they are trying to help. <br /> <br /> Very annoying were also the historical remarks that people said in the film, as when the heroine's mother tells her daughter that Germany can be divided into two parts with the answer: "It's impossible!". Or when Stalin (in which the director thought we were just holding the actor's similar-looking mustache and looking like him) says that Russia must stop the spread of "Coca Cola" in Germany. Yes, if Stalin ever said something like that. Or there is this one US pilot who tells his colleague about the bread with meat and everything that is possible - please! Burgers were invented WAY before this time. <br /> <br /> In the film you will see a map showing airlines, which is fun, the map looks like it came straight from a laser printer - in '48. US General Lucius Clay, whose main idea was to stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a guy who is malicious and grouchy, and all the ideas that historically liked air transport and improving this idea come from the fictional character of Phillip Turner's interest in the main actress, which leads me to other aspects: few film-making African-American soldiers, there were two of them in the whole film! Relations between American soldiers and German civilians were also not allowed, and thanks to the disclosure of such a relationship, an American soldier would be sent home. I do not want to say that there were no connections at all, but in this movie there was a couple who almost married, If not for the death of the pilot in his fake CGI airplane, which looked terribly unrealistic, especially CGI fire! <br /> <br /> If it were not enough, all the Americans in this movie spoke German without accents, although they were in Germany only for a few months - I also look like an American living in Germany for my whole life, and even I have a small one accent. The child's acting was particularly bad - the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-look-monotonous-a-robot" and smiling. <br /> <br /> In total, the film was boring from beginning to end moving too slowly, especially the love story, which was the same as the one in Pearl Harbor, only halfway through the dialogue. Sadly, the movie was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.83 million the second part the next day after SAT1 received two more wins in overall market share and a huge win in the commercial group. But as always, I think: the biggest pile of nonsense is the place where most flies fly into.
