First of all, I should mention that I really liked the previous movie ISHII Katsuhito "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although the debt belonged to Tarentin's "Pulp Fiction", Ishii's cast consisted in transferring the story, and the entire movie slammed with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly engaging. There was action, intrigue, bizarre characteristics, enough sex to keep things interesting and completely unpredictable. <br /> <br /> So with some anticipation and optimism, I started to see "Party 7" And my enthusiasm was certainly raised by the initial credits that left my wife and really stunned by how dynamic and exciting they were; the mix of anime and live work was brilliant! Then the right movie began. Actually, it's not so much a "start" as a little shuffle in the side door and standing there, burying in the pockets, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The whole film takes place in three rooms. One is a paradise for a futuristic voyeur (borrowed a little from "Shark Skin Man ..."), the other is a travel office, and the third (and definitely the most used) is a dingy hotel room. In this room, a cast of seven characters meets and ... does nothing. Really. I do not know how to "talk" movies. One of my favorite movies is "My Dinner with Andre", the best speaking film. "My Dinner with Andre" is much more exciting and has two middle-aged men who discuss their lives during dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally just groans at each other throughout the movie. "No, you do not!" "Yes!" "No, really not!" "Yes, really!" "No, really, really not!" Yes, really ... "I hope I have an idea. I would like the director to have it. <br /> <br /> "Impreza 7 is an incredibly uninteresting movie. There is only the most delicate thread (money stolen from Yakuza, as in "Shark Skin Man ..."), which is accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialog. Characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii had taken the breakaway conversation moments from Tarentino films and built a whole movie around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their own internal logic and wit ("they call it" Royale, with cheese "). Not in this case in a dialog that is boring than you can imagine. If it were not for a short, cheerful episode of Gashuina (which is always wonderful) and a low key for the amazing ASANO Tadanobu, I would give "Party 7" a single star. It was really hard to go all the way.
