Ever since I saw the other three, I came to the conclusion that I might as well do it for the television part of the fourth series of Omen. As an independent film, this movie is mediocre; but as a continuation of the 1976 masterpieces; it's a parody. The film follows the same route on which many series "goes down when they lack ideas; this is the idea of ​​men's change to a woman. It is always obvious that this film was made for television, because acting is very standard, the plot is devoid of ideas, and the macabre scenes of murders seen in the previous three are kept bloodless. The film keeps the thread with the original, which I will not reveal as obvious; this revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The storyline is largely a copy of the original Richard Donner and they see how the young couple adopt a child that they call Delia (thankfully not Damiella or Damian). A big dog and a child's guardian is at stake; and soon the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be quite normal; as she has a menstruation at the age of eight and has never suffered from any diseases ... <br /> <br /> The first two sequels of The Omen were not bad at all, and the series should really end in third place. I think there was money involved somewhere, because there really is no artistic reason why this film should be made. It does not bring anything to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing that can succeed are the annoying fans of the series. The film looks and feels like a TV movie all the time and usually plays like a movie about the difficult upbringing of a young girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but he never convinces himself that he is the Antichrist, because her looks are unnecessary, and the majority of the "evil" she does is ridiculous. Faye Grant receives the most meaty role and does not impress; while the rest of the cast regrets that she agreed to play in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is the melody of the theme, which of course has been broken off from the original; and is abused. In general, this movie is not really worth seeing; because it does not provide anything from which the series is known, and does not even capture the fame of the other weaker part.
