and that's how it happened. In my experience, when the horror achieves the status of a "franchise", and subsequent titles are issued later, all of them in turn are affected by one unavoidable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: Awakening is not an exception to this rule, with another small child supposedly embracing their role of Antichrist, foretold by religious prophecy. We have not seen this before? Was it not enough that during the three films from before this release we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorna? If you are a horror enthusiast like me, you will realize that it is common for a horror that has many sequels and admissions to recognize it, disappears in redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; and so on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to see the fourth title in the series. Regardless, there are situations when you sit down and you realize how shameless some filmmakers are. Omen IV: Awakening is just the same - shamelessly making money. <br /> <br /> This movie offers nothing new or intriguing to the Omen lineup. As unique and authentic as Omen IV tries to compare with his siblings, the similarities and plot devices are embarrassingly similar. Elements such as guard dog, priest's involvement, skepticism of the people involved, death scene with decapitation (clearly a tribute to the original film, when the journalist is beheaded by the glass) ... even to the father's commitment to politics and prestige in the community makes It is too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although you often play B-Rated in horror so far in the series, the acting is inaccessible, full of ridiculous and unintentional humor because of the weakness provided by the lines throughout this film. The atmosphere completely disappeared in comparison with the first three titles. In addition, the epic score composed by Goldsmith in previous films was replaced by an auditory disaster; an absolute joke and made me wonder if it was really intended to be used in this movie, or just pulled it out of the "bank" audio store ... which really says something, because I rarely comment on the poor misuse of the musical rating - up to now. <br /> <br /> In total, I would call Omen IV: Awakening failure. In the world of horror films that carry a long list of titles, some manage to hit the target, and some do not. If you are interested in creating another cut in your faded horror belt, such as myself, for completion, maybe you could also have the title in it - if not for entertainment value, appreciate when the movie is done properly or poorly.
