Omen IV: Awakening begins at St. Frances Orphanage ', where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) receive a daughter of Yvonne's sister (Megan Leitch), whom she adopted, they call her Delia. At the beginning, everything goes well, but when the years pass and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows up, Karen becomes suspicious of her when death and catastrophe accompany her, Karen is convinced she is angry. Karen learns that she is pregnant, but discovers an ominous conspiracy to use her as a surrogate mother for the next Antichrist and is shocked to find out who Delia's real father was ... <br /> <br /> Originally to be directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard, who resigned or was released and was replaced by Jorge Montesi, who graduated from the film, but why he was concerned about anyone, like Omen IV: Awakening is absolutely horrible and disgraceful compared to his excellent predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is fun, I'm not sure if this nonsense actually looked good as a word written on a piece of paper, but there are so many things in it that it's even hard to believe. As a serious movie Omen IV: AWakening falls on your face and really works better, if you look at it as a comedy trick, I mean the scene at the end, when the detective comes face to face with the singing group zombie carols who sing an ominous gothic song, they must to be considered believers and I thought it was absolutely fun and funny to say the same. Then there is a pointless difference between this and other Omen movies, because this time it is a young girl, the question I ask here, why? Seriously, why? There is no reason at all and it is not used at all for any effect. Then, of course, at the end is stupidity, which claims that Delia maintains her brother's embryo in herself and that in an evil conspiracy with a group of followers of Satan he was implanted in Karen so that she could give birth to Antichrist, he is a moron and looks like an ordinary fool. At first it has some entertainment value in how bad it is, but unintentional gaiety gives way to complete boredom sooner than later. <br /> <br /> Of course, you can not know how much Omen IV: The Awakening was directed by Girard and Montesi, but you can say that everything behind the camera is not very good, because it is a poor, cheap looking movie that has been badly made created for the needs of television and shows it with nondescript, flat and unimaginable cinematography and production. Then there is a total lack of terror, atmosphere, tension and gore, which are the main elements that made previous Omen films so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget had to be quite low and the movie looked like it was. The best stylish thing in Omen IV: The Awakening is the last shot where the camera floats in the air when Delia walks away to reveal a cross in the shape of a cross made by two overlapping paths, but this is the last shot before the final credits end almost everything. I have to mention music that sounds terrible, more suitable for comedy and is very inappropriate sound. Acting is okay at best, but as always the kid gets upset. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: Awakening is nonsense, it's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and ends up being stupid. Changing the director probably did not help, but it still is not an excuse. The last Omen movie, which appeared after the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), all this far outweighs it.
