Only Antichrist could have been for such a catastrophe. One can only hope that this irony motivated the "film"! This movie was so bad that I forced myself to register with IMDb, finally to destroy it. What makes the film even more tragic is that it has such a GREAT source material! I have never seen a movie in which all the elements would be so grotesquely mediocre that the result would be smaller than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> It may seem insignificant, but I would like to start with the score. As a proud owner of a music degree, I have to register my indignation! I was torn between laughter and dry waves as I listened to what John Scheffer had done with Goldsmith's great result; it was far more gruesome than any of the burlesque scenes of death and almost as unintentionally comedic. It was by far the most inadequate result I've heard since, well, I can not really come up with a worse result. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> Regarding the story ... I'm sorry. New Age Mysticism ??? What happened to the raw realism of the original trilogy? In these movies (more in the first two than in the third, but still !!) the supernatural was mostly implied and it was this subtlety that made the films so incredibly credible. We have crystals here that become black (calling all Skeksis and Mystics !!) and a lot of inverted crucifixes, although in some scenes crucifux would be completely normal, but for the camera. The sophisticated psychological manipulation that affected the ill-being of our collective psyche has disappeared: in its place a surly "cheek" in the face of transformed stereotypes and transparent incompetence. Add to this a leading "actress" so incredibly SATISFIED that she warmly thanks the director for the scenes from which she is absent. I've never seen a little girl so fundamentally annoying that little Stephanie ruined EVERYTHING FAMILY. <br /> <br /> Besides, I do not have strong feelings about it ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are skillful enough to make this train wreck a wasted unimportant celluloid or, at most, a study on how NOT to make a movie. Watch out! If you're lucky, they can induce vomiting.
