After just 15 minutes in this film, I began to long for the earlier, more important films of Zhang Yimou, which looked at politics and the society of China from unique perspectives. In my humble opinion, his return to films about martial arts was a serious mistake. The hero was his worst film since the Cougar operation, with an unnecessarily complicated story and a more wooden action than in the movie by John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for several years (and understands and can speak Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion differs from many others because I come from a different background. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie, and certainly is not a wuxia pian movie. There are no elements of the sword and sorcery or chivalry here. It's a completely different vehicle than the infinitely more viewing movies, such as A Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake and others. While all of them had charismatic leaders who looked as if they really liked what they were doing, SMMF has a mild and sometimes laughable dialogue with carton. Zhang Ziyi plays the blind and Ben Affleck. In this film there is an atmosphere of superiority that is really offensive. It takes so seriously, it just becomes a huge joke to the end. All the actors look as if it was the most important piece of celluloid in history, destroying all chances to convey emotions, and the complete carelessness of it really makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou did the film itself, or just a show (ie "amplifier" ego ") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera literally deals with the face and the film more than once, but twice gets sexually attacked. Her range of activity did not really exceed her ability to play naive itching. She is so focused on her acting that she is cold and deprived of life, as if she was reading her words from a note. It's so funny to hear American critics and filmmakers (like Quentin Tarantino completely unaware) call this movie a masterpiece. I think if they see a group of Asian actors on the screen who look really important while flying in a bamboo forest, they're tricky to think it's genially filming. Ching Siu Tung for his choreography, while maintaining his characteristic style, editing and attitude, is devoid of the vitality and originality of his earlier films, such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the wire in this movie is really imperfect, and if you're dealing with an inaccurate / obvious wire, you probably should not film it at high speed. The same applies to special effects that have a significant impact on the film B. Bean, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly in the air (after casting) regardless of logic, turns, climbing and banking, as if inside it was small remote. I know that logic does not really take place in stylized Chinese martial arts films, but if you do not want to induce mass chuckle among the audience, then you probably should work on your composer a bit more. Mass melodrama, involuntarily funny dramatic moments, boring battle scenes, really boring twists are what awaits you from Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou no longer makes films for the Chinese audience. This is to break the western market, as did CTHD. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to do Hollywood movies, it is certainly the right start. SMMF is basically The Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts movies. And I thought Hero was bad.
