OK, so I rented this movie - clown-Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire, I did not expect much, but I liked the new approach to the serial killer. (at the back of the box is the following summary) "In the beginning it was just a joke - a myth around the fire - for five friends staying in a distant cabin in the forests of Texas. But when they started to disappear one by one - one, replaced by scattered, bloody parts of the body and voodoo images, the others are struggling for their lives, but he is there and he is sick, and all he wants is blood ... no makes sense: why the clown in the forest? Why a clown? Why are their dolls with the word "food" drawn on them? Why Why Why? Within 1 hour, 30 minutes are almost unresponsive. bored fest, except where the clown lives. The heroes are stupid guys, stupid girls and a damned lot of eccentricities. One of them is, in particular, the girl they brought from the restaurant up the road they thought they should help because she was humiliated by some guy she knew. What justifies this as an excuse to bring a girl to a circle of friends or their booths? She, of course, begins to plant jealousy, having men sex with her, feeding their stupid minds to all they want to hear. <br /> <br /> Music was an average thing (standard crazy music on the keyboard as in any horror without any differences). The actors seemed to be brought from some soap opera, just as they complained and moaned about everything. The idea that the main guy in the movie takes this girl to the booth, because their first date is a horrible date, but of course unrealistically gives himself back to him on the first night of getting to know him. It seems that almost no budget was spent, but there was a clown costume in the forest and a lot of cheap dolls in the shop for $ 1, which was a terribly nondescript place to make this whole movie (it was done too many times). I also waited for the clown to jump into the house to kill the other 4 characters of the film (maybe through the glass), but nothing so exciting did not enter the movie. I suppose you liked the clown to be a killer or something like that. <br /> <br /> I had to give the movie 3. It was an interesting premise (a clown as a character of a Texas chainsaw massacre) and I will give them a star for serious behavior when the film could be a whole B movie movie, but they decided for a more legal video style. But in the end, I would probably like to borrow Killer Klowns from Mars again before I return to check it out. Ah, but it covers art ... quite an amazing drawing.
