Far from the caffeine kick you would expect from a movie that has its name with the most energizing hot drink, Coffy focuses and never goes above the fact that it's just a revenge story. Indeed, if the film were a cup of coffee, it would be rather weak and watery, cluttered with a few undesirable settlements and lacking a lasting aftertaste. Occasionally he goes to the scene, but otherwise is not a hot drama of the action to be. <br /> <br /> Coffy is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and provides tough justice to pushing drugs, lady-pimpin, mob-suckers that have brought her younger sister into a depraved, sick condition. The socio-political commentary on the difficult situation of black urban youth in America is visible in Coffy and makes some thought-provoking things, such as Coffa's crusades against political corruption and the racism of the white establishment, profit and act as parasites in targeted afro American minorities. Unfortunately, current news is undermined by the poor quality of the film and lack of focus. Coffy's ideas are important, they are simply not well-targeted. <br /> <br /> One of the advantages of Coffy is the presence of the icon Blaxploitation Pam Grier. Grier is enthusiastic about his role and makes her become an attractive heroine of the action, shooting at scum in her often spectacular acts of violence against guards (how do you deal with a house full of hoods? Drive the car through the front door!). It is a pity that the plot sometimes turns around, wasting time squeezing as much sexual use as possible. The low budget did not help, but the fact that in the case of Blaxploitation film does not matter. Just as problems are undermined by a lack of quality, entertainment and emotions are also distorted by moments of dullness and improper management. <br /> <br /> The total result is hard-working and wooden. We get a hip-hero, but not a hip-hop movie. It's a pity, because Coffy has his moments and should rightly be considered a key film in the madness of Blaxploitation; it never rises above the average summer number.
