I could not believe that this movie comes from 2007, It had the appearance of the average horror of the seventies. Did not they have any knowledge about modern special effects or CGI?!? Did they not know that in the millennium, violence in alleged horrors and / or sci fi films should be at least a bit graphic? Or maybe I misunderstood, is it to be a deep and meaningful story about a man and an animal, connected in a great life cycle, or a warning to humanity, not to mess with Nature, or something like that? It does not matter, it turned out that it was bad, and for me this movie failed on all accounts. <br /> <br /> First of all: the premise is very unlikely. If at the time you are able to replace the entire eye, no responsible medical scientist will start his first human trial with both eyes at the same time as it is completely unprofessional. And do all this apparently without the informed consent of the patient ?! And why on earth they choose eyes that have a completely unusual color for people and make the victim look like a freak ?! Incidentally, I noticed that all the real wolves in the film had normal dark eyes resembling a puppy, could not they wait for such a specimen? The story is bad, it's about that poor guy Aaron who gets these strange eye transplants that suddenly make him feel like a wolf-donor (or so I do), and then he's chased by some of the military. Especially the last piece is funny. I mean, I understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers with visual sight!), But because the operation fails due to the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, then also why he is not supposed to kill him. Why not leave him alone and look for another useful recipient? (maybe a volunteer soldier?). And why are you trying to kill all who are associated with poor Aaron, is not that a bit steep ?! Who the hell are these troops, I hope that neither the American army nor the government, behave like psychopaths, walk around the hospital, waving an automatic weapon, invade private apartments like after some public enemy # 1 and display during the final show in the forest total no discipline, like a group of frightened students, panic and shoot randomly around. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some unfathomable medical reason, feels like a wolf after transplant eyes. Why would it be ?? Suddenly he sees visions of wandering wolves. What is this? Should we believe that the memories of the wolf donor are in his eye sockets?!? And that the recipient of these eyeballs also accepts the wolf's thirst for red (living) meat and can jump off the 30-meter balcony and land unscathed on all fours like a cat (can a wolf do it ?!). <br /> <br /> Acting (or lack thereof) also did not help in credibility of all this: everyone stumbles over their lines like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she can be pretty, but she can come up with only one expression (exasperated ) and some unselfish mumbling about the power of Nature, and beats me, why suddenly Aaron is over her (but hey, there must have been at least one love scene!). I really sympathized with the actor Cory Monteith, who seems to be a nice guy with a fairly handsome face, but they did not give him much to do. For more than half of the movie, he has to run around with a naked chest, which would be nice to watch, but then they'd better pick someone with a more impressive figure, Monteith should really leave his shirt. His (few) killings and attacks are barely visible, we just hear some growling and screams of fear, and then another victim lies and Aaron with more blood on his face and chest. Not much for modern science-fiction horror! The only good acting comes from Justine Bateman and I really like to see her mature and beautiful forties. She did what she could with her stupid lines, and even convinced me that I was this physician with good intentions, but they made her character become a kind of wimp that is completely ruled by the leader of these armed forces. It is a pity that the scenario did not make her get up yet a bit! <br /> <br /> It finally sums it up as a stupid and rather boring movie, scarcely frightening or thrilling, with incredible events, many long, similar to National Geographic visions of wolves running in the woods and slopes (who cares ?!) , some pretentious Indian wandering about Man and Nature and an uneven score with poppy songs at the most inopportune moments. I think the word "unnecessary" covers all this.
