A hybrid start as a water treatment The bodyguard of the planet Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) takes part in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, the brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), who works for Olaris, has developed an organ transplant operation from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron would be perfect for her first human experiment. Hewitt and her team transplant Wolf's eyes to Aaron and miraculously regains vision. Brilliant, right? Well, not really, since Aaron starts going crazy, seeing random images of the Wolves and getting bloodshed. Aaron escapes from the Olarisa building and goes on tour, but it is too valuable to just let go, and the full-scale search is mounted to catch it ... <br /> <br /> Director: Jelena Lanskaya is another Sci- The Fi Channel offer, which is just awful in every way, I think it probably started life as a simple Creature function, but ended up as one of the most boring and boring Sci-Fi Channel movies that I've seen that it is not. t even has any kind of monster or creature. The hybrid is terrible, the script is horrible and I'm not even sure who to refer to. The initial setup is okay when Aaron gets Wolf's eyes, but then Hybrid digs up sci-fi elements and becomes a kind of horrible drama because it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state when he's thinking about doing nothing with some native American woman . Yes, do not you think that the Sci-Fi Channel can make a movie about the Wolves and put a lot of trash there about the mythology of Native Americans? The character's dynamics are bizarre, Aaron is shown as a persecuted protagonist, but he is the only character who kills everyone in the movie and is quite unlikely, ungrateful and irritating person, while Dr. Hewitt is shown as a bad scientist, but she gives Aaron a look back and does nothing but tries to help him. I mean, Aaron gives the gift of seeing, but Hewitt is a villain? There is also a regular military intervention by the American channel Sci-Fi Channel, the problem is, why do they want Aaron so much? He is not a soldier and he has the eyes of the Wolves, who help him see in the dark, he is completely unbearable. The script can not make the mind alright, is it all in Aaron's mind or is it real, the ending is fun bad half-naked (remember it was done for television) Aaron runs through the forest with a pack of Wolves set to some horrible music which in my opinion is supposed to be emotional, but even more fun. There are so many things with Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's virtually no action, there are no Werewolves, and the movie goes around trying to get into Aaron's mind, but it's all so funny, stupid and boring that you do not care some and never has any explanation why, despite the fact that the Wolves have transplanted eyes, Aaron begins to develop the other senses of the Wolf. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic I have eye problems, hell, I had a serious operation on the right Eye and I can guarantee you that after the surgery your eye will be bloated, you will not be able to open it and it will hurt like hell, despite eye transplants whenever Aaron woke up in bed, his eyes are perfect with no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood, no blood, no violence, nothing to excite you. In fact, now I think that there is nothing strange about it, horror or science fiction, it's like a gray movie of the week. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Manitoba, Canada, the movie looks good, but it is bland and forget it. Acting is weak from everyone involved, none of whom I have seen before and hopefully never again. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a scary movie that is obviously sold as the "Creature of" the Werewolf, but it is far from it and most people will really try to reach the terrible ending that will probably get you in the seams.
