The story sounds quite interesting ... the scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optic nerves to other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) blind saves his colleague at work - the scientist receives a phone call from a doctor saying that this young man is a good candidate for the first human recipient. The recipient begins to become more like a wolf, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and running at night with dogs! (in the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue is too stiff (I laughed out loud from some funny conversations), and the acting was too inept. Long fragments of the film are nothing but a dreamy look, amazing music and intermittent wolf clips in the wild. Too long, even after 90 minutes, boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The army wants to use eye grafts to give the wounded soldiers back their sight and they probably want to militarize the technology. There is a stupid thread about a beautiful Indian girl (Korea) who thinks she can help using Indian wisdom about wolves. They love each other when you hear heavy music on drums and Indian chants - crazy, man! Making love takes place right after the macabre murder - who edited this turkey ?! A grumpy "medic" who throws away cliches seems to be scarce, with the exception of adding atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two funny scenes. A research laboratory worker goes to the animal room to discover that the monkeys have been released from the cages. She is afraid, she looks left at the monkey, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left ... it lasts for a while (who edited ??). EXIT WITH DAMN LAB! It was so stupid that I started laughing. Another funny scene - our hero is at home, escapes through the window when the armed soldiers arrive - leaves the window open, the soldiers go to the open window, look out the window, say: "looks like he was here", and leave! He left through the open window, guys !! Insane. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the soldiers are firing machine guns in circles over trees, when of course there is nothing there - it's easier to place them. They have 6 machine guns that cut down the trees, but they decide to fight our hero with one knife !!! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this trash? In the end, there is a pointless confrontation and believe me that I'm not spoiling you - there is not enough conspiracy to spoil it. <br /> <br /> I think that the whole thing was a tax deduction or a hasty job to use the unused budget left over from the better movie.
