I do not understand people. Why this movie gets 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had high hopes for this movie, but when I was about half an hour I just wanted to leave the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this site, people say that this is one of the best action movies they've seen (or years, years, etc.). They say it is an excellent conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has been included (apart from the fact that Bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot and fight better than anyone else)? What will you learn about the character of Bourne in this movie ????????? Absolutely nothing ****** !!!!!!! Okay, there's a lot of action, but what's so great about the action in this movie? I do not like cinematography and film editing. The shaky camera effect and rapidly changing shots were too WEAR and are aging fast (it did not bother me in Supremacy because it was still easy to follow and was not used in excess) and made me stunned. I quickly regretted that I did not spare money for something else. <br /> <br /> This movie has no story. The whole movie is a 115-minute chase. Bourne, about which you will not know anything within 115 minutes of the movie, is a perfectionist in everything he tries. There is absolutely no character development in this movie, you do not know anything about anyone, and many new characters have been introduced in this part. Some people said that this movie has amazing writing and tension. ??????????? !!!!!!!! What letter? What voltage? There is no tension. Bourne is so great at doing everything he does, I do not think he has anything to worry about. If this is the best movie of the year 2007, I can simply stop watching all the movies !!!! <br /> <br /> Many people have also said that Matt Damon's performance in this movie is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. What performance? How many lines did he have in this movie ??? I have respect for Damon because he played in movies that I liked and played in all sorts of characters, but a good actor is someone who can hardly be recognized from one movie to another, someone who chooses different types of roles. Not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (which Damon does not do, but is an example of someone doing Vin Diesel). <br /> <br /> In any case, this movie was a BIG disappointment for me. I do not recommend this film, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy) and I definitely recommend reading three books (which are much different than films).
