This low-quality universal aggregate has just been announced as the upcoming DVD version, but as part of a collection of similar films I already owned, I decided to purchase it from other channels instead of waiting for a legal release. What's equally good, because the end result was nothing special (if it was decent in this mood): for starters the plot is quite weak? although in a sense it provides THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), a vehicle of Vincent Price, although without any of the camp's taste of the film. In fact, we have here a penniless sculptor (Martin Kosleck) ?? which we can see even by sharing your miserable plate with cheese with your favorite cat! ?? who, after finding the late-ray pen, critic of Alan Napier's art, once too much, decides to end it all by throwing himself into a nearby river. However, considering this action, he is awaited by the murdered Hartton roundaber, called "The Vine" and, of course, he saves the life of a poor guy with the intention of doing this dirty work of gratitude! Although apparently set in the artistic circles of New York, all we really see at work is Kosleck and commercial painter Robert Lowery (who still paints the same statuesque blonde Joan Shawlee in banal poses? How does that relate to art?), Conveniently he is engaged to a rival art critic (Virginia Gray) from Napier's! Soon the other is discovered when he has a broken spine and suspects Lowery; but later investigative detective Bill Goodwin comes up with a bright idea to engage another critic to publish a scathing review of Lowery's work (I did not know that the sketches were reviewed !!) to assess how violent his reaction would be! In the meantime, Kosleck deceives himself by thinking that he is creating his masterpiece by sculpting the extremely crafty Hatton's hat? and recognizable ?? a face that, of course, draws the attention of Gray's visitor (we are convinced that she lacks material for the weekly column), to the disappointment of both the artist and the model. Surprising, although The Creeper is fully aware of what Gray looks like (due to the persecution of Kosleck's persecution), he falls into Shawlee ?? who was then Goodwin's girlfriend! ?? in Lowery's apartment and hearing Kosleck talking to (guessed) Gray about his intention to drop him as a fallen police guy, send a slow giant from his deep end? even to destroy his own already completed stone picture. Interestingly, although it was the penultimate movie of Hatton, his name in the subtitles is preceded by the epithet "introduction"!
