How often do the sheep look like the film that is supposed to appear. When only a few critics say that something new is good (ie "Shake-Cam"), everyone is jumping for fashion, as if they were deprived of independent thought. It was not a good movie, it was a scary movie. 1) Plot? - What plot? Bourne was chased from here to the end. This is the plot. Do not look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favour! Every 7-year-old armed with an old and damaged 8mm film camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This film is the driving force behind amazing amateur camera work. A funny trembling EVERY (I really mean every) scenery will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Reliable? - Yes, definitely. It is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved the scenes with Bourne chased by (local) police through the winding streets of Tangier. - I have BEEN to Tangier. Even the guides can not move on these streets, but Bourne shook off 100 policemen with speed and finesse. Greengrass must laugh at the naivety of his film students. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor was about when he made the movie, but I want a bit! - Each scene has from 0.5 to 2 seconds. At the end of the movie I felt nauseated due to the strobe effect of flashing "scenes". 5) Directing? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. It seems that the movie was NOT directed. More case of Greengrass throwing a copy of the script (all two sides) to the cameramen and ordering "shooting some drunken scenes". - "Do not worry, boys, we'll combine the scenes together in the assembly room." The editor should be torn, feathered and placed in wrestling to let this monstrosity hit the silver screen. - Putting a life on the line of someone they could not even be sure was not a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (While bad male CIA members plot a plot against an agent who even throws a paper clip on the floor). (Well, all people are bad, right? - Except SNAGs, of course). Yes, it is a really modern and politically correct movie that shows that women are the heroes of the day, and oppressive men are a real threat to humanity. 7) When you know what ultimately goes to the fan, good triumphs over evil (as always, what?) And the would-be killer comes across Jason Bourne - he suddenly goes through a guilt trip pulling the trigger (yes - okay ...) - at this point a bad deputy director appears - a gun in his hand and pulls the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old man run so fast and not even lose his breath? Miracles never end 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate hearing, and the villains are detained in court. Well, we can not have nasty, politically incorrect CIA agents shooting people, right? How nice to see the real life of P.C. movie from the nineties. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is complete trash.
