The number of fools in this episode was higher than the first 9. They do not follow their own ghost rules, in which the destruction of the body causes the spirit to dissolve. He dropped his other body. This body and Dean are falling 20 feet from Sam, but then they're right with Sam. Flashlights go out in an unlit night at night, and we still see everything. It is night, but light flows through the windows. The ghost who died in the 1960s makes cell phones? Come on! Sam can not get a psychiatrist to meet him the same day he makes an appointment, and the doctor talks to Sam as if it was not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew that there were other bodies in the sanctuary, and the innocent ghosts were still lurking and did nothing to help them. It does not look like what Winchester's boys would do. Oh, after creeping on a dirt-filled mattress and around the nasty asylum makeup and hair girls are perfect, not a stain on a white shirt. <br /> <br /> Although this episode had problems, the assumption was good and I was not scared a few times, but upset when Dean read the Elicots daily newspaper. I just knew that an object so personal to the spirit would attract him to the person who breaks his sanctity. Elicot did not show up. Perhaps it is the fault of such an important object or place (as the office of Elicota), which should attract the spirit when the living entity touches or enters. When they split up, I want to shout ... "yeah, you die! Always be together and watch each other! but they do not listen to me: oh, Spirit Elicot and his unique skill were a very nice touch. It's a show in prime-time, but I wish you a horror movie Elicota, which overwhelms one of its victims and uses anticipation of torture to continue persecuting us. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the stupid fools I gave 4. The sudden darkness or flickering lighting of the whole scene when the flashlight is flashing is all the more frightening. A lighter that lights up or enlivens the flashlight and immediately has a ghost on their face is shocking. I understand that the directors want us to see his scene, but then I will mention the obvious connection between Elicot touching the electric socket and the lights on. Let characters respond to the fact that a refuge without power suddenly has lights in one room. Blue white lights flicker like electric arcs, just like Elicot's finger power. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could have done better.
