... at least in the first half. If it started with three buddies in the navy and focused on the sea action scenes, it would be a much better and closer film. The second part of the movie is worth it, especially in the case of action sequences and close-up photographs of ships from the early 20th century, but it is like a boring toothache. Do not watch this movie just because Ginger Rogers is in it. It has an important role, but it is small. <br /> <br /> The film begins with showing three of New York's friends working in the tourism industry, as well as in the good-natured rivalry for Sally's (Ginger Rogers) hand, the singing candy saleswoman along the avenue. World War I breaks out, three buddies seem completely indifferent to the fight, and yet they enlist in the navy. One of the three with the smallest industry as a civilian (Bill Boyd as Baltimore) orders the commander to the other two (Robert Armstrong as Dutchman and James Gleason as Skeets). To make it more complicated, Sally fell in love with one of the three, but there is no chance to tell him before the three leave for war. <br /> <br /> The film is a little more interesting onboard the ship, mainly due to the close proximity of the ship itself, and also because the chemistry among the three buddies is credible. However, at the age of 49, James Gleason looks a little long for a tooth to be a cotton swab, especially when the sign in the haul office said that to be eligible, you must be between the ages of 17 and 35. <br /> <br /> One very obvious flaw in the movie that made me believe that everything outside the navy scenes was slapped with minimal care, it's a costume design, or, I should say, its lack. In the scenes in New York just before the First World War, everyone is dressed in the fashion from 1931. And all driving in cars from 1931 - no effort was made to introduce this film into the period. you watch a few scenes from Ginger Rogers in them, and the last 45 minutes in which the suicide mission takes place, you've seen everything worth seeing. The rest is an upholstery.
