Houseboat Horror is a great title of this movie. It's absolutely spot on, and therefore the only aspect of the movie that I can give 10 out of 10. There are residential boats, there is horror, there is even a horror that takes place on boats. But if there ever was a slogan for a movie poster, it would certainly be "Something like that ..." for Houseboat Horror is easily the worst Australian horror I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen, and quite a cruel attempt at filming in general. The good news is that it's so damned horrible that it flows straight through the viewer's contempt into the wonderful world of unintentional merriment. It's worth watching * because * it's terrible. <br /> <br /> The "worst" category does not come from the plot, for the simple reason that there is one: record producer, film crew and rock band goes to the mysteriously named Lake Infinity, a picturesque village retreat somewhere in Victoria (in fact Lake Eildon) to make a music video. Someone is not particularly happy to see them there, and perhaps, trying to do a favor to the audience, he begins to take them off with one sharp knife. Even more amazing is how long it takes the survivors to notice it, <br /> <br /> At first glance, it looks like a very shoddy B-movie destroyer. You have a very annoying youth, intolerant elderly, terrifying inhabitants (one of whom, serving a gas station would easily win the contest) and let's face it, my description of the killer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the acting and production values ​​were approximately as good as the comparative masterpiece, which was Friday XIII Part VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of both. <br /> <br /> But in the end it makes what you do become so funny and funny. Fans of the "Late Show" and "Get This" members of Tony Martin will already be aware of some real dialogue jewels ("Check the view ... push it!"), While the actual song accompany the music video is so bad that you have to hear it to believe - I can not resist thinking about whether the screenwriter / director Ollie Wood hoped it would indeed become a hit. The element of horror is comparable, I think with B-slasherami of this genre, and especially from the period, but there were situations when I could not imagine how someone bites the burger off the screen and sees a salvo of tomato sauce sprayed on the wall on the screen. <br /> <br /> Indeed, if you've been listening to Tony Martin recommending this movie as fun junk like me, I do not think you'll be disappointed. Any fan of the "yes-bad-to-good" horror should not pass the opportunity. Regardless of whether you "conquer" or not, it's another matter. If you're looking for real excellence in the Australian horror genre, get a copy of the incomparable "Long Weekend" and do not look back.
