When I remade the When A Stranger Calls remake, of course I was interested in watching the original. Then, when I read about the original (about which I remember, my sisters were completely scared that day), I saw that real money is on Black Christmas, which apparently beat everyone to the "blow of the caller at home". So I Netflix is ​​on top of my list for months because of "very long wait". All this time I see it more and more willingly! Then one day, soon, he will come! ... And this is total snoring. <br /> <br /> Sure, maybe I had higher expectations, but I do not think she would get more if I saw it fresh. It's Christmas in a Canadian university town, and the brotherhood organizes a party. We see some of POV's deadly shots as he climbs the trellis and sneaks into the attic. So we KNOW she's home. Then we present our heroes - Olivia Hussey as a murky, stressed, accented by Canada Jess. Margot Kidder as an annoying, apparently aggressive alcoholic Barb. She is so annoying that even her mother invites her to Christmas celebrations. There is also an annoying clone of Janis Ian ("Phil") and this alcoholic, Mac's mother, seen as they are pouring from various bottles of alcohol that she has hidden all over the house. We also meet the tense boyfriend Jess, Peter, played by Keira Dullea in 2001 and Bunny Lake who is the Missing fame, although halfway through the movie I still asked myself, "Who is Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> So it seems that the house was receiving obscene calls, but that was before the email, so they could not ask him to send the picture. And then - well, you know how they say that these plastic dry-cleaning bags are not toys? One of the sisters discovers it on your own skin. Do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 shots of the corpse with the plastic housing when it rests in the attic? - there will be 28 consecutive photos in the film, of course, just to say, "Oh, my God, there is a corpse in the attic! Although, after the first hour, he changes into: "How did the stupid police not find a fairly well placed plastic corpse in the attic?" Especially when it is clearly visible that it is clearly visible from outside the house. Really, before CSI appeared on the air, it had to be such a golden age of crime; the cops are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> In any case, after a much more boring human drama, the mother of the house is afraid that her precious kitty climbed up the vertical ladder and pushed a hard-looking trap door that rests on him (these devious cats!) because she puts her head in there and ends up with a hook on her neck for trouble. Now we have two corpses in the attic? - Hey, why do not we have 75 shots trying to freeze us with the fact that there are two corpses in the attic now? <br /> <br /> So now the police have started to take the situation seriously and touch the phone houses and put the policeman outside. They inform Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if an obscene interlocutor calls back, they must stop him on the phone. Jessica, who has become even more tearful, mouse and annoying, constantly asks the caller, "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you? "After the first 89 calls, when it is clear that he will not answer her. Is this not a sign of developmental disability? Inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what he's going to do, he'll suddenly say, "Oh yes, hello, it's Bob from the laundry"? Stupid Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! In any case, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are piled up in bed with ketchup splashed on their faces (the idea of ​​this movie is gore), and the idiot Jess realizes that not one door or window in the house is closed. Good morning? Are you persecuted or what? Then the cops realize that the killer is at home and they'll call Jess and tell her "do not ask questions, just do what I say? Go to the front door and leave. " So what's jerk Jess doing? He starts to shout, "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb? "Hey, great sister of the idea. Why do not you go upstairs, where do you know that a psychotic killer is lurking? Of course, yes, and he sees his old friends, everyone sprayed with ketchup, making the viewer cry out on the screen: "Now you have a clue?!" <br /> <br /> Now, of course, you should understand and be aware from the fact that this movie was made before the classic film tracks were in its place, and that it does not move at the same pace as we are used to, and see the plastic covered corpse in the attic, as 206 times it was terrifying during the day, and people did not they were used to being persecuted by psychopaths, so they would not think, you know, shut the door or windows. And they may be tempted to wander upstairs when they have just been told that a mad killer is upstairs. You see, people were stupid in the '70s. We must understand this. One of the great shocks is that we do not even see our proto-Final Girl killing psycho. But trust me, this fact is more interesting when you read it in this review than through the movie. No more dogs! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, check out Cinema de Merde, my site for bad and bad movies (with some good videos thrown in). The URL can be found on my email address above.
