Unhinged was part of the Video Nasty censorship selection that Great Britain built in the 1980s. Keeps bloody things out of children's hands, you do not know! Many had to wonder what this mess was about. According to today's standard, Unhinged is a small fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls are at a jazz concert ... and you immediately know that the number of bodies will be quite low. They get lost in the woods and end up in a car accident that looks so false that it's funny. They are picked up by local residents who live in a forest in a terrifying home. One of the girls is badly hurt and must stay upstairs. Then we talk. Speaking of why the girls are here and how they must be at dinner in time, because the mother does not like when someone is late. And more talking. Jakak Yakkita. Some uncertainty is built when a mad guy walks and harasses a girl, and one's eyeball looks through the holes in the walls for pretty girls in something that looks like Psycho Hitchcock. Digger, because there's so much blah in this movie that you're wondering when the killings will start. In fact, one of the girls is so bored that she walks in the forest, alone, looking for the city. Smart move. She probably knew about the lonely virgin walking alone in the woods, but that did not matter. More talks continue after we wait, wait and wait until the next girl can or can not be killed. <br /> <br /> And then there is the end of the bend. "Expected" unexpected for some viewers, real trouble for others. It is possible that ONLY the reason why someone would really like to see it. I do not care how twisted it is, nothing in this movie makes up for the most boring time I've seen. Even with the slight impact of the ending, the director just did not have what it takes to really handle him well. It would be a much better 30-minute - 1-hour television episode, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really need to get it for some reason, you can just say that you have watched every slasher movie, do yourself a favor and prepare a quick scroll button. Because the movie has so many irrelevant scenes, just zoom in and in a flash you'll get to "WOW, it's been all this time". Oh, in the middle of the movie there is a scene with two girls showing bees. Horray for boo-bees. These beautiful humming bees that produce honey.
