If someone sits down to watch Unhinged, it's probably because his ads, video boxes, whatever, scream that he has been banned in the UK for over 20 years (like virtually any unpleasant movie). It is true; exploitation and taboo stimulates people and attracts them with the promise of controversy. However, being a fan of exploitation, none of this was new to me. Advertisements that shout that the movie was banned in the UK does not necessarily make me watch it; in fact, the first thing that usually appears in my head is how disgustingly paranoid British censors. The way I came to this is simple: it promised it was gore and it was only $ 6.99. The price itself alerted me that I do not have any hope that it will be next Halloween, but cheap filling of the DVD collection never hurts. However, I forced myself to watch all this at one sitting, because I think that making a decision to save the rest for the next day makes you even less inspired to finish. Anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged I discovered that I came across the cheapest sleeping aid. I think distributors could make a fortune if they just changed their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> The Unhinged system comes from every common slascal from the 80's. There are no unnecessary shower scenes and exploitation. That's it. In any case, it starts with a group of three attractive colleagues who break up their car on the way to the concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are okay, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and has no commission for the rest of the movie. They are saved and get a shelter in the residence (of course they do not have a telephone, of course) with strange inhabitants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a male hater who always accuses Marion of stealing men home to sleep with them (echoes of Psycho?) . He also has a crazy brother Carl, who lives in the forest, because his mother's hatred of men is so intense that he does not let him stay at home. After a temporary suspension with Marion, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide they must contact their parents. Despite the warnings of all, Nancy is fighting dangerous forests to reach the phone (her fate is not difficult to predict). After that, we see Gloria, who is then quickly massacred with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, he decides that something is wrong with this photo and sets out to search for missing friends. Is it easier to say than to do it, but crazy Carl is lurking nearby? <br /> <br /> After watching Unhinged, I read an overwhelming number of reviews stating that Unhinged worked perfectly because building his subject required time that led to real tension before the moment of truth came to an end. Usually I do not involve other people's opinions in my reviews (especially when they are contrary to my views), but in this case I was so surprised by their reactions that I thought it would be important. This is because in reality the film is crawling. Usually, in order for the tactics of slow building to work, the audience must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger. Yes, we can see that two of them are murdered, but between them there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom. We realize that there is an assassin in the wild, but in the film we concentrate only three times; This means that there is no reason to be afraid of the victims. Instead, the film's events are explained not by the actions of the characters, but they are continuous for us through constant talk. If I can ensure this, there is only one thing that the scenes of the characters talking to each other for 75 minutes are very tedious. Nothing helps horrible action. It looks like it was another case where the director needed actors and decided to gather his friends instead of looking for someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course I would be a liar if I said that there is not one part of the movie that I liked. Specifically, the ending was one of the best I've seen in a slass movie; you just do not expect it to happen. Just knowing that the director had balls to do something like that is spectacular. Ah, I will not ruin this, nor will I say that the ending completely makes up for the rest of the film that is moving, but it will certainly attract your attention. In addition, the other two murder scenes bring at least some faster material, but it's not that you could not tell exactly who would die in the movie for fifteen minutes. Anyone looking for a bathhouse will be disappointed; these are the only gore scenes present. Of course, no scene can save the entire movie. I usually proclaim the doctrine that the worse it is, the better. Unhinged captured only one part of this concept. The whole movie feels Luke-warm; it's okay, but the director either was not experienced enough to make it work, or he just did not know what the hell he was doing.
