Invisible Maniac begins as a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) gets caught by his stern mother (Marilyn Adams) watching a girl (Tracy Walker) in his telescope ... Cut to 'Twenty Years Later' and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) is now a professor of physics who claims to have discovered a way to change invisible things using the "mollecular reconstruction" serum. However, during the demonstration in front of fellow scientists, he fails and everyone laughs at him, Dornwinkle goes mad, kills some of them and is locked up in the psychiatric institute, from which he escapes. Jump forward "Two Weeks Later" and a group of summer students discuss the tragic death of a physics teacher, when director Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she hired a deputy, yes, you guessed it was Dornwinkle. The student does not treat him or treat him as dirt, but Dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum and uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual desires and desire for revenge ... <br /> <br /> Co-creator and directed by Adam Rifkin wisely hiding under with the nickname of Rif Coogan (I would not like my name to be associated with this turd of the film). Invisible Maniac is the real bottom of the barrel. Rifkin's script, I'm sorry, Coogan and Tony Markes are awful. Trying to be a teenage hybrid of sex / comedy / horror, which fails in every department. For starters, sex is nothing more than a few women's scenes in the shower and a few boob photos, I'm not afraid anymore, and the birds in The Invisible Maniac do not even look so good. The comedy is bad and every joke is missing the proverbial mile, it's a kind of movie that thinks someone fighting an invisible man or having Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man trying to make a phone is funny. Invisible Maniac makes the Police Academy movies series (1984-1994) look like the height of sophistication! As for the horror aspect, it's bad too. It is also incredibly slow (takes over half an hour before Dornwinkles becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has very annoying and unacceptable teenage characters. <br /> <br /> The director of Rifkin or Coogan, or whatever is doing absolutely nothing, try and make The Invisible Maniac an even more enjoyable experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere, and film is a real duty. He does nothing with invisibility, only a few doors opening on his own are as risky as possible. There is very little blood or violence, a bit of blood splattering, a few excesses and the only decent piece in the whole movie, when someone has a rifle with a rifle, unfortunately he was invisible and we can only see the headless torso later. <br /> <br /> The budget had to be low, and I mean really low, because it is one seriously cheap movie. The Dornwinkles laboratory is basically two jars on a bedside table! When he escapes from a psychiatric facility, he has one dog sent behind him, and the whole school has about a dozen pupils and two teachers. The Invisible Maniac is a badly made film for 85 minutes, I noticed a boom microphone at least once ... Let's say acting is low and get away from it. <br /> <br /> Invisible maniac is crappy, simple and simple. I have not found any exchangeable features in it, there are many more better movies that you can watch, so there is no reason to waste time on this junk. Definitely should be avoided.
