Film critics of the world, I'm sorry. Your task is to advise the film audience so that they can choose wisely what to spend money on. But I ignored your advice and I was deeply hurt. However, my decision to see "The Cat in the Hat" was not accidental. You see, three years ago, all critics said we should avoid the "unhappiness" known as "Christmas in Grinch." Then some of my friends took me to see and it turned out to be a colorful, fun and almost hypnotic feast on the occasion of Christmas. So when the critics unleashed their fury against "The Cat in the Hat", the next big Seuss budget update with a big star in the title role, I thought it must be the same old song. How wrong I was. <br /> <br /> For five minutes I thought I was still. Initial loans are clever, children are adorable and production values ​​are at the highest level. Then a cat appeared. There are many problems from then on, but Mike Myers's worst mistake was the biggest one. Where "The Grinch" was saved thanks to the inspiring casting of Jim Carrey, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be very funny when its energies are used where they belong, comic sketches. Every movie that he did was really funny was just a sketch of a full-length comedy from "Wayne World" to "Austin Powers." So, trying to do the same here, just these comic sketches resemble things that stick to the end of the SNL, are not funny, just painful. Not that the writers helped him. After a charming prologue, the film turns into an hour of repulsive gags with bodily humor, bad pratfalls and offensive horrifying hip-hop rehearsals. This movie was the most daunting cinematic experience I've ever had. Dot. So much talent and work went into something so vile. I know that adult stars of this movie will be relatively untouched by this mess, I just hope that the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will get more chances to show their charms in much better movies. If you are a parent, avoid it like a plague. In movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters you have a much better choice.
