Hellborn begins as a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi), who begins his residency at the psychiatric hospital St. Andrews insane, or a "psychiatric institution," how they like to call it. With almost 600 patients, Bishop meets with his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and is delegated to work, he gets a "A" unit, where seriously ill and dangerous patients are being held. If it was not bad enough during his first round of visits, Bishop finds a dead body and threatens with graffiti-sounding news splashed across his room. Bishop begins to hear stories from patients about the ominous events in the refugee center and soon finds out that stories have more than a tad of truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Known as the Cursed Asylum in the United States, this supernatural horror he directed Philip J. Jones and I liked it, but in the end there were too many unsatisfying elements to be able to enjoy it completely. Matt McCombs's script is treated quite seriously and I really liked the basic idea and some of his ideas, but there are a few things that work against him. For starters, the film is simply too slow, the story is quite good and it does not give up too soon, but it needs absolute age and I quickly lose interest with every passing minute. I also thought that the so-called ending of the turn was too predictable and the ending was too bland and forgotten. It's a pity because I liked history, character, setting and some ideas, but it's just too slow and to be honest boring to have fun for 90 minutes. This is one of those movies that I would like to recommend, but honestly I can not. <br /> <br /> Director Jones is doing a good job, it's actually a well-lit and quite atmospheric movie. I would not say that there is something terrible here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real mad center, but if not, they did a great job on the set and the movie looks pretty good. Unfortunately, there is no real lack of blood or action, there are two wounds in the shape of a hand and cut off the tongue and all this, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or blood, which must be disappointed. Depending on who you think and what review you read, the special effects are either the worst or the very good, as well as a dedicated low cost budget observer. I was very impressed with the effects, especially the demonic ones, which look impressive and are male in the form of a suit, not a terrible computer graphics CGI, although it is an impressive suit. It all depends on your expectations. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the movie is good, it looks nice and the lack of computer effects CGI is something that I welcome. The action, however, is not great, for sure it could be better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, there were some good things about it, but at the same time some horrible things, which unfortunately exceed good. In a sense, I liked his parts, but for the whole 90 minutes of watching, I think I can not recommend it to anyone.
