This is the page "House of Exorcism", but most people confuse this film with the masterpiece of Mario Bava "Lisa & the Devil", which explains the ridiculously high rating of "House of exorcism". When "Lisa and the devil" was screened at film festivals in the early 1970s, it was a critical success. The audience reacted well to this wonderful, gothic horror. Unfortunately, it was a bit ahead of time and was considered too unusual and not so commercial that it could be used up massively. No distributor bought it. So the producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit "Lisa", seemingly with a chainsaw, removing almost half of the original movie and adding new scenes that he made two years after the original product! It is important to remember that Bava had little to do with these new, hideous additions, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a film by Bava. The original product is a slow, dreamy, classic production. A few minutes after the film the viewer gets torn out of this world of dreams, when suddenly we see Lisa (two years older and having a completely different hairstyle), they start snaking on the ground, making throaty sounds and croaking epitaphs such as "suck my co @ k" etc. Subtle, eh? And the film continues this way, jumping between a beautiful, visual film and the extortion of the class Z. Leone tried to incorporate these shock scenes, keeping the story intact. He failed. When the choice was made to essentially destroy the "Lisa and the Devil", Bava himself refused, saying that his film was too good to be cut. He was right and it must have been sad that this artist saw how all his work had been destroyed and flowed into the toilet. Many years passed before the original "Lisa and the devil" appeared again, appearing again on television late at night. "Lisa" I saw long before I saw this new version and it was disturbing when I saw one of my favorite films "vandalized" in this way. It's worth seeing only because of curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious catastrophe, such as the plague.
