But I doubt many people would run to see this movie. Or "He came a bit from the cinema." Ok, it's a bit harsh. <br /> <br /> The film begins unintentionally comical: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown after many years (it already smells of clichés), and the whole city is shaken by his arrival: it is said about him, everyone wants to to talk to him, and every woman he meets, flirts with him, as if there was no tomorrow - even his niece says she would like to drop her date to talk to Frank the boy a little longer! Even his pretty niece wants him! Sounds like one of those funny episodes of "Mike Hammer" in which EVERY single wants Stacey Keach. And like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is nothing but a handsome wet woman's dream. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without fame) would not be within 100 m of someone as beautiful as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood movie the opposite is true: MacLaine is absolutely horrible towards Frankie-boy, but he did not care! Sinatra too often plays his "cool" movies in his films and is rarely reliable. Dean Martin is something like a mistake; he is not mistreated as a card player, but rather because of an accent that simply does not suit him. MacLaine is adorable as always but plays a caricature - and relying on caricatures is one of the basic problems of the movie. The main characters are all kinds of stereotypes from bad or watched movies and cheap novels; Frankie is a "nice cat" who comes back to the city to get all the women, and he did not care about writing (which, I suppose, eventually gets recognition); Martin is a poor but friendly card player; MacLaine is a stupid but very nice bimbo; Franki's blond interest is a sorrowful literary expert; Frankie's brother is a successful guy who married his wife's business and has a bad marriage; and so on. Cliches. <br /> <br /> The story contains a few coincidences that are a bit too far-fetched for my taste: Frankie simply hits his niece in the restaurant; his niece is just a few meters away from his daddy when the latter kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is a terrible, stupid ending. <br /> <br /> In him a drunk guy who wants to kill Frankie-boy, manages to find him at the carnival of all places! The place is completely crowded, with typical noise and chaos - plus it happens in the evening - and yet the guy somehow finds Frankie (even though he's drunk as a handle) and shoots him. But guess who kills? MacLaine. He jumps in front of a bullet to save Frankie: a stereotype in which comic writers can be afraid. This completely pathetic, dramatic and irritating ending certainly can not please any, even half-intelligent viewer. And it happens on the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The author of this nonsense throughout his life read the deceptive novels of the decade - how else can you explain the writing of this film? There is even a card game in which there is a fight with Frank and Martin, as well as with several clichés from the writer's "living" imagination. (Suddenly he was like a damn western). Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra goes crazy about the boring, snotty bimbo and the almost ignored MacLaine. As the film progresses, we find out that Sinatra thinks MacLaine is too stupid, just as a blond bimbo thinks Sinatra is too low for her. In the MacLaine scenario, you can detect a certain snobbery and contempt. MacLaine is treated as worthless by everyone, while the blond bimbo is treated as a princess and intellectual; the ironic truth is that the character of the latter is rather stupid and not intellectual at all; her behavior, comments and opinions are usually trivial, stupid, lost, pretentious and primitive. At least the character MacLaine KNOWS that she (MacLaine) is stupid. There is one more irony that I did not disappoint: Sinatra had a problem with finding the end of his latest history - just like the writer of this film, and that's why he came up with a thin, bad finale. <br /> <br /> The film is basically a solid cast, and the photography is pretty, but the script, although sometimes fine, is based mainly on stupid nonsense, not on characters and events based on reality. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, please contact me by e-mail.
