This completely boring, senseless, senseless, soulless and stupid movie is not the ultimate proof that the world can forget about Danny Boyle and his post - "Trainspotting" films: "The Beach" has already taken care of it. What this low-budget freak is doing is simply to secure his place among those who have begun very well, but have completely lost themselves in drugs, alcohol, ego, delusion of themselves, bad management or anything else that has led to the once promising the director quickly died. <br /> <br /> The premise is absurd: two losers (Ecclestone and some bimbo Jenna G - probably a rapper) meet accidentally and spontaneously start singing with enthusiasm more akin to mad asylum residents than the potential hit duo - which they become. Their friend - an even greater illiterate loser - becomes their manager, smashing the store window and stealing a video camera in which he films it in action, and then shows the tape to some music people who are actually interested in this garbage. Now I know that Great Britain has released amazing trash in recent years, but this is ridiculous; music makes Oasis look like The Beatles. During studio recordings, the duo - Strumpet - changes the lyrics in every shot, and Ecclestone quite arrogantly tells people from the music industry to take them or leave them, and quite absurdly take it. Music is not only total and total, but its "performers" are anti-social; these NEWCOMERS are to call shots. It's too stupid. It is simply awful. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is indecent and is nowhere to be found, and this story from rags to bitches does not make sense and does not make sense. He often feels improvised - under the influence of drugs. Danny Boyle is a complete idiot. This little piece of rubbish is so bad that watching it is embarrassing. Ecclestone's I.Q. you should also ask for permission to participate in this nonsense. Whoever financed this 1000-pound joke should leave the film business before selling his own underwear on the street corners.
