Oddly named Vera-Ellen was supposed to film the dance that Sonja Henie was supposed to skate: blonde, girlish, always delightful to watch, but not very good actress and usually fraught with weak material. When I watch the sexy dance of apache Vera-Ellen with Gene Kelly in 'Words and Music', I can not help but notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made from the flag of South Vietnam. For some reason, the very American Vera-Ellen played in * two * musicals (made a few years ago) in Edinburgh, a city not listed for dancers: 'Let's Be Happy' and 'Happy Go Lovely'. <Br /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays an American impresario who for some reason performs a musical in Edinburgh. There is an unclear attempt to link this program with the Edinburgh festival, which is nonsense: The festival is not a show of spectacular leg shows. We also see a few photos from the Royal Mile series: apart from a few accents of Highland, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest gag appears at the very beginning, when we learn that the title of the Romero program is "Frolics to You": it is a cheeky punk that the British will get, and Yanks will not. <br /> <br /> Vera-Ellen is, as usual, a charming and attractive and impressive dancer, but few numbers in this movie are boring and bad. The plot - the wrong identity of the magnate David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - is thoughtless, though no more than the plot of dozens of Hollywood musicals. Romero is less irritating than usual, probably because (at least once) he is not obliged to convince us that he is interested in bedding the protagonist. <br /> <br /> The biggest picture of this movie is the misuse of Bobby Howes. Father Sally Ann Howes was the star of the West End musicals; his sad version of "She's My Lovely" was a huge hit in Britain in 1937. Here he appears in several scenes as a Romero dog, but he never has a chance to participate in the musical issue, nor even in any real comedy. It's absolutely criminal that this movie - with the title containing the word "Lovely", surely the biggest hit of Howes - would throw the main British music star, but he gave him nothing to do! <br /> <br /> The great actress-heroine Ambrosine Phillpotts (with whom I used to work) shines in one sequence of restaurants and you can see the overpopulated beauty of Kay Kendall. As a confidant of Vera-Ellen, someone named Diane Hart says one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns at the same time, but it also does not fit. Val Guest has a story, but this movie does not match the quality of his great comedies. Colorful photography is miserable, although I realize that post-war Britain could not afford to work in Hollywood. "Happy Go Lovely" is at best a pleasant time, and "waster" is an operational word. I will rate this movie only on 4 out of 10.
