You must understand when Wargames was released in 1983, created a generation of would-be computer hackers. The idea that the teenager can do everything in far-reaching proportions, let alone stop the world war, was innovative and exciting. Real computers began to appear in people's homes and for the first time society became connected in a way that made the message of the movie exciting. Of course, the talking computer, which balances the free time between chess and the global thermonuclear war, was a bit strained, but made up for this brilliant commentary on the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the Cold War. I've probably even heard about the hackers on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> Jump forward by 25 years and we have a terrible mutant thing that I do not like to call a "sequel" called Wargames: The Dead Code. I'm just going to dig. First of all, the plot depends on the government's gambling site, where people who win games automatically become suspected of terrorism. You're probably very confused now. The point is that in the end the terrorist clicks the sub-game on the website called "Dead code", where he pilotes the plane over the city, spraying him with biological weapons. At some point in the game you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin", you will automatically be confirmed as an expert in bioterrorism weapons, and your family will be detained and questioned. The film is so. However, because the payment for the game was made from a suspicious bank account, of course, everything makes sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the avatar of artificial intelligence in this bomb straight to the DVD is an annoying flash animation that repeats the sound pop-up-ad-esquire "play with my love". Because apparently in the future advanced artificial intelligence loses interest in intellectual searches, such as chess, and gets into porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit, and women, as opposed to pure curiosity, as in the case of the original movie. For some reason, recent hacker movies feel the need to present all young people as ordinary people who are surfers, just like everyone else. It may work in your average sitcom, but give it a rest, you will not learn to take over government computers, make hair, do sports, and shop at the mall. One of the novelties I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to Matt Damon's film, and then the phrase "Good hunting, will" appears. I swear, they called the main character Willem just for this sentence so they could send a five to Mr. Damon. This Will is not bad, but he certainly was not like an obsessive hacker I've ever met. I can not fully say how irritated I am that this movie has the same name as the original, because it has nothing to do with it except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappear in this film, as an inert old man who apparently dies of boredom, and a ruined old tic-tac-toe machine with a higher tone of voice. Joshua (the AI) after some poke seems to have sex with new artificial intelligence with a porn voice, a lot of board games flashing on large screens, and the whole "The only way to win is not to play" the revelation is to be a moment of crowning. Only those of us who saw the original, you know, those who would like to see it were already there and they did it. Recycling the end of a film made of compost from last month. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a guy who finished 90210 and was written by boys who make films B. The original was directed by a guy who was busy with "Heroes", so you see the difference in quality. They talked about a real remake, but I hope they will not destroy it again. I swear, if I have to, I will visit every gambling website until I find one that is run by a government psychotic computer. The saving grace is that I was able to stream it on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent watching this disaster is breathing, clicking and indigestion.
