Someone, one day, should study architecture in the form of horrors; from all searches for strangely planned residences, looking for secret passages and crypts, tracking monsters through air ducts, and so on. Besides, I can remember just a few movies in which architecture played the main role - "Demon Seed", "Cube", remake "Thirteen Ghosts" - but this is the core of any story about a terrible home or church or crypt; It's about the nature and influence of space, passages and walls. So I could not wait for this thriller, in which he promised to be central. The idea is: the architect has built - properly rebuilt - a huge and shaky house for himself; his wife just left him, mainly because of his egocentrism, but also that it is advisable, because he can not get used to this place, since he has changed it. Living in an unusual loneliness (this time rather than virtually), she suspects that someone else - a stranger who one night approached the door asking for a phone call and then suddenly disappeared - lives in a house with him; only the place is big enough to never see it. <br /> <br /> This is a good start to a melodrama whose development could be expected from a few such lines: After searching the house for an intruder several times without success, the architect resorts to his plans to undertake a more systematic search, trying in different ways surprise, intercept or plant an intruder, perhaps using special features built into the structure. Meanwhile, the intruder discovered hiding places and return roads between places the architect did not foresee or remember. The movie will turn into a game of cat and mouse, hunting, battle; and finally, trying to trap the intruder, the architect himself would be trapped in his own work, in a way he did not expect. Then he would have to get out of it - and perhaps at the same time from his own imposed isolation - and in the final fork he would have nailed, or maybe even killed, **** er. br /> <br /> Nothing happens in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his nemesis is of unknown character, if it exists at all. Here's what happens in the movie: When the intruder is installed at home - if it is - the architect starts to hear sounds, but when he goes to investigate, he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he's a little crazy; convinces his strange wife to spend the night, thinks she is more crazy. In the end, more or less accidentally, he hits the intruder (does not look good, but characters, who else could it be? - it's not a difficult question in history, until now, less than three main characters), then closes the door, he leaves the grills in the windows, throws away the key (I do not know why he thought it necessary) and leaves the victim out of hunger. I missed the reason why it was: the doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect sleeps in his car. And because the idea of ​​the film has not been developed and can not be further developed, something else has to be addressed. And this is it: architect - are you ready? - he moves to the home of a man who (probably) has moved in and lives there in the same way. How is it possible? This is not the case, but the film is heading this way to make it appear: the architect drew a picture of a man who came to his door; and when he leaves the house, he takes a picture with him; and sitting in his car, he throws the picture on the street; and two children picking them up and observing that he looks like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his home is, and the children show the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to border with the incredible, what happens to it is plunged into it. without her knowledge; so quiet in her movements and so crafty in reading her landlady that she can always leave the room as soon as she enters or disappears from sight when she turns away. In this section, the film is clever in one way, causing (or leaving the viewer) that his life with this stranger who does not know he is there is actually the same life that he and his wife lived as a virtual loner with her as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into Raffles, the burglar-cat, completely unbelievable. Do not enter into a series of twists and turns at the end - including another murder achieved by closing someone behind another invincible door - this one before landing so weak that it collapses under the weight of the wheelchair; two nice people who murder in a step; and (before history began) imperceptible tunnel construction under several houses ... For the final, long-awaited turn, the film adds another to make it even more offensive, and then ... it ends. /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the idea of ​​a stranger in the home and the character of the man whose home is - and burying both. The first fumble makes it boring; the other made me angry, because he pushed his main figure further and further along the zigzag path and never made any explanation for the figure that most needed it: Martin, the tunnel builder and the cunning tenant. History should be rewritten by someone one day.
