"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a film that discussed the problems faced by teenagers in the UK and how these problems, constantly striking every note, teenagers' problems can affect the youth of tomorrow. He could have been called the "Moulin Rouge" of the 1980s, but he disappeared. He made a very shallow mark in the world, sneaked under radar and now you can find him picking up dust in the music section, comedy section or in a politically unclear part of this dingy video store that does not need money for a chain to survive. Unfortunately, I did not find it there? but I found it, I looked at it, tried hard to sing along with it, stared at Bowie's eyes, but at the end I was faded. Has it not survived the test of time? Is the 1950s London too far from our current society? Is Bowie too frightening? I think that "Absolute Beginners" falls into each of these questions somewhere as a perfect example of a cinema that begins with a bang, but at the end it dries into a sheer glow. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" opens with an enormous number that leads us through the not-hard streets of London, which include nocturnal theft, prostitutes on every corner, dancing all the time, drinking like rivers and the smartest ties on almost every about yourself. Sounds like a place that we all would not like to be? well? Director Julien Temple maintains a light and flashy mood in most of the songs, trying to learn something about the multitude of our main characters. Most follow Colin played by Eddie O'Connell, who dreams of becoming a photographer while filming his favorite girlfriend Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). The two have chemistry and while Suzette looks like Lohan before rehab, they've worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, chemistry was like lava, and I believed that the two could take me along the road I had never traveled. I was ready ?? but then something happened. The temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us from the city where we grew up in the beginning, and completely inverts the role without sacrificing ourselves to the first. Suzette is running away, Colin becomes a pervert, and Bowie ?? well ?? I am not sure what his role is, but he sings incredibly well when climbing to the top? I can tell you so much. The temple gives us a flashy city, the opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but it leaves us hanging high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We mainly learn about Colin, but no one else. I will probably be able to watch this film again and still be confused, who is bad at whom and how important fashion for this era is. Were they really teenagers? they all looked as if they were pushing their late 20's, but maybe it was my TV set. <br /> <br /> Character development cast instantly, Temple tries to compensate excessively, giving us larger, more sumptuous songs, using even more characters about what we do not know. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this thought as a perfect example. Temple uses a split house to show us the life of Colin's parents (I did not know it was after the movie) and a song that screams with apathy. A great song, too many characters, too little time, suddenly dragged yourself into a different scene of lacking coherence and simply disintegrates in your hands. Then, if that's not enough, we rock our heads to the rhythm of great songs, trying to understand where our characters are, and Temple throws hatred, anger and politics to the finale. Although I was hoping that this film will have a dedicated theme, I did not think that racism would be at the top of the bill. Suddenly there are no friends, people are bad, and there is some casual guy running in the fight with Colin, because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another race? Let someone help me. It seemed to be utterly hasty and overwhelming? almost to the point that he wants to turn off the movie. For me, the ending of "Absolute Beginners" was nowhere near the emotions of the starting number. This first part set the pace, and Temple could not keep up. <br /> <br /> In general, I have to say that Temple can direct a music video, but I do not think he is quite prepared for a feature film. I do not think this movie will ever become full of "iconic" status and will probably remain unremembered or in the lower basket for many years. It's a funny movie to watch at first, but when we get to the last part, it just explodes from the inside. I wanted some advanced work, but instead I found a bizarre Bowie in combination with characters I did not care about. I saw how this movie could refer to the youth of the 1980s, but at the end felt compelled. I think that everyone in this production should take a moment and listen to the "Motivation" of the ever-strange Bowie in this film, maybe it helped to strengthen this function in a better cult condition. I'm glad I watched the movie once, but that's all my little brain can do. I loved the way Temple caught me from the very beginning, but he could not control his characters (much too much), and the songs did not match the last moments of the movie. He appeared out of nowhere and was not welcome. If it was a movie about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think that I will vacuum this film in the future. <br /> <br /> Class: ** with *****
