The film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fate of the two main heroes and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before we were told that the relationship to real people and events is purely coincidental. This ending line sums up everything that happened before it; as the mess in Rino Di Silvestro's film is completely without a vision, and if there is any sense in the story; it was not intentionally there. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a movie with guilt or "bad is good", but I totally disagree with it. I usually like these movies; but Werewolf Woman is really a bad movie and despite all the sex and wildness at the exhibition; it is not even a funny watch, and it really is unforgivable. The film really does not have much plot, but the thin piece we got includes a young woman who also dreams of being a werewolf. He dreams of going out and finding men, having sex with them and ultimately killing them. In the real world she falls in love, but her lover is killed, and she goes out of revenge ... <br /> <br /> The movie consists of sex scenes and gore, which are filled with extremely boring sequences of talking, in which different characters reflect on recent events. These scenes are probably there to send the story and characters; but they do not really do it and succeed only in transforming what could be tolerable exploitation into an unusually dark film. It seems that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot, as evidenced by the fact that the film looks and sounds nice. Sex scenes are often too long and not very erotic, but the blood works well. The assumption is to give way to a very sexy part of exploitation, because there are many naked women, and the fact that the central figure has a werewolf's origin means that there can be a lot of eroticism; but this is not capitalized, and although I can handle huge doses of bad acting and badly made fictional lines, I really can not stand watching movies and being bored. In general, I would not even recommend this movie to big fans of exploitation. There are much better things there than this, and although the title may sound intriguing - the movie is not.
