"La Lupa Mannara" aka. "Werewolf Woman" from 1976. This is a very promising film, but unfortunately the film itself is quite far from what you must see for my other lovers of Italian horror. You will not hear me saying that the Rino Di Silvestri movie is completely bad - it has its stylish moments, and the first half is really great fun to watch (though the fun is unintentional). The film also benefits from an exceptionally exhibitionist leading actress, Annika Borel. However, a movie that does not have a real story (at least not a linear one) often does not make sense, and stretches incredibly in the unnecessary second half. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) has a strange dream of dancing naked at night before turning into a werewolf. Because she was a raped girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (the cult mermaid Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly feels a train to her husband, and then turns into a Werewolf woman ... or something like that. The plot really does not make any sense, which makes the film very pleasant to watch in the first half. The main character Daniella is a schizophrenic mixture of cold hysterics and lusty nymphomaniac who sometimes turns into a werewolf woman. Director Di Silvestri decided to make up for role-playing holes with a lot of feminine nudity that works well for me. There are also quite good moments of gore. The movie is never even a bit hesitant or frightening, but at the beginning it is very funny. In addition, there is no attempt to conceal that this is a piece of madness, the camera often does close-ups on private parts of Miss Borel to get a simple effect. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri decided to make the film longer, completely changing the direction in which he is heading. While Daniella is at first a typical werewolf who can not refrain from following her curse, she suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was in "Il Boss" Fernando Di Leo). Suddenly, it returns to normal again, and the next part of the film does not go hand in hand with the first half. After a while, it gets boring; Taking everything into account, it would probably be better if this 99 minute movie had only 70 minutes. In the end, they even want to convince us that an absurd story (if you can call it that) is based on real events. "Werewolf Woman" has some salvific features; my Italo-Horror fans can try. However, if you want to watch the Italian cinema Horror / Exploitation from the 70s, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before watching this.
