I'm guessing that writers have never read any book, let alone Dickens' novel, certainly not David Copperfield, and that their screenplay scenario was based on another badly written scenario, probably a Copperfield adaptation, although it's likely that everything would otherwise be randomly rejected about a third of the pages, and then shuffled the rest, along with a few random pages from the script, which the nephew of the eighth grade wrote for the English lesson and for which he received an unsatisfactory grade. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke - for example Richards as Kramer playing Micawber - that was the case, the direction and the game were bad strokes. Stepping beyond Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was such a complete ogre, premonition and everything that at one point I expected him to be chased by an angry audience and a torch wielding a crowd of people. Uriah was almost the same as the clown's character like Micawber. Mr. Murdstone caused as much fear as the Vampire from Muppet on Sesame Street. The actor playing elder David was, I think, a woman. In any case, looking forever, as if he wanted to find a mirror, to see how nice he looks, and imagined that he really looked pretty, he could hardly convince us that he was writing with a pen. And while we are on this subject, in one of the many glaring inaccuracies committed by semi-humorous producers of this embarrassment, David's unnecessary shots writing his story, it seems that he is between 18 and 21 years of age, when he should be in his forties. Perhaps the biggest misdemeanor, though difficult to choose from, was the invented gameplay between David and Murdstone when he was seeking a third wife in Switzerland, preceded by, of course, the deliberate death of Murdstone's second wife. When they did, they were surprised that they did not send Heep to the guillotine and told him to deliver the last words of Sidney Carton. It could not make things worse. It could have been much better. <br /> <br /> There are literally thousands of small and large sins against literature during this mistake of art, and anyone who observes it exposes itself to serious and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensitivity.
