London Dreams directed by Vipula Shah is a frustratingly stupid film about fools. This is a kind of movie whose central conflict can be solved immediately if the characters concerned just sit down and talk. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop-artist who is obsessed with appearances in front of the cheering crowd at London's Wembley stadium. He becomes jealous of his devoted friend and friend from the Manu band, played by Salman Khan, who is apparently more talented than he is, but nowhere is he so focused and ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu, when the popularity of the latter threatens to weaken his own. Now there is a place where the heart can help. If Arjun explained what Wembley's fixation meant to him, Manu would kindly retreat and allow Arjun to fulfill his childhood dream, and we would be spared agony of watching the rest of that dull nonsense. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in the mood to do favors. London Dreams is filled with unintentional amusing gems, such as this story involving grandfather Arjuna, who committed suicide in shame for being scared of Wembley's concert. Or this absurd incident at the show, in which Manu has to take over vocal duties after the explosion of confetti, practically suffocates Arjuna in silence. However, this is not the end of idiocy. In an attempt to publicly embarrass Manu, Arjun uses his connections to let Manu attack drugs. The boxing group urges Manu to take some shots of tequila with him, but instead replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu got quite an appetite for the addictive white powder, practically smashing it like dinner. If it's not stupid enough, then there's a primitive scene in which Manu chases after that girl to find out who he's taking orders from. The quest ends in a dark London street, where the girl kneels on her knees, pretending to do what is unspeakable to mislead Manu's girlfriend who secretly follows them. Wait, there's more! Expect them to be hysterical when Arjun throws his belt and mercilessly throws himself in the eye to expel all thoughts of affair or desire to the main dancer of the band, Priyi (played by Asin), because nothing and no one has to distract him from his music purposes. Too generously inspired by Amadeus Milos Forman to deserve any comparison with last year's Rock On!, The latest Vipul Shah is a clumsy melodrama that is so loosely oriented as it is written. The film is about a wide-ranging mood, excessive emotions and basically chooses loudness over subtlety. This works for the hero of Manu, with Salman Khan playing on him all crazy and sympathetic, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan goes too passively with the performance, which is mainly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches a boiling point, it results in an awkward scene before the culmination, in which he lectures a concert hall that is filled and is, understandably, covered with plastic bottles as a punishment. From the remaining cast I can not say anything good for Asin, who practically lit up Ghajini with his ardent charm, but disappoints here with unnecessary excessive activity in a thankless role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to regular helpers in the band, appear at regular intervals, usually to speak some illegible dialogue like "We will rock it!" Due to poor writing and messy direction, London Dreams is ultimately a tiring watch. If you must, look at Salman Khan, who turned into a buffoon into the style of acting. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad movie.
