When this movie was first shown on television, I had high hopes that we would finally have a decent film about the First World War experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately, this is not it. <br /> <br /> This should be a good movie about World War I. Although it was created for television, it is obvious that a real effort has been made to use the right equipment and props. However, writing and directing is very poor, even though the creators of the film apparently borrowed freely from several well-made war movies. Cliches from the war film abound in an arrogant general who apparently does not care about the lives of his people. When Hollywood realizes that although there were many bad generals, most generals of combat units have seen much of the fight themselves and are not naïve about what average murderous experience? The first part of the film was "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms. Only that "Paths of Glory" was sticking emotionally. Later there was Chamberlain's charge (with the exception of the driveway) from Gettysburg, and even the capture of an American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from the "thin red line". But in "The Thin Red Line" the soldier was captured alone. In this video, a ring is formed around the new prisoner in the middle of the battle. <br /> <br /> If this movie was used by a military adviser, they ignored it. Although the actors (and I could never forget that they were actors while watching), they uttered military tactics that I did not see much. American soldiers were shot when the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who were apparently blind, apparently did not use any tactics in the attack. In real war tactics meant that the stormtroopers were so effective. But the most stupid scene was the attack of German flame throwers. In this scene, the German fire-blaster operators followed a broad line towards the defending Americans. If it were true, they would never get close enough to use their flame throwers before they were all dropped by the defender's bullets. <br /> <br /> Okay, so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to tactics shown. But it still disappoints. But what really discouraged me is a typical anti-war anti-military angle that seems important to filmmakers. It is true that war is hell. But most American soldiers, though they complain and complain, have a tendency to believe what they're doing, and it may be more like a gung-ho about it. My grandfather served in the First World War. And although he died four years before I was born, I was told how much he was proud of his service.
