Films with the participation of children's actors are put on their hind legs from the very beginning. Although there are some exceptions, most children simply can not work, and even those that usually become annoying after a few minutes. Children from Paperhouse managed to capture the worst of both worlds, because they are both very annoying and have no bit of acting abilities. In brief; they are garbage. This is not good, considering that they are potential clients, and especially this is not good when one considers the fact that you can not take this movie seriously because of the trash actors. It is a pity that this movie is such a deadly loss, because the story is not (not entirely). He follows a young girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantasy world she created. Soon it will be obvious to her that she can manipulate this world with her drawings, so she makes various changes until her dream finally becomes a nightmare. Oh my. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this feature line is a good base for a good fantasy horror. However, it is wasted by a number of fatal mistakes. Above all, despite the fact that the premise is an excellent premise for great invention; the film is very old. The main plot is not played at all, and the result is completely boring. Lack of tension is another huge mistake in the film, which it considers appropriate to drag each sequence to the point where you simply do not care about it (which results from the lack of ideas). In part, thanks to her main characters, the movie is like a movie for children. This is to be expected from the stars, but Bernard Rose should have chosen the inclination he wanted to put in history; because the horror in the movie is funny at best. The film is also very tacky, and the "romance" between the two guides is extremely remarkable and makes watching very painful. In fact, if I had to sum up this parody in one word, I would choose "painful". Paperhouse is poorly preserved, ridiculously crossed out, very banal and boring in general. Save yourself the pain, see something else.
