The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we would today call the signs of a scientific document: instead of calling experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without objection, what he wants us to believe (one will admit that American the film chronicles of this period were also much less regulated than it would seem ethical to contemporary audiences, often inserting dramatized scenes and transmitting them as actual information materials. We add to this propaganda the fact that the filmmaker Hippler "preached the converts", not so much asking the gentile Europeans would hate Jews, they would confirm the feelings that many of them must have had to allow the Holocaust to come in. The weakest link in the film's logic shows in its "rat" analogy that explains the behavior of rats and then adds something to "Well, the Jews are also like that." Similarly, the character he views the Jews as ugly, showing ugly Jews in comparison with the attractive Gentiles; the accompanying leap of faith is that ugly is bad. The film seems to deny itself a few times, for example by attacking Western painters who portrayed the Old Testament as Europeans with a fair complexion; the text thus admits that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is in fact the rooted aspect of Christian culture. It also shows Jews of the ghetto, who are eager to live in bushes infected with roach, despite the alleged treasure that they collected and then flip, saying that the same undesirable live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto. By the way, who would not do it? The use of scenes from the well-known American film, House of Rothschild, also shows a vague distribution of logic. First, the film is condemned by the Jews; then it is clearly used by Hippler to verify the deception of the Jews (the aforementioned appearances of poverty by Jews from the ghetto, shown as a means of tax avoidance, although the "whirl" of Rothschild's character is that Jews are overly taxed); finally, Rothschild's film was once again made for suggesting that the famous banking family invented a checking account. This seeming indecision, whether American recordings are shown positively or negatively, can become more pronounced with repeated reviews, but at first glance, some of them are dark. Because of all the imperfections of the Eternal Jew, I was surprised at first that the IMDb viewer rating for this movie is as high as it is now, just below "5". I would say that the reason is that the documentary value of the EJ has exceeded its original purpose by offering us, unintentionally, a look at the lives of European Jews, because they would not have been seen for several years. Needless to say, the bad film itself provides a historical insight into bad or just bad filming as a propaganda tool. At about this time, I should expect Director Hippler to move the flop again, going forward to say, "That's what I was going to do forever!" The scenes of slaughtering animals are particularly gruesome and show the same thing that is definitely inhuman, against intentions of kosher law to prevent animal suffering. I would like someone who saw this movie to have some knowledge of these procedures to comment on whether the portrait is accurate.
