La Chute de la Maison Usher, as is known among English audiences, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) heading for the Castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt), who sent him a letter with information that his wife Madeleine is ill. When Allan finds Madeleine, she is very ill, and her husband Roderick decided and almost obsessively painted her portrait. As Roderick paints, Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker, as if the picture has exhausted her life, Allan tries to help her friend, but soon the tragedy hits ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written together, produced and directed by Jean Epstein and was the second of the two edited adaptations of the Fall of the Usher House in 1928, to be honest I do not know if the original novel was published in 1839, I mean that you are waiting 89 years for the filmed adaptation and two walk at the same time! In any case, I feel that I have a problem here because I read many positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right type of person who could write a comment on this subject, but I must say that nothing is wrong for me he did. I did not like it, of course the first thing to say is that it's a silent movie and that's why it's based on pictures, but nevertheless I thought the story was poor, I thought the movie was boring and boring, even if it only lasts about an hour and he really does not do anything for me. La Chute de la Maison Usher was created almost 80 years ago and it's literally all my life, the world, cinema and tastes have changed a lot since then and I have not found joy in this film. I feel that this movie was wrong and probably not so good at first. I never felt any of the characters, I never worried about what was happening and I thought that sitting is quite boring, I'm sorry if I offended the silent film fans, but that's how I felt. <br /> <br /> The director Epstein is doing a good job, many people are wondering about the paintings in La Chute de la Maison Usher and I admit freely that he definitely has his moments, but I thought that there are few of them. Shots of moving lips and not hearing what they say seemed strange to me, I did not like the music and the version I saw contained original French pages, which were narrated by a guy with the most French accent, which was also difficult. Based on the stories of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt it would have much to do with one or two basic elements, hold onto the fantastic Roger Corman House of Usher with Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie was fine considering when it was made. You simply can not say about acting, which no one ever talks about, although the movie is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try to suggest emotions or reflect what is happening, what works to some extent, but after a while looks a bit stupid. <br /> <br /> La Chute de la Maison Usher will address those who want a bygone era who live in caves or are stuck in the past, for me I like my movies to have a story, not to bore me and have the sound I I'm sorry if this last statement makes me sound like an uneducated idiot, but I feel that way. The world has been moving since 1928 and for the better.
