It's obvious that the people who created "Dead At The Box Office" love the horror of the movie B. The reverse references to this genre are filled to the brim, from the inventory character (an authority who does not believe that a terrible invasion really happens) to discussions in the style of Kevin Smith, to reproduce the last moments of Duane Jones from "Night of the Living Dead" not once but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, making a good movie requires more than love. <br /> <br /> The choice of staging and taking is uninteresting and unimaginable. While the common admonition in the film school is to avoid the "Mastershot Theater", telling the whole story in a wide master's perspective, here we find the obverse, as in a few sequences, it is difficult to determine the spatial relationships between the characters, as the story is told a series of medium shots without a shot, that could combine them. Editing is colorless and basic, and sometimes there are unattached cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, which makes the scenes in the darkened theater difficult to see (was it lighting or was it just a picture with available light?). Some pictures are out of focus. Dialogue is banal, and performances, for the most part, one-act (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and presence on the screen as Curtis, while the screening colleague has some nice dickey line readings; Michael Allen Williams as theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as an enthusiastic filmmaker Eric Ma a few nice moments). The assumption is stupid, even in the case of a horrible horror B. (It's a pity that Dr. Eisner was not aware of the Paperclip project - he could have saved a lot of trouble!). "Zombies" are not dangerous, and their makeup is unconvincing (although a massive zombie trying to remove the gum from the machine caused a smile). There is very little blood or violence in the film for zombie fans, but what is there is treated quite well. Accidental music, although stylistically uneven, is sometimes nice and there are good Foley effects. The parody of "Time Warp" was fun, although viewing photos was less enjoyable. Unfortunately, the looped dialogue sounds flat. Was this picture unsynchronized (doubtful, does it look like a video over and over again)? Before the main movie I watched a special introduction by Lloyd Kaufman from Troma Films - although he relied mainly on Kaufman's own connection and admission that he did not see the movie, when someone attacked the Toxie mask, its production and entertainment values ​​were higher than "Dead." . "(A quick departure from who put the DVD together - the countdown in the case of the leader of the film is only broadcast on the flash 2 frame, not on each number plus one more after). In this case, the viewers of the vampire theater are watching the early "Dead ..." they looked much more fun. Recommendations to avoid unless you know someone involved in the production or fervent Lloyd Kaufman (the game "Kaufman the Minion" in the film in the movie). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: my girlfriend is an addition in this movie. I swear it did not help my review.)
