Reply to previous comments from the region's residents in which the film was filmed: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View theme park led to the slowdown of neighborhoods. It's just not true. Before the construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses the area of ​​Ocean View, the main route went through the heart of Ocean View. After completing the interstate, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town in which companies closed and increased crime. This led to a huge decline in park revenues, which also faced new competition from nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, over the last few years, the City of Norfolk has done an extraordinary job of supporting redevelopment, making the area a sought-after place for high-class housing. <br /> <br /> It has also been said that the material of destruction of the roller coaster was used in the movie "Rollercoaster". It is also not true. The film material was filmed from two "coaster" cars that break away from driving through this film, but actual explosions and collapses only apply to "Death of Ocean View Park". <br /> <br /> As for the movie itself, the plot of the film "Supernatural" force in the water adjoining the park was certainly stupid, but quite typical for B-class movies of that time. Given the cast, it should not come as a surprise that the main scenes have drowned out the scenery in almost every scene. I do not believe that this film was to be the next Citizen Kane; I think Playboy was experimenting with the new non-nude format to determine if this is an area where the company can grow (apparently not!). Strange force in the water causing strange events in the old amusement park probably sounded well at the conference table, but it turned out to be impossible. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were designed to break the ball; "Let's come up with a strange way to justify an explosive death!" <br /> <br /> For a regular viewer, the movie would be "see once and forget" (except for Diana Canov's fans); but for the thousands of people who live in this region and have fond memories of the park, this movie is like a "path of memory" for recordings from the park, as well as old photos from the center of Norfolk, the first Harborfest, and the Old Dominion University. Even a limited edition of this movie on DVD would be appreciated.
