It is often said that Tobe Hooper simply hit his horrifying horror movie "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" from 1974 and every time I see another Hooper movie - this view is only reinforced. It would seem that Hooper wanted to create his own version of movies, such as Scanners and Firestarter in 1990, so he ends with Spontaneous Combustion; a movie with some good ideas and a whole load, which is borrowed from other films. Do it all together and get a sloppy, boring movie that most people would not miss! The film leads the audience to believe that it can initially be half decent thanks to an intriguing story that focuses on some of the experiments conducted on two young people in the fifties. The couple has a child and soon afterwards burns to death as a result of their experiments. Scroll forward several years and the child is now an adult named Sam; but naturally he is not a normal man and soon discovers that he has discovered that he can burn everything on his own. <br /> <br /> The film features Brad Dourif, who must have seemed a good casting choice for his success with Child's Play two years earlier; but in reality it was a boring decision, because the central performance is really terrible; and the terrible supporting performances did not help him. The poor direction and boring scenario also do not make the film much favors, and the tendency of lack of favors is continued by special effects that are very unrealistic and have nothing on the films that breaks; they were all made several years earlier. The plot is really slow and lasts almost an hour before anything happens, and even then I did not care. It will soon become obvious in what direction the film will go and everything comes down to a boring ending that one would expect. The final confrontation is a huge disappointment and nothing is explained during the movie. Not that any revelation was interesting anyway. Overall, this is a junk movie and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a great horror director. Instead, see Firestarter again.
