Bizarre Tobe Hooper exercise about an unhappy young man (Brad Dourif) with the possibility of arson people. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They are dying of Spontaneous Human Burning and it seems that what Sam is beginning to suffer comes from the pills his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain), gives him for severe migraines. In fact, Lisa was asked to manipulate Sam to take pills Lew Orlander (William Prince), actually the father of a young man who raised him from childhood. The lion has benevolent plans ... he sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a clean machine for killing in human form. He never wanted to do it himself and would do anything to silence the people responsible for his condition. As you can see in the film, Sam's blood is slowly growing toxic, green, not red. It seems that water and other substances, which often go out of fire, react exactly the opposite when Sam's uncontrollable bursts of flame erupt. Come to find out, Lisa has a state of Sam, whose parents also die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone whom Sam has known for a long time as his doctor, is putting toxic green liquids into their bodies, I guess that they will increase their level of flame. Nina (Melinda Dillon, with an accent that disappears and disappears) was a friend of Sam's parents and collaborated on experiments from the 1950s who are trying to talk to him about what's going on. And Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife who can work against her ex-husband, Leo and Mars, to hurt him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> A rather strange little horror, filled with some terrible effects of the flame. Dourif tries to bring a tragic element and intensity to his character, whose difficulty we see when his body slowly becomes toxic waste with fire often igniting from its holes. There is a large hole in his arm that spits out the flame like a volcano and a massive burn site on his hand that grows over time. The best scene is probably director John Landis, who presents a naughty electrical engineer trying to tell Sam to hang up, because the radio program he calls, sounded for the night, becomes a victim of SHC. Flick never works because it is so uneven with the sudden, absurd finale in which Sam offers to release Lisa from her fire by taking her away from her.
