The title itself (along with the poster) is enough to give away "The Projected Man" as an obvious fraud "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, much better than a typical IMDb review, seems unthinkable to accept Vincent Price. Though, think about who it would be, unless Micheal Gough was available? Still, if you're in the mood to see a British "Hammer" movie with a science fiction theme about a terribly bad teleportation experiment ... well, you may still want to give "The Projected Man" a pass and bury in the "other" container in the local Wal-Mart Mart for another movie about an accident with a teleport. Because this one just is not that good. <br /> <br /> Haliday has caught a lot of good humor from the MST3K crew for taking part in this movie and in "Devil Doll", but it is actually the best thing in TPM. Maybe he can not move the movie, but there is practically no help from the script. The scenario drowns out any forward momentum, what plot can there be in the mud of nonsense about funding and university politics, as well as a guy named Lembach and some sinister Kabbalah who wants the teleportation machine to fail so that they can steal its secrets ... or something . So all the dramatic sequences in the first half of the movie include phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent coffee makers and teleportation of rats. Then, when poor Haliday is crippled by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the movie, wearing a diaper on half face and rubber cement for the rest, while he electrocutes various Londoners who have a chance in his way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using bullhorn could not make this scenario. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, all other actors are diligently trying to revive and interest their roles in this small project, but the scenario simply absorbs their efforts. The corrupted project administrator is worried and hissing the phone blackmailers, all the time not noticing that he looks like a werewolf dressed in a tweed suit and a Tattersall vest. Halidaya's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing affair in the history of British horror movies. His secretary is forced to parade in his "small". Nothing works or gels into a real movie. And everything just ceases to be dead, leaving the viewer: "Eh? Excuse me, should not you be here FINALLY? "<br /> <br /> Still, despite all the problems, I can easily exchange a dozen horrors from the same period that were just as bad or worse, and anyone who follows movies (or who has ever viewed IMDb "Bottom 100"). I would not actually pay for having a "Projected Man", but if it was attached to some compilation with a dozen other films in the DVD collection, I would probably feel good if it had one. It is a harmless diversion, perfect for a horror film festival, for watching with friends while eating lots of beers and snacks on a Saturday evening.
