Professor Paul Steiner conducts research on the transfer of matter. He has developed a machine that he can use to remove an object, such as a wrist watch or rodent, so that the object materializes again in another place. But in his research center there are those who dislike or dislike his experiments and will do anything to see that he will fail. After an unsuccessful demonstration that could save his funds, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, things are terribly wrong, and he becomes a terrified madman whose usual touch will kill. <br /> <br /> In retrospect, maybe it was not a good idea to re-watch The Projected Man in the same week I watched The Fly, Return of the Fly and Curse of the Fly. It seems that there are only so many films about the transfer of matter and the potentially terrifying effects it can have on the human body that one person should endure in three or four days. I'm not sure what's responsible for the list of movies as the source material for The Projected Man, but most of them are so similar to Fly movies that it can not be just a coincidence. However, The Projected Man is not even as good as the worst Fly trilogy. <br /> <br /> Besides being terribly unoriginal, The Projected Man has several other problems that really hurt the joy of the movie. I have a big problem with Bryant Haliday at the helm. It's such a horse's ass that I'm not just worried about his suffering, but I've really eradicated him. Supporting cast members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so bland and boring that they almost do not matter. In fact, little is excited about watching The Projected Man. Soundtrack ?? not very memorable. Appearance "Much of this I would describe as" muddy. "Plot ?? possible to predict. Action ?? has none. In general, this should be avoided. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, I watched The Projected Man through A copy of Mystery Science Theater 3000. Funny stuff, although it is not an absolute, often poorer movie - the better MST3K riffs, the guys hit almost all the characters in The Projected Man, I give him a very enthusiastic 4/5 on the MST3K scale.
