Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after moving to Los Angeles for professional purposes (hubby player David is now a Galaxy LA player after moving from Real Madrid) initially were to be a full series, but fortunately they were shortened to only one hour or less. But even in this form it is still hideous endless. <br /> <br /> Like virtually all "real" television programs, most incidents are clearly faked, and the program itself admits that the newly appointed personal assistant Posh is an actress. It looks like Ugly-Betty, we hear some ugly written and made banter at the beginning (with an obvious joke about the apparent dalliance of Becks with the previous, or rather more effective PA Rebecca Loos, although her name is not mentioned) with subsequent sequences involving a false doll, to cheat paparazzi and hopeless attempts to break the baseball ball. <br /> <br /> It could have been more fun if everyone admitted that it was fluff and had the Ress act or impersonator in the lead role. The talented impressionist Ronni Ancona would be perfect and it would be better to be Posh than Posh herself, and if this more sensible decision was made, much more fun and amusement would take place. we stayed here with the real thing (Mrs. Ancona could have rejected this scenario as too weak), and although there are strange scattered attempts at self-mutilation and irony, it never works remotely because of earlier information about La Beckham's considerable wealth earlier and her inability to supply would-be Despite the intentions of sending her image, Mrs. Beckham turns out to be a shallow egoist, and her weak one-wayers do not convince us that she has some humoristic self-awareness. I suspect that if you take a more realistic approach to the movie "fly on the wall", namely Posh walking any street in LA and being completely ignored (instead of crazy, staged scenes of gentle hysteria at the exhibition here) and coworkers doing indescribable jibs about th I mentioned earlier Mrs Loos, it would make television a bit better, but being a flattering PR material, the bony would never allow such events. <br /> <br /> Having said that, the later scenes in which she made a special performance at the baseball stadium, where indifferently presented herself to the uninterested crowd, but will be difficult if she wants to make him big in Hollywood. His friend Scary Spice (aka Mel Brown) also could not make him a great resident of the movie capital despite her romances (which were not consummated) with the big name Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> The Spice Girls were of course a very popular pop bubblegum group in the mid-90s, more in their native Britain, but still popular in other countries, including the US. They were certainly fun at the peak of their glory (1997), when it seemed that Britain had a great period of optimism with Cool Britannia and New Labor government that seem to be The Spice Girls To sum up better than anyone at the time, even if it was slightly produced. But they were never outstanding musical or vocal talents, and British optimism seemed to quickly disappear at the end of this year (the starting point was probably the tragic death of princess Diana), just like The Spices themselves. Their presence on the music and entertainment scene quickly became repetitive and obvious, and if everyone quietly withdrew from a public look with dignity to enjoy their fortunes, then we would all have pleasant memories encrypted in our mind without feeling guilty. Unfortunately, the appearance of a hideous culture of "celebrities" in the United Kingdom at the beginning of the millennium paid the imaginations, and we all suffered thousands, if not millions of stories about The Spices from, Posh is the worst perpetrator, and the rest of her colleagues are not too far behind. It has recently been announced that the congress will take place soon, which is surprising because they have never left and certainly do not require any additions to their swelling bank accounts. Maybe because two of them are struggling with single mothers, maybe? <br /> <br /> Well, it's soon time for Becks's adventures in a great documentary, I can not wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 z 10.
