I love everything that the great co-author Paul Nascha (R.I.P.) has ever been. Although not all of Naschy's films are great, they all have a special charm that can not be found anywhere but in Naschy-flicks, and they are always fun. However, there is no rule without exception, such as "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves. While the film has a specific charm of "fabrication", it sadly drags too much and gets really boring between them. Star stars as the evil baron Gilles De Lancré, who oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought side by side with Gilles De Lancré against the British, learns about the baron's bad behavior, decides to turn his former companion against his former companion and help people free themselves from the tyranny of the evil baron ... < br /> <br /> Directed by Leon Klimovsky, who is best known for directing Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" ("Werewolf versus a vampire woman", 1971), the movie was written by Naschy himself. Naschy often wrote his own films and it must be said that he mostly did a better, more original work than in this case. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built as a historical adventure, not as a horror story. Often reminiscent of movies with a sword and sandal from the 1950s, only this movie takes place in the Middle Ages. The satanic part was probably added just because the great name of Paul Nascha is associated with the genre of horror. The film has its good sides: Paul Naschy gives strange speeches, Paul Naschy looks strange, Paul Naschy does satanic things, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, etc. Unfortunately, most of the film focuses on a boring hero and good guys, and these moments are boring. Female casts are pleasing to the eye, but unlike most Naschas, there is no nudity or insanity. It's a bit gore, but it looks awkward in most ways and it's not as fun as most other Nostalgia movies. Generally speaking, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is worth seeing only for my Nascha enthusiasts. There are dozens of films with the participation of the Spanish deity of horror, which must be seen before this film, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" ("The Hunchor of the Mortuary", 1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("Hanging Woman", 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba" ("Horror rises from the tomb", 1973), "Latidos De Panico" ("Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004), or any werewolf movie "Waldemar Daninsky" ego". TEAR. Paul Naschy. Legends never die!
