It is quite clear that the director and the production team have decided to paint less than a flattering picture of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website suggest that Ayat has a secret reason to blow on himself and Rachel - the boy's problem - may be pregnant. Carefully repainted is the fact that Ayat herself witnessed the death of a close friend from the hands of the Israelis - right behind her home. Gee, so why the hell of a young, pretty, intelligent girl with plans to study will go and do something like that? Is it possible that a hormonal emotional boy has suffered a trauma, seeing that someone he loves dies before her eyes? This detail deserves 5 seconds in the film. Another carefully omitted detail is that Avigail Levy, Rachel's mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building in which the Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). One gets the impression that he offers it as a "concession" - will Mrs. Akhras agree to talk to her. "Why would I?" Says that (since the film was made, the house was destroyed - apparently the interview did not lead to what it wanted - so take bulldozers) Ms. Levy claimed that "she wanted the film to be cleansing and also hope, chance of hating "- instead uses it as an excuse to harass Ayats' mother, while hanging from the house as a carrot. the reality of the occupation for her Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can just drop in a cup of coffee? Please. And she gives up the only chance that she had to meet Mrs. Akhras personally and see what life she is living. (The Akras family came from Jaffa but now lives in a refugee camp just 4 miles from the place where Levys live in luxury. comes out nice, honest and loving - despite the postproduction team's best efforts to paint her and her family as monsters.Heck even the music and sound project was one-sided - I think muezzin sings the whole day every day 4 miles from the Levy family home, always in sharp contrast is the key to juicy new-age music that gets this grim pretext for the document. There is also a small question of translation - Ms. Levy, DIRECTLY, turns to the English camera when she has something to say before, in Hebrew, when she does not. she spoke only Arabic, who sometimes received TRANSLATION, sometimes TRANSLITERATION, always n Kind, and very suspicious of an allegedly objective film. edition also for Ms. Akhras segments. I gave him 2 because I liked his mother and father Ayats, who looked like good decent people. Shame on HBO, producers and director, for releasing such a smelly bomb.
