Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? When we are introduced to the worlds of the town's inhabitants in 1901, this three-act game opens before us with the help of "The Stage Manager", a visual narrator, if you like. After initial introductions, we are led to the homes of two specific families; The Webb's and the Gibb's. <br /> <br /> This is definitely Central America at the turn of the century and the progressive lifestyle of the American Dream and its sakaric undertones that may seem a bit biased in this dream city. Here we can see the daily lives of 2,642 residents of Grover's Corners in New Hampshire, even if there are migrant Polish workers who add another 500 to numbers, they never look. > <br /> After introducing the everyday life of these families; wives cook, children work at home, fathers work, children fall in love, clean fences are painted white, the second act begins three years later, after young George (young and unrecognizable William Holden, then 22 years) and Emily they fell in love and intend to get married. Blooming doves reaching the stars and reaching also the turning point in their lives, from the nest in which they lived, and now, in the anxieties and unhappiness of young adulthood, nervously approach. The third act is slightly more acidic and negative, it is in this act that the intentions of films are revealed, here we do not see life, not celebration, but death, and in this situation in which they die, return and reconcile their own past life is it is to remind us to tell us that life and every last minute, every precious breath can not be wasted and squandered. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third also that their own political attitudes seem more visible, feeling a more propaganda feat on a moral lecture on Central America and how it should manage its home and how it should organize it. This is not just about "our" city, it is a moral diction directed to "our" souls and how America can improve better if its peoples (except for Poles, Irish, Native Americans and liberated ethnic minorities), and minority in general, as well as those supporting the backbone of Americans who still did not have a fair share of this narrative), such as the middle classes, can live up to the expectations of an American dream through a decent, decent life. Suppliers of the American Dream with a special invitation only. <br /> <br /> I was also a bit interested in this movie, but I felt that his narrative has a stronger influence than anything else that took part in it, although a bland game, a musical score or as well or not, was made . It was the intention of the movie to exclude other groups, and only such as Webb and Gibb, in the future of a developing US country, a good movie, but also somewhat biased in its attitude, I thought. <br /> <br /> Taken from the art of American born Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), this game with Pulitzer Prizes and six Oscar-nominated films was the focal point of the eternal movement of life and its three main attributes; Life, love and death, spectacles translated into celluloid, are slightly directed to the right side of social consciousness. Our city begins with what seems to be a lesson of futility, as in other cities, nothing too exciting here, if only the city has "the right kind of people", you can still leave your back door open here, we see the developing life of these two families, but their moral and social attitude is more important than themselves. Our city could simply be "any city", as long as you come from the right part of the city.
