I picked up the Time Changer because it looked like a nice, low-budget film about sci-fi travels and I was in the mood for something like that. The description says it has something to do with some biblical material and time travel, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian movie! <br /> <br /> The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could go away and was much more interesting than it ended. Our hero, who is a biblical professor from the 1890s, ultimately goes to the year 2000 and discovers that modern life is full of evil influences - nowhere is Jesus. This wonderful technological feat is achieved through the help of another Bible teacher who somehow managed to create a functional HG-Wells time machine. At this point, the movie begins to lose credibility, which is unfortunate, because it happens very early in the film. Earlier (or maybe immediately later, I do not remember for sure), our hero professor was seen teaching what seemed to be a scientific class, where he claimed that scientific discoveries could be considered confirmed if they could be matched with what the Bible says. For everyone it should be obvious that this is not clearly what the scientific method is about, but it is presented in such a way that filmmakers seem to prefer the point that science is only useful if it supports their claims, otherwise it is not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is perfectly reasonable and reasonable in the context of the character at that time. So, if we assume that for those professors of the Bible, then of course the professor who went out and invented the time machine is not a very strong believer, because I do not think there is any evidence (and none was offered) for the physicist of time travel in the Bible. So immediately there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility, but no matter ... <br /> <br /> After convincing the professor to take a step into the future, the shock of modern technology was mostly well-counseled. It was also nice not to pin it to the exact year (when the character reads the date from the newspaper, the car bumps into the corner and scares him that he will not end the date: it's only two thousand .... * Honk *). A bit of shock, however, took a bit too long. For example, the car was one of the first things that he encountered when he arrived, and about two days later he invited him on a church night and would drive a van. He stretches his head out of the window, like a dog can, is afraid of headlights and a starting engine, etc. It seemed a bit wrong because there was a few days there, and the city seemed to be very busy traffic. In any case, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the technological shock was well done - especially his first meeting with the television, which was delayed because he did not even realize what it was until he saw the child watching them and using the remote control. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our protagonist in a predictable way begins to preach to almost everyone he meets, as if he was an authority in life and religion only because he comes from the past and is an elder. In the end, he gets a brief moment in the spotlight of the church he visited, and explains to him his concept of Christianity in a long monologue that was meant to be moving and insightful, but for the most part it was just the same. A few husbands in the church start to feel strange about this guy (go to the figure) and examine his name. In the end, they conclude that he is either a time traveler or impersonates this long-dead professor of the Bible and decides to find out what it is. The movie shows these guys as unbelieving bad guys for being skeptical. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor has to return to his time, he faces these two men. Trying to avoid being arrested or distracted, he finally breaks into a crazy madness about Jesus coming soon and being a prophet, so they should listen to him. He escaped only in time, and one of the men wonders if this is an elation he has heard so much about. <br /> <br /> The irony is that it basically means that the professor has become a self-proclaimed (and most likely a false) prophet claiming that he knows that the exultation was close and was sent by God when he was truthfully sent by his other biblical professor and did not have any knowledge from God (which was stated or even indicated). br /> <br /> As I understand it, Revelation says that the time of the end is only for God to know, and at the end of the film we see a professor-inventor trying (and unsuccessfully) to send the Bible into the future. First, 2080, then 2070, etc., When the scene disappears. Apparently trying to determine the exact date of the ending times - which he should not know! Essentially, the entire premise of the film is annulled because being so stubborn on its religious convictions and on how certain things are known only to God, it means that there can not be a time machine at all, because then humanity could learn something that only God should know! The assumption of the whole film breaks down and makes the whole thing essentially worthless, because it eventually undermines its credibility.
