One of the more "literary" lonely stars, with time devoted to character development and interaction, dialogue and acting. The opening scene sets the scene (literally) for the personality of the gambler, Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler) and his buddy, John Scott (John Wayne), rodeo stars (let's say Roh-Day-oh), both are slightly flashy. The film follows their adventures, trying to best follow each other's Mexican Juanita, and later in pursuit of the perky Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (although he was led astray by a real villain, and wants to atone). And, of course, they are wrongly accused of two crimes and must serve in prison before escaping and being cleansed at the end. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that Scott is constantly and deliberately looking at Mary's ass in her grocery store and throwing away the ladder he stands on so that he can catch her and catch her when she falls down. Everything seems a bit modern in the case of the 1930s western, but it sounds better than it really is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting elements of the action that we find in many other lonely stars are missing here. No, Yakima Canutt. Cheap and bad use of film stocks of riders falling from horses. Not George Hayes. Tedious Stooge-bi-play between Scott and Charlie, with Charlie swinging on Scott, Scott walking his leg and hitting him (repeated two more times!). The qualified Paul Fix is ​​underused. Eddy Chandler himself, here in his big star, is not as trustworthy as a kick from the side. The villain is too old and thick. Like Chandler, who spent his later career in another 300 films as an uncounted meatball. Mary Kornman from the 1920s "Our Gang" (see "Mary, Queen of Tots" 1925) is charming in her scenes with John Wayne, but that is what it is all about. Seeds of a better western lie here. <br /> <br /> P.S. A very short, colorful version that looks good, moves so fast, it's over if you blink more than once. Fortunately, the shameful scenes with Eddy Chandler have been cut.
