Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent, sensitive man with bold new ideas for making movies. He wanted to be an author, to break away from the limitations of the system and bring new realism to American cinema. Bravo him for it. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can not applaud Women under the influence. Cassavetes took something that could have been a fascinating subject (crazy woman) and somehow managed to create a boring movie, filled with long, distorted adrenaline and stretched scenes. It seems that he had the gift of capturing the weakest moments of a man's life on film and often it seems that he simply turned on the camera in the family and let the engine run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes caught something terribly REAL - or even the core of something so real that it touched the heart in a way that conventional film could not. However, I think that performances, especially Rowlands, are artificial. For a moment I never believed that she was really crazy. I've met people who are really mental disorders, but I've never seen one of them act like Gena Rowlands in the movie Woman under the influence. She played it like a very unbearable, uninhibited woman who drinks a lot, and even that was misleading, because we only see her once (at the beginning), but she is drunk for the rest of the movie. There are times in which he uses something real, but these moments are few; she fails to maintain a mentally disturbed character without any problems. Again, I approve of her efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make a real performance. <br /> <br /> Beginner viewers who will appear in this film and see its high IMDb rating, will no doubt feel compelled to love it and rate it high to prove that they "get". But do not be brainwashed - judge for yourself. You do not have to pretend you like it. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes may be accused of solipsism in his film work, it seems that his psyche and his own life experiences are so fascinating that he could not imagine that others seemed suspicious and seductively indulgent. But Woody Allen has demonstrated at least a present for the entertainment of the audience - he knows that the fascinating structure of history and a large dose of humor are indispensable in every film. If Cassavetes used self-discipline (and a sharp pair of editing scissors!), A Woman Under the Influence could have a chance. But what is the point of making a "realistic" movie if the only people who can sit in it are the house-bearers and film students who worship Cassavetes as some anti-establishment deity? I think that Cassavetes could have made a woman more accessible without moving anything, keeping pace with real plot, instead of presenting a sequence of 30-minute scenes with ad-libbed arguments. If you create movies for yourself and a few fans, you reach already converted ones. Watch this movie with your own set of eyes and make your own decisions. If you are really moved and fascinated, good for you.
