From the actor and freelance scriptwriter / director John Cassavetes, the Woman under the influence gives the viewer a look at the working class family with the problem of mental instability. Husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk), is a worker who has problems showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), which he deserves. From the very beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very strange and strange, but only a few minutes later it is clear that it is something more. Crazy. Crazy. With her goddamn mind. Nick tries to hide it from his colleagues and after he has a strange incident during dinner, he asks her if everything will be okay, if he tries to deny Mabel's illness. Her problem is only spiral. <br /> <br /> I found some special problems with this movie. I think that these problems were mainly present in the story and the way in which some of the characters acted towards the end. Mabel was committed because, to be honest, she's crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital, and her husband throws a party to greet her back. He never plays stupidly at the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all these people, some of them strangers to Mabel, to his home when his wife is in such a delicate state? It's just idiotic. Later, when Mabel enters the house, Father Mabel has a huge blast in Nick, shouting at his throat that he does not want to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from six months of rehabilitation, and the thing you want to do is keep her calm, and he cheats spaghetti? A few minutes later in the movie Nick introduces Mabel to the stairwell and forces her to do things that she did when she was mentally unstable; make her strange sounds and gestures. Did not he send her there to improve her and he did not do those things? After this event, various other parts appeared, but it would simply be unnecessary to look at them in more detail. I think I had a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision to let his characters act this way. It just did not make sense. <br /> <br /> However, although I had problems with the end of the movie, there was one aspect that really healed him; acting. Gena Rowlands played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when I forgot I was playing, where I was so absorbed by her wild gestures and crazy conversation that I was really afraid of her. It was amazingly convincing and intense. However, I was impressed by the rest of the Mabel family. Peter Falk played a very strange character and almost thought he was crazy because of the awkward way he treated his children, his work, and especially his wife's situation. Usually, I do not appreciate children's actors either. But the young people who played Nick and Mabel's children in this film were phenomenal. I really felt like they were Mabel's children because they seemed so attached to her and were very interested in helping her with the problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept the film together, and without them it would make the movie less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> Generally, I was not impressed with this movie. The story was confused and unclear, and the characters acted in a way that made me wonder who was not crazy in the movie. The only salutary grace was the excellent, leading acting roles of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting have kept the film together and are probably the only reason why the film has ever achieved something.
