In a woman under the influence Mabel will go crazy, but I see why she is going crazy. If I lived the life that she lived with the family she has, she would also go crazy. Everyone in her family is out of her rocker, not entirely with him. She's still surrounded by people screaming at her and telling her what's best for her and for the people who are not the sharpest knives in the drawer. <br /> <br /> Start with one person closest to her in life, her husband, Nick, is a bit spoiled. He always yells at her when she's at home and tells her how to live and stop acting like an imbecile. For the rest of the time, he works for hours at work and is not there to support when he needs support. The only person in her life who should always be there, she is never there, and if she is, she just makes her feel worse. He relies on him and always turns to him when he feels bad and does nothing to support her. When he comes home from the hospital, everything he does tells her how to act instead of comforting her, he just yells at her and tells her what to do. <br /> <br /> Other main people in her life are her parents. Her parents do not do anything for her. Mabel essentially runs his life because they are afraid to oppose her and defend her. In the end, he even asks his father to stand on her side, and he does not understand, and when he does, he still does not do anything. They are not doing anything to help Mabel recover or stop her madness because they are not doing anything for their time. The only person who is trying to do something for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother insists that she committed Mabel. She does not want Nick to deal with it, so he must be hired by a doctor. It seems that everyone is against Mabel and feel that committing it is a good idea, because then they will not have to deal with it anymore. Everyone wants to live their own life and do nothing for Mabel, except to shout at her and make her feel that she is doing something wrong when she is not really. That's why she went mad and that's why she had to be committed, it was all her family's fault.
