It should be titled "Balderdash!" Few in the movie is true, except for the name of the island and the fact that it was about submarines. Not much more than film-quality training with poor camera work, muddy film material and perhaps the climax of the Japanese stereotypes with laughing Japanese infantry, laughing Japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional Americans with square jaws dying left and right. Sixty years later, it is unintentionally funny as a strange artifact and an opportunity to see what is possible when the war fever is on you. The plot and dialogue remind me of playing guns on a summer afternoon in my childhood, peering through a neighbor's hedge, to gain a fatal advantage on my best friend Steve and my younger brother. In fact, the invasion of Makin Island was almost a complete failure when Carlson and his people wandered in the dark, exchanging shots with shadows, and finally thirsty and completely confused, looking for someone to give up before something like a confused Japanese would happen soldiers who surrendered to them! At the time of withdrawal, several Marines of Carlson landed on another island and were abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell this story, not in 1943, so this little whim was fabricated and thrown at the drumbeat. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) leading a unit consisting almost entirely of caricatures, a green recruit (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), a gray-haired veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene), a national bumpkin (Rod Cameron), a full American boy (Alan Curtis) and dozens of sneers (when they did not laugh) "Japanese." And yet the cast almost goes through the material. Almost. The narrow range of Randolph Scott perfectly suits his role as a major commander, and he is supported by a solid group of professionals who do their best with a thin gruel. But in the end, one exercise object wins. All appearances are completely abandoned when Randy Scott simply looks straight at the camera and makes a stirring (stirring well) call to the weapon. The cast was better than this material. Like the audience. He should be seen with Reefer Madness and a bottle of inexpensive Merlot.
