The DVD became the equivalent of the old, late night circulation, the last chance to catch old movies on the verge of total oblivion, like The Border. In 1982, there were big expectations? screenplay written by Walon Green of The Wild Bunch, Jack Nicholson at a time when he could still work without a semaphore and a great cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), directed by Tony Richardson (though he was almost used up)? but now he does not even appear on television. The material certainly offers a rich collection of opportunities to comment on American dreams of capitalism and visible consumption from the 1980s, when Nicholson's border patrol turns a blind eye to a bizarre drug deal or trafficking to finance his wife's ruthless materialism until he rediscovers his conscience when he finds out that his partners are also in the infant sales business. Unfortunately, he never really gets his hands dirty, he barely even closes his eyes before his decency rises to the surface. The film seems always diluted, as if too many alterations and too many committees left him castrated and, unfortunately, the recent DVD release is a missed opportunity to restore the original nihilistic ending in which Nicholson crosses the borders and the border guard bomb that was cut after the audience announced that it is too weak, but which was still visible in the film's trailers. <br /> <br /> Although it probably was not very convincing, considering how low the influence of Nicholson's conscience on the film had to be better than the primitive climax, in which the movie abandons logic and even the basic principles of continuity: in a certain the moment he keeps characters at gunpoint, and then he is somewhere else and is free, trying to kill him, one figure comes out from the wounded in his house to jump like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande, while the character Valerie Perrine becomes dumb at the exponential level. The villains of this piece are removed with absurd ease (and one impressive car performance) for a clumsy edited happy ending and you start to wonder if you have somehow found yourself in a completely different movie. What makes him even more clumsy is that the rest of the movie is so flat and disappointing that the sudden jump into the melodrama is even more shocking. Unfortunately, the beautiful title song of Ry Cooder, Across the Borderline, says it much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of this movie, it completely wastes the great Warren Oates for nothing. Even when he does not make an impression, you know something is wrong. All in all, I remember too easily why I found it so forgotten at that time.
