To view this movie, I would undoubtedly have to quote this memorable scene in Tarantino's film "Pulp Fiction" (1994), when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and about what he's doing for a living. Jules tells Vincent that "The only thing that paid off was the pilot." Vincent asks: "What the hell is a pilot?" And Jules describes very well what a TV remote is: "Well, the way programs do it, they make one program. This program is called a "remote control". and on the basis of this one show they decide if they intend to do more concerts. Some pilots are selected and become TV programs. Some do not become nothing. She played in one of those that became nothing. Now, to discuss what Jules talked about, there are BILLIONS of TV programs / pilots that have never been released because they just were not ... good, good. Probably the most well-known pilot who comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", spin-off to "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff in the lead. Hmmm, would anyone really like to watch Radar for half an hour trying to solve crimes? Hence the performance has never been taken away. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots are almost never shown on air, because they are only intended for TV networks so that they can decide. Some have managed to get to the past and come to the air (the American Dad's pilot comes to mind because the show did not start until four months later) everyone should be happy that the pilots never fly into the air, here's why. br /> <br /> "Black Bart", the alleged connection with the classic comedy Mel Brooks "Blazing Saddles", is an outdated and mindless "sitcom" with a small heart and no soul. "Saddles" were a controversial comedy, nevertheless with racist humor and a vulgar comedy that comes to mind "what idiot decided it would be a great TV program at the PRIME TIME TV?!?", I say "I suppose" because none of the memorable characters from the movie, except for Bart, in this mess of the TV program. Mel Brooks was not even involved in the production of the show, and that was the first mistake in the long line (In a related story, I recently learned remote control of unused television series based on the film "Clerks." Ke Ke vin Smith was not involved .... see what's going on?!?). <br /> <br /> Set up somewhere at the same time as the movie (or not at all), the story revolves around the only black sheriff in the wild west, appropriately named "Black" Bart, which this time plays the future Oscar winner Louis Gossett Jr. , of course, before his performance in "real" acting, while in it he plays "G-rated" Richard Pryor. Most other characters are copies of the movie characters (if not really bad): Jim, Waco Kid is replaced by a similar character named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is fast with weapons. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, a more rip off character that is a show dancer and a German with an accent and personality Marlene Dietrich. Although this is the end of similarities, the main "bad guy" in history is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, which I assumed would have been Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. he secured the rights to the name (see the trivia "Burning saddles") and his son Curley ... I do not know, Taggart, I think? History is a bad excuse for a sitcom, let alone a pilot. Bart deals with the mayor's drunken son and behaves out of control, which has caused the city to revolve. Really, this is a story that tries to introduce all characters from the "series" and does not focus on diversity and context that would make it a "good" performance. I really can not call it a sitcom (or even if I wanted to), and it's primarily because it was shot on the back tables at Warner Bros. Studios, and later added the path of laughter, so the show is set almost exactly like "M * A * S * H" (along with a bland and boring "laugh" identical to the series). Acting is so-so, but there is one part that always makes me laugh, and then the actor playing Reb Jordan almost forgets about his lines and tries hard to remember them, trying to choke out a bit of dialogue. HA! The script is rather boring and tries to make racism more humorous than in the film (surprisingly, using the word "N *** er" many times in the 22-minute episode, rather irritating for its period and even today) and it is done repeatedly. <br /> <br /> If you ever get this invisible element ssss ... surly, interesting element of the novelty, watch it only because of the feeling of watching pilots (It is in the Collector's Edition "Burning Saddles", God knows why). There is a first-hand chance for the reason why many film pilots never fly.
