It was difficult to sit in this terrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently, Matt Frewer was cast because he is tall and thin. His skull-like face was for a good zombie in the remake Dawn of the Dead, but as Sherlock Holmes he looks like a scarecrow. Frewer not only has a skinny, thin walk that is difficult to see, but also looks unpleasant in the stereotypical coat of Holmes he wears. Not only that, but when the coat is gray, apparently they could not find a matching hat. So his hat is black and looks shiny, like it's made of polyester. Regardless of what the hat was made of, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett wore these traditional costumes from time to time, but Brett did not have to dress up as Sherlock Holmes to look part of. Frewer on the other hand is painful to watch. Even in the full "Holmes" outfit, he does not wear Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> The corpse's face, grinning all the time when it spurts over and over in a very bad British accent of the "upper crust" is painful to see and hear. To say that Frewer is abusing, that's hardly said. At the end of each sentence with a nose, and then sneers at it as if it were some British feature. When I started to watch it, I thought it could be a comedy from Wishbone, Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer was manned as some kind of foil for Wishbone. Unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie except Frewer. Wishbone would make this film much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does the Sherlock Holmes Frewer version never stop talking (in this terribly artificial British nose accent), but it is very friendly and nice. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he talks to and is so kind and courteous that he could teach at the School of Charms instead of being Sleuth. Perhaps because it is the production of the Hallmark Channel, they try to create a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (also Wishbone was better), which was milder and milder. Whatever the meaning of Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes is, it is flatter than the pancake and worst version of Sherlock Holmes I have ever seen (including the worst one, by Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> Generally, the tone of this movie is horrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder. All suspects behaved suspiciously and stared at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson explain each other all the tips throughout the movie. Even on Murder She Wrote there are fewer exposures. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes does not even compare well to Jim Rockford from Rockford Files and is much below Columbo. A terrible dialogue is probably the writer's fault. It is obvious that who wrote this script has very little knowledge of Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version of Jeremy Brett. This movie has the whole atmosphere of the Little House on the Prairie episode. The fact that the actors seem to be smiling when they announce their poems in their false accents does not help. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot is Ken Walsh, who plays with Doctor Watson with some dignity. Walsh does not inhibit compared to Frew, and when he often interviews witnesses, his attitude and style of conversation are much more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateurish, and the visual cues that they give by shooting and making faces (to show that they are suspicious) are something that I have not seen in any modern movie.
