One of the most characteristic romance tales is the one in which it was written: "A seriously mad man falls in love with a terminally ill woman who turns her life away from death. From time to time, this story is done well and realistically (as in "Theory of Flight", a perfect weepie), but more often it happens like here, where, as usual, the heroine of "Old Movie Disease" dies. You know, a deadly disease that has no symptoms, but one fainting and a need to lie down, as you say to a lover forever; and your appearance is not affected a bit (and because it's the 70's, your sex life is not too). This is one of the worst versions of this particular story, in which a very stupid scenario combines two incompatible and unbelievable characters, and they are played by actors who are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> be the worst career outcome of Al Pacino and I say this after seeing "The Devil's Advocate" just two days ago! He plays a twisted driver, an emotionally hardened racer driver, and plays an unbearable life-form. It seems that she constantly wonders why she stays around the bars of Marthe Keller (like the audience) and spends most of the movie only ... standing there, usually with her mouth open. The only moment in which he shows any signs of life is the end in which his character proves that he has changed from the restless to the liberated, making fun the evil imitation of Mae West. Hey, it was * the seventies! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is as horrible as dying love; her character was conceived as courageous, free and moving, uninhibited and full of life, even though she was dying, and was likely to be played with an actress of sensitivity, say, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got an expressionless face and a heavy German accent by Mrs. Keller, who turns out to be a more terrifying Teutonic stereotype ("You VILL eat with omelet!") Than anything similar. She should reform Pacino and fill him with courage and spirit, but it does not work that way, it's more like his mistakes in the most horrible way. This makes it one of the least convincing romances in film history in which you can not believe it will be with someone you think is worthless, and you can not believe it is with someone who gets so upset. > <br /> Some fans of the evil film call it an iconic classic, mainly because of the stupid "liberating" imitation of Mae West Pacino. The scene is screaming, especially in the context, but it is not worth sitting after the rest of the movie. No, see the movie only if you're a serious fan of a bad movie that is particularly interested in studying the extreme lack of chemistry between leading actors, or Very Bad Casting (not only runs a horrible but different girl Pacino is played by an actress who looks and sounds, likes Keller with shorter hair, I have them totally confused). This is not one of those laughter movies like "The Conqueror", it's just a really bad movie. <br /> <br />
