I can not remember why - I had to have a free ticket or something like that - I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I do not remember who I went to, which theater I was in, or even in what city. I only remember how offended I was in this parody, which someone dared to call a movie, and how half the people in the theater came out before the end of the movie. Unfortunately, I'm stuck on what I still think is one of the worst mistakes of my life. My offense became pure terror when just before the end of the subtitles, the slender demon child bumped his head and says, "Search for a problem child 2, coming soon!" It was the most frightening moment ever recorded on film. <br /> <br /> The plot, if I remember correctly, concerned John Ritter and perhaps his wives (Lord, as I tried unsuccessfully to block the movie from my mind), the adoption of a "child with problems". Maybe they think they can reform it or something. I really do not know. If that was their intention, they would fail, because from the first cage to the end this child remains the most brutal, the most terrible, the most terrifying demon ever to appear on the big screen. Forget about Damian, forget about Rosemary's child. This kid is taking a cake. The only difference is that we should sympathize with him because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible because this child is probably the most unpleasant figure ever presented. You want to kill him throughout the movie, and when (SPOILER, if anyone cares) John Ritter decides to stop the vile hell-child you will shout "Send him back!" In shocked disgust (like a few people in the theater where I saw it). <br /> <br /> This is just the second movie that I gave "1" on IMDb. The second was Superman IV, and for God I could not say what was worse. John Ritter had a quote on TV Guide about the time when Problem Child 3, in which he was not, went out. He said something like, "The only way I could do the next sequel [Child Problem] is if they drag my dead body back into the show. Additionally! <br /> <br /> I'd rather watch a 24-hour marathon in the Police sequel than see another twenty-minute Problem Child. 1/10, just because I can not give it a negative result, what it really deserves. Let someone sleep the original negatives of this movie!
