Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon begins on board a plane full of American teenagers who are on their way to playing football in Japan, but during a violent thunderstorm their plane crashed in the Himalayas. It's really bad luck. With some dead and some surviving survivors, they must think about themselves and decide for help. However, once they think that their happiness can not get worse, they soon discover that the powerful, hairy Yeti-style Abominable Snowman wants to kill and eat them. Trapped, cold, starving and fighting for survival will help reach orphaned teenagers on time? <br /> <br /> Yes, with a title like Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Demon, it can only mean one thing, namely that someone in the Sci-Fi Channel has prepared yet another "Creation function", though to give it things a bit varied, the Sci-Fi channel here in the UK calls them "Beast Feast" now! As if it did matter. Directed by Paul Ziller, you have to say that Yeti: Curse of the Snow Deamon is a horrible movie, but at the same time a bit funny, it's definitely bad, but sometimes it's funny. The basic premise is basically correct, it's a kind of Alive crossword (1993) with a plane crash and survivors who have to turn into a cannibal to survive and a great bloody killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) flick exploitation Night of the Demon (1980) I would defend my last breath and say that it is not a marriage created in heaven, but as I said, it is funny sometimes if it is not exactly catchy or well written. The characters are mostly annoying American teenagers, you can expect a dispute, there is a macho hero, a strong woman and a coward who thinks only about himself, so there are no prizes for originality. There are also some holes in the storyline, if a flat load of people crashes, why do you only send two guards on foot to look for them? How do you intend to dig a large hole and align it with sharpened sticks in ten minutes? Why did not Yeti kill this bird at the end? Until then, he killed everyone, so why not? The twist "In fact, there are two runs of the Yeti" is not used at all. At least there is a good pace in the movie, it certainly moves at a good old pace and I have never been bored. There is some moderately bloody action, and the film is fascinating when it comes to whether or not the children survive and whether they will eat their dead mates or not. <br /> <br /> The only thing you can always say about these Sci-Fi "Creature Features" or "Beast Feasts" is that the CGI computer effects will laugh out loud, so it will happen again. The plane's crash looks awful at first, and the Yeti, when it's CGI, just looks embarrassing, jumping all over the place like a pogo stick. There are one or two nice scenes, including a broken hand, a crumpled head, a ripped heart, some dead bodies, a bit of blood splatter and the best portion when Yeti tears a guy in half and beats his torn leg before biting a large part of them. According to IMDb, the actor playing the Yeti needed three and a half hours to get into a suit and make-up that seems long because it is actually a rather dull-looking song. Apparently the original title was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon with the demon of Raksha meaning in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. <br /> <br /> It has a reasonable production value considering the usual things of the Sci-Fi channel that they release, although the mountain region does not resemble rough, gloomy Himalayas and probably was somewhere near the ski resort and during many scenes within the day looks nice warm. Acting is not very good and I did not think that one of the girls looks too good, which did not help. <br /> <br /> Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon is another horrible Sc-Fi channel "Creature Feature" if I'm honest that any sensible person will not like, but if you're looking for a bit of horror fun, it's not like that It's bad and there are one or two funny moments that make it a bit visible, even if it's not very good.
