What is inexplicable? First, the hatred of this movie. It may not be the best movie of all time, but a break, it has 11 oscars for a reason, it has made eight hundred million dollars for a reason. It's a damn good movie. This brings the other inexplicable aspect to it. I have no idea whatsoever why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in theaters. I referred it to television and video, and it had nothing to do with the impact I had when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three times, actually). But it can be, its appeal. It's a movie, yes, capital M there, it's an epic, it's a spectacle in the order of Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind, look so nice to me, with the hammy acting and excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic has nothing of it. Well, the acting was really good. The melodrama were sometimes heavy-handed. <br /> <br /> But the reason Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind, or give me a visual excitement. This movie is not quite stupid, but it is not cerebral at all. The visual excitement simply means ending the emotions of the audience. I didn't cry when Bambi's mother died, I didn't respond to tear-fighters. But it's a tearjerker with the power of ten million, an emotional roller coaster who, if it was a regular one, would make Buzz Aldrin shout like a little girl. And I'm sure if you watch it on video and have decided you hate it and have a good offer of cynicism, then you can keep this movie thoroughly. But if you just let up the unbelief a little, if you give the epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you'll enjoy it completely. And watch the top ten brutal movies of all time. Is a single one of them bad? Is a single one of them worth a score of 1 out of 10? No, not even the Phantom Menace. And this movie has made 1.8 billion dollars worldwide. It can't be bad. Impossible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p. how can anyone even consider comparing it to Spiderman? Spiderman was a fun movie, but it was a total of 9/11 knees that caused it as much as it did. It was simply nothing special. No one will remember this in 50 years. but I'm pretty sure Titanic will be remembered.
