I avoided watching this movie long ago. Long before it was even released, I dismissed it as an overheated, exaggerated, romantic piece of Hollywood skmaltz, and I didn't want anything to do with it. I never watched it in the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - although I have never seen it before. Then I was asked to be a judge at a high school's public speech match. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so good," she said. "You really felt like you were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow reviewers. One looked at me and said, "You can be right, but if she wants that movie, she might want to learn more about the real Titanic. The movie should have done something right for her. "Well, maybe," I thought. Then it finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll look at it." I didn't want to like it - and I didn't. I love it! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First, directing. My high school speaker was right. James Cameron does an excellent job of creating an almost "you are there" kind of atmosphere. The fame of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. The negligence as news from the iceberg first spreads; then the rising sense of panic. You don't just look at it; You really feel it. Then - those performances. The leading performances of Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - Winslet's superior, I thought, but both were good. They thought their rich girl / poor son characters a perfect "t". In my opinion, although the shoulder of the shoulder was, Frances Fisher was Rose's mother. She was perfect like the sniff aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and horror she'd seen every time Jack looked. Then - the details. I'm not knowledgeable about the sinking of the Titanic, but I have a fairly general knowledge, and this film does a wonderful job of accurately recreating the historical details and then seamlessly weaving the fictional romance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and not be taken with Celine Dion's performance of My Heart Goes On. <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the romance might be too crazy in the sense that I just didn't accept Jack being able to move so effortlessly from management to first class. (I know he was invited for the first time, but he still seems to be in the first class without being stopped until he was there for a while.) The realities of the separation of social classes were portrayed much more realistically, I thought, when the drivers' passengers would stay there after the ship hit the iceberg, while the first class had to enjoy half empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A slight doubt, though. It's really a great movie. My only regret is not seeing it in the theater, where I think it would be so much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
