After a brief prologue stalking a masked man and then cutting the throat of an elderly man on a deserted, urban, Australian twist of the ages, we met July (Rebecca Gibney) and Peter (John Adam) as they left home hunting. They get a fixer-top loan on a sturdy Sydney street, but it seems that physical decline is not the only problem with their new home. It can only haunt. <br /> <br /> 13 Gantry Row combines an unforgettable, or somewhat clickable story with good, average direction by Catherine Millar in a slightly above average shock. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistakes are partly due to the budget, but not quite excusable for that obstacle. A core problem occurs at the beginning of the movie. The opening of the "thriller scene" contains some witty editing. Freeze frames and series of stills are used to cover the fact that there is not much action. Suspension should be created from the setup, not fancy "fix it in the mix" techniques. There is a great atmosphere in the scene of the place, the lighting, the fog and so on, but the camera has to slowly follow the killer and the victim, moving back and forth from one to the other as we track down the street and their growing closeness. The shell and cuts must be slow. The attack had to be longer, clearer and better blocked. As it stands, the scene felt a strong "made for television" and there is a low budget. <br /> <br /> After this scene we are moving to the present and the flow of the movie is improving significantly. The story has many similarities to The Amityville Horror (1979), although the budget is a much more subtle approach. Millar and screenwriter Tony Morphett effectively create very clever, spectacular scenarios, often dramatic in nature instead of special effects-oriented, such as the mysterious man arriving to remove the old iron plates tied to bizarre inside walls. . <br /> <br /> For some horror fans, the first part of the movie may be a bit heavy on realistic drama. At least the first half hour of the film is especially July and Peter trying to arrange home financing and then trying to settle. But Morphett writes fine, intelligent dialogue. The material is done well enough that it is often as exciting as the more traditional thriller aspects that arise later - especially if you have gone through similar jobs while trying to buy your own home. <br /> <br /> Once they get settled and get things started, though the special effects often leave a lot to be desired, the ideas are good. The performances help to create tension. There is no abundance of death and destruction in the movie - there's more of an abundance of home-made nightmares. But no threat is really the point. <br /> <br /> The point is human relationships. There are a number of character bows that are very interesting. The house is more than a metaphor and a catalyst for stress in a romantic relationship that can cause it to become acidic and possibly destroyed. The fact that it is in a nearby environment and the relationship between two successful yuppies shows that these problems not only blame those with some external ways, such as money or health problems. Peter's character evolves from a striving corporate employee with 'normal' work-based friendships to someone with more desperation as he becomes subversive, planning to achieve something more liberating and meaningful. At the same time, we just learn how level the professional friendships can be. Julie goes through an almost literal nerve collapse, but eventually finds liberation when she frees her from her failed romantic relationship. Though 13 Gantry Row never exceeds its TV sound, as a TV movie, it's a very good one, with wonderful ambitions. Anyone who loves haunted movies, psycho-movies or horror / thrillers with a bit more metaphorical depth should find enough to enjoy. It is definitely not worth spending $ 30 for a DVD (this was the price my local PBS station requested for a copy of the movie after showing it (factoring in shipping and handling)) but it's worth a rent, and it's definitely worth looking for free.
