Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story about the historic setting of the Titanic. The plot is simple, uncomplicated, or not for those who love plots that turn and keep in tension. The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the movie, but the love story is an interesting one. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young woman engaged by Cal (Billy Zane). Early on, Rose travels to Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower-class artist on his way to America after winning his Titanic ticket in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it different from the top class who is so worried about their social concerns. The two fall in love and the audience sees the sinking of the Titanic mainly through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreckage by a group looking for treasures that have sunk recently with the Titanic. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who heard about the exploration of the wreck on television and flew to the boat where the search is being conducted to tell what she remembers of helping the search. She tells her memory of the one and only journey of the Titanic. This moves the scene to Southhampton, Ireland, where the Titanic range sails from April 10, 1912, as all passengers board. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic went out to see on his first voyage across the Atlantic that was brought to New York. Historically, the first few days of the journey went inconsiderate, but the fictional story of the story was developed during this time, as Rose sees the hopeless decay of a fiancée she enters into the affluent Cal Hockley and falls in love with a third class passenger, Jack Dawson. Captain Smith acted as indicated in the film, which was encouraged by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship so that they could make the newspaper headlines and receive extra publicity by arriving in New York on Thursday night and not on Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered the fateful decision of his twenty-two years experience to expel the Titanic's legs. The Titanic reported that the waters in the Atlantic Ocean were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and continued at full speed as shown in the movie. An iceberg was seen on April 15, 1912 at 11:39. They tried to shut down the engines and turn the ship out of the way of the iceberg, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as depicted in the movie. The portrayal of the very small holes in the side of the ship and not one large gash on the side is accurate. The Titanic crew sent out emergency supplies and set up emergency missiles, as indicated at 2:18 when the lights eventually failed. The lights of California were six miles away, but they couldn't realize what was going on and did not respond to Titanic's many pleas for help. The California tried earlier in the day to warn Titanic of the serious ice they caused to stop their journey, but Titanic brushed them so that California could turn off its radio and leave the Titanic on its own. The first-class women and children were the first to be depicted in the twenty lifeboats on the ship. Overall, the third class passengers suffered the most deaths from any class and the crew were also hit hard in this tragedy. The word of White Star Line employees and first-class passengers was believed to be that of second and third-class passengers when authorities tried to get information on sinking. Also, the metal used to build the Titanic has been found under severe cold conditions in recent years. The night Titanic sank to be extremely brittle. Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its portayal of events and times when these events occurred on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story were not and simply created for the purpose of the movie or as composite characters to suggest possible characteristics and ideas of people on the ship. The core group of Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose's mother were all fictional characters added to the story, representing different groups of people from time to time. Yet there are many characters like the unknowable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; the ship designer, Thomas Andrew; the White Star Line representative, Bruce Ismay; and all the Titanic officials were real. The first trip was Captain Edward Smith's last trip anyway, as he was planning to retire thereafter. He was part of the White Star line since 1880, working on the status of the Millionaire's Captain when the Titanic sank. The representations of the officers are accurate, as only four survived the tragedy, except for the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his pistol. He is on record as heroism acting and was misportrayed to the point that James Cameron apologized and summoned a monument in his honor in the former Canadian official's hometown. As shown in the movie, there was a language problem between the crew and many lower class passengers from non-English speaking nations. In addition, officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the lifeboat as depicted. The old people who were shown in their bed when the water came into their room were based on the Strauss. Mrs. Strauss refused to go into her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. Furthermore, Mr. Goggenheim, who grabbed his brandy and set a cigar on fire, allegedly went out as it was best dressed. But the wealthiest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owns most of Manhattan, also died, but his much younger woman was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued and later medals for the Carpethia crew set up the Titanic survivors. Her ticket on the Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars and by the end of her life she finally broke. All the inside of the ship was masterfully replaced by the last pieces of china and silverware. The gym, which is almost seen, is perfectly recreated with all the machines being reproduced to suit the old photos. The gorgeous outfits and costumes were an excellent re-creation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at this time controlled virtually everything, as the women's electoral movement had not really moved. Women during this time often married for financial security as Rose was considering doing and usually had a retreated status to their husbands as Cal wanted Rose to do. The rich did not look well at "new money" like Molly Brown depicted. Everything of the time was very formal. Women had to be accompanied at dinner by a male figure as seen in the dining room parts. Smoking was not very common among women of the time, but cigarette containers, which just came in time, were used by Rose in the movie. Men of the time usually didn't smoke cigars. Women are physically infected by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron had no background in historical films, he included Titanic experts, along with two years of cross-referencing the Titanic's history and few freedoms. The stunning cinematography and special effects also helped make the movie even more breathtaking. <br /> <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic, as the people on the ship had about three hours to consider their demise. The director, James Cameron, shows the different responses to this time of crisis in people's lives. Everyone responds differently and he gets you thinking how you responded if you were in that situation on the Titanic on that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s when it is produced, as it looks at the wreck of the Titanic. Just in the last fifteen years the site of the actual Titanic has been found and investigated. This movie could give us a deeper look at a disaster that many would not have seen. However, the moral question whether people today have to take treasures from the wreckage of an underwater cemetery is being set. There were attempts to stop treasury missions like the one depicted in Titanic, but all failed. As it stands today, everyone can make a trip to the Titanic and show every valuable thing they have portrayed in the film the general values ​​of our time on this matter. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film was done very well. To get images of the wreckage at the bottom of the sea, it took twelve dives to get all the material needed for the movie. In addition, a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressures at the bottom of the sea. Cameron did not intend to use sin to go as far inside Titanic as anyone in the 88 years since the ship sank, but it worked out that it provided a unique perspective in the ship. Furthermore, throughout the film, the Titanic wreck of the Titanic scene fades during its actual journey. This shift between the modern scene and the previous scene during the journey works as an excellent transition, which makes the story easy to follow in the eccentric way. At the beginning of the movie, a septic recreation is used to recreate the scene when the real people leave the Titanic coast. It distinguishes from the rest of the film's events. <br /> <br /> Almost like a historical biography, Titanic is like a work of art, a real epic. Like most history novels, we know the end, but it doesn't take away from the wonderful delicacies found in this picture. Certain aspects of this film are the Academy Award material, including costumes, sound, cynematics and editing. If you like interesting characters that give you insight into the life of characters in the early 1900s and how they experience a disaster, then this movie is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
