Back in 1997 I remembered that year: Clinton banned cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. It was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: a story about the dreams of dreams, about a boy and a girl who falls in love, but torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional dedication, the ship comes with a disaster. I don't think anyone would have expected Titanic to be as big as it was, the movie was bigger than life and has millions of fans, 85% of them were teenage girls, then I was 12 years old and of course the movie had several times. It was the movie that made me believe that the love Jack and Rose shared was so genuine and beautiful. At that time I felt that Titanic couldn't do anything wrong. Of course I grew up and didn't see the movie since I was 14, a couple of years ago I watched the movie for 5.99 on DVD and thought it was a good price and to see what I'm watching thought. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was it Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know it's silly to say, but I watched the movie again. Titanic is a fantastic movie, best movie of all time, no, just depends on your idea of ​​a good movie, but Titanic has made romance, humor, disaster, emotions, and never let us go on this first trip . <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the RMS Titanic's wreck, looking for a necklace set with a precious blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessfully, they discovered instead a drawing of a young woman lying naked, with the heart of the ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns from the drawing, and contact Lovett to inform him that she is the woman in the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his lifeboat. When asked if she knew the necklace chain, Rose Calvert remembered her memories aboard the Titanic, which for the first time revealed that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, high school 17-year-old Rose planned the ship with her fiance, Cal Hockley and her mother, Rut DeWitt Bukater. The two emphasized the importance of Rose's involvement with Cal, as the marriage was the extinction of the Dewitt Bukater debt: while having the outward appearance of the higher class, Rose and her mother were financially broken. Disturbed and frustrated by her fiancee to the controlling Cal and the pressure her mother gives her to go on with the marriage, Rose tries to suicide by leaping backwards. Before she jumps, a driver and artist named Jack Dawson enters. Jack and Rose start a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his traveling and sketching adventures; deepen their bond when they leave a stuffy first class formal meal of the report wealth for a much-alive compilation of Irish dance, music and beer in the third class. But after Cal's servant informed him of Rose's whereabouts, Rose was forbidden to see Jack again. However, after being a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to act on tea like a "real lady", Rose calls him and her mother, and asks Jack to sketch her naked and just carry the Heart of the Ocean , a fiancee gift from Cal. After a beautiful moment gathering in the very first back season, they go to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> They then see the fatal collision of the ship with an iceberg. After the ship's overlooked over how serious the collision is, Rose Jack tells them to warn her mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers the Rose's nude and her sticky note in his safe, and rattles Jack to steal the Heart of the Ocean by planting Lovejoy in Jack's pocket. After Cal plans to leave Jack to die under the deck, Rose walks away from him and her mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Cal and Jack, though enemies, want Rose safely, so they persuade her to drive a lifeboat. But after she realized she couldn't leave Jack, Rose jumped back on the ship and reunited with Jack in the first class trap of the ship. Jack and Rose return to the top deck, the lifeboats have gone, and the ship eventually goes into the free Atlantic and takes Jack and Rose off. <br /> <br /> So does Titanic stay hype? I'm still saying it's a good movie to watch. I think there are quite a few haters who for some reason want to get the movie dirty because it won a lot of awards and everyone was in love with the movie. . But it has great plays, great effects, a well written story and still looks flawless. Like it or hate it, you have to admit that this movie didn't get much hype, just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's wonderful ability to cry. This movie is something special. It will always hold a special place in my heart, but I also see that I saw this movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But all that aside, I recommend this movie, it's a wonderful and sure to go one day in the classic. <br /> <br /> 10/10
