ELEPHANT WALK may not be literature or film, but it is great fun in quasi-melodramatic mode. This is the story of love, both genuine and illegal, as well as the exaggerated ambition, dedication and arrogance of personal tyranny. A previous reviewer, John Mankin, asked why the central focus of the film, the Elephant Walk cottage, had to be built by the former owner, the "governor", late Tom Wiley, across the elephant's traditional main road. . source of water, the river. To miss this point is to miss the point of the whole centerpiece of the movie: man's hubris. That his son, played by Peter Finch, must be surprised by the super image and mystery of his reverent father, is not unexpected, as the boy grew up in a strange jungle with his father and his father without a mother 's rough boys' club' as his role models. The point of the father was that he was a self-made man who wanted to close nature to his liking, and it was not just a tea plantation on the countries that once dominated the elephants, but also that he was even the big bull elephant would dominate the herd, and so he would dominate his son and all around him, and so we joined the story after the elephants refused the important dry season access to their way to water. Who can know that this dry season will last so long and what will elephants do in desperation to get water? This is the nexus of the movie: what will animals do to get water; What will people do to gain power or love? Ceylon, today Sri Lanka, is the great island of India's coastline where the plantation is located and one quickly learns that it is the true landscape of the story, not just the expenses of Miss. Taylor didn't. It wasn't for this exotic place (much of the movie was shot in Ceylon), and the wonderful "bungalow" would have been just another pot boiler. One must recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, as it relieves the latter day of wealth and power reached by the English immigrant's victors, who were part of the British raj. It's just such wealth gained through the use of virtual slave labor that one can build such a wonderful home of ebony, teak and marble. Not to be forgotten are the wonderfully carved Jalees (grille work window and transit boundaries) that are clearly specified by the artists J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and of course made by the cheaper labor on the island. Such craftsmanship shows the close attention to detail that these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the mix of time, place and architecture, there is always the grace of Miss. Taylor, as she marries a man does not really know and is silenced by another man, against the background described, and under the overall tyranny of the legacy of a deceased man. As I said, it's not a great literature or even a big movie, but it is a great spectacle long before the term is uncovered by the special effects extravagansas of today. <br /> <br /> It's one of those movies made to be seen on the giant screen of an outside entry, not on home TV, so arrange the biggest screen to watch it to appreciate the fine camera work and its scope.
