Scott Bartlett's "OffOn" is nine minutes of pure madness. It is a frontal attack of psychedelic, pulsating, epilepsy-inducing flashlights and colors, and the first true fusion of film and video in avant-garde theater. There is no story to talk about, but Bartlett uses images of nature ?? especially the human face and shape ?? To challenge a range of emotional responses, integrating these biological phenomena into the highly industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents the merger of humanity into its tools, its machinery, its technology. This theme connects with the subplot of HAL9000 in Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968), "and indeed, Bartlett's opening series of images ?? shimmering colors for one's eye? remind Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. The footage is jumble-colored, a confrontational blend of crisp, vibrant photography and increasingly grainy video, as if we were too close to a television screen. In fact, the end product was taken from a TV monitor. . <br /> <br /> There is some confusion about the movie's release. IMDb called the film a release of 1972, but in 1968 both the National Film Register and the National Film Conservation Fund gave the right year. Perhaps this inequality reflects the time between the film's completion and its first public performance. Anyway, the footage is clear before their time, sometimes reminiscent of a 1980s music video, and a little bit of technological music would not go wrong! 'OnOn' captures grain, fragmented images, which suggests too much information from the cross-cutting perspective of computer processing. I had a thought ?? and don't laugh at this free thought interpretation? that an extraterrestrial civilization that captures Earth's television sets can receive such diverse, strange documentation of human life, a bizarre montage of only vaguely known images that may not make coherent meaning. Perhaps this is where man, with all his technology, is finally heading for an irreversible fusion of film and video, of purity and artificiality.
