Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is the definitive cop movie of the Indian theater. Perhaps the first one to portray the sharp reality of corruption in the police force and politics, with no grip and how it impacted on a young police force. A man forced to join a police spokesman's career at his cop's. Agreed that we had grown up to watch very good cop / bad cop Hindi movies, but that's different. Today's generation, which has grown to look dark and realistic films, such as 'Satya', 'Company', can look at inferior product in comparison, but look at the time of its creation. The movie was absolutely cloptonus at the time when people didn't pay much attention to such a cinema, but it became a sought-after cop movie in class and mass audience when released. For Om Puri, his first breakthrough in the mainstream Hindi cinema was his class performance as Velankar's inspector. Its more than police letter, he has internalized a lot of things that are originally in acting. Look at his scenes with his father he hates and Smita, whom he loves. Smita Patil kept the dignity of her character to the expected level. My God, what natural expressions did she wear !!! Shafi Inamdar was truly a discovery for me and he is a brilliant character actor if he has a chance. In some of the scenes he even overturned Om. The film is also a debut of a promising villain on Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as 'Rama Shetty'. It is another story that he does not get such a greasy role and is almost forgotten as one of the harsh villains of Dharmendra's B action movies. Watch the scene where For the first time becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri) and the next two share wine. How inner truth begins for both characters begins with confronting feelings of love and hatred for each other. Two faces of the Indian Police Force-Masculinity and Impotence and between the lie-half truth (ardh satya)? Kudos to Nihalani's touch. The film won 2 National Awards as Best Hindi Feature Film & Best Actor-To-Puri & 3 Filmfare Awards in Best Movie, Best Director & Best Supporting Actress Categories. <br /> <br /> Recommended for anyone interested in nostalgia of serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings 8/10
