Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is a very compelling film for what it tries to portray in its uber-conventional empire. This is a yakuza / triad picture, which includes police to Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but already in his first technical 'debut', Takashi Miike has already put many aspects on films that he would make in from here. Social issues such as the trading of precious goods in the black market, in this case human organs usually of children; nostalgia for childhood and one's roots, which occur especially in Dead of Alive 2; thumb-of-the-nose at taboos such as gay sex and (satirical) rape / violence against women; bloodshedding violence. It's certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's most recent films, but it is expected to try out things he just started learning, following a straight-to-video program record. It has all those features, and it's also like the movies that will follow, equally cruel and cordial, crazy (in patches) and sardonics in its drama, and solid for genre fans. <br /> <br /> The story relates to two brothers, one of the Chinese orphans in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, fairly decent as an anti-hero / hero of Eastwood esquire), what became a detective, and someone who became a gunman, or a -and one. The arguably probable takeover gang comes from Wang (a definite pun on what the gang represents in his spare time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who even when a command is repeatedly repeated to a woman who has only applied her eye after an acidic agreement, who is the relentless species that appears almost organically in a Miike movie. There is a lot of intrigue that includes the organ trade scheme with the gang members, which Kiriya is almost a victim of, and the gang's love for gay sex - at least with one small puppet that sorts what does everything the main gangsters want. All this leads to revenge and redemption, attributes that Miike and his writer of Shakespeare are trying to pursue (hence the Macbeth bit with Wang who had left his bloody, over and over after some gay sex said "it doesn't go down" ). <br /> <br /> If it doesn't produce the same emotional level of impact that a great Shakespeare game would have, it's par for the passing of a movie like this. Miike's goals are met, but has just met in his low-scale ambitions: a gangster picture with some added levels of harsh family problems (the main tension between the brothers comes from profession and duty to parents), notes on the cruel aspects of underworld crime, and psychologically depicting the field of intrepid sex, with both sexes. At the same time, Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of classic bite black comedy from the Miike oeuvre. Some of it should only be taken with a salt grain for what the director does in his disgrace, such as the little bit at the beginning with the chair over the face or the randomness of the "interrogation" area. There is even a laugh-out loud line from the young sex slave after completing an act on one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough here to make the film a full dark comedy like Ichi or of course Visitor Q, but there is plenty to bring the appropriate lifetime to the darker aspects of the story and characters. /> <br /> As the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it was mentioned, I was quite impressed, and it is a fine quasi-calling map of one of the craziest new artists in contemporary theater.
