I'm not quite sure Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the horror genre, as he previously only directed one horror movie called "Wrong Turn" and that one was just slightly above mediocre, but the fact is that He made the right to die is one of the best and most beautiful episodes of the entire second season of the franchise "Masters of Horror". There was a similar story in the season one, when William Malone made some of the best episodes with The Fair Haired Child, although his other films, "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill", were very bad. <br /> The story of Right to It cleverly maintains the contemporary social debate on euthanasia, but thankfully, there are also many old-fashioned horror themes such as haunting revenge, murderous conspiracies, pitch-black humor and comic book stylized violence. While driving home one night and discussing the man's ongoing adultery, the Addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff walks away from the wreckage, but his wife Abby is fully burned and must be kept alive artificially. While Cliff and his messy attorney (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to put the plug on her and sue the motor construction, Abbey's mother is launching a huge media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and everything on Cliff to blame. Meanwhile, Abbey's hateful spirit comes back for revenge and kills someone in Cliff's environment when she has a deadly medical device experience. After a few victims, Cliff realizes that it can be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to live as well. "Right to Die" is a wonderful episode and exactly the kind of things I always hoped to see from a TV series concept like "Masters of Horror". It's violent and stingy with a sick and twisted sense of humor and numerous sleaze sequences. The euthanasia theme and the entire compulsory media circus that surrounds it are very well processed in writing, but without unduly returning to political views or morality lessons. The atmosphere is exciting and the murder sequence is quite nasty and disturbing. The actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both have beautiful faces and impressive claws. It's always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen is finally given the opportunity to portray a moderate and self-centered bastard. Great "MoH" episode; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
