Stargate SG-1 follows and expands on the Egyptian mythologies presented in Stargate. In the Stargate universe people are addicted to the Goa'uld and transport to habitable planets such as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, the Goa'uld harvested humanity, heavily influenced and spread human cultures. As a result, Earth cultures such as the Aztecs, Mayas, British, Norwegian, Mongols, Greeks and Romans are found by the well-known habitable planets of the galaxy. Many well-known mythical sites such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis have been found, or exist at once. <br /> <br /> Currently, the Earth Stargate (found at a digging site near Giza in 1928) housed a top secret US military base known as the Stargate Command under the Cheyenne Mountain. COL. Jack O'Neill (Anderson), dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Capt. Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) put together the original SG-1 team. in later seasons). Along with 24 other SG teams, they watch far-reaching planets exploring the galaxy and seeking defense of the Goa'uld, in the form of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races. <br /> <br /> The parasitic Goa'uld uses advanced technology to cast themselves as Egyptian gods and is bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the primary antagonists. They are a breed of highly intelligent, relentless, serpentine, alien parasites capable of invading and controlling the bodies of other species, including humans. The original arch-enemy of this race was the Lord Apophis (Peter Williams) System. Other System Lord, like Baal and Anubis, play key roles in the later seasons. In the ninth season, a new villain, the Ori, appears. The Ori is advanced creatures with insatiable technology from another galaxy, also bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Ori accompanies a departure from the primary focus on Egyptian mythology in exploring the Arthurian myths surrounding the Ori, their followers, and their enemies.
