A man and his wife are in a terrible car accident. When the woman is left in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose to pull the plug and make her live. The decision is even made harder when he realizes her ghost wants to withdraw him and his upset revenge. <br /> <br /> It comes from director Rob Schmidt, who made "Wrong Turn" (a movie I didn't see). With just one horror movie under his band, and not a particularly notorious one, I was a little hesitant to see this episode, and expecting Schmidt to be in the most liberal sense in a "Master of Horror". My excuse to him for my underestimation. As of episode 10 in a 13 episode season, it was actually the best one. <br /> <br /> The issue of the right to die is treated and dealt with in enough detail to be a solid plot device. However, this is only the basis on which the story revolves. Once the horror elements appear, the movie goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great play, great plot, great dialogue, great tension. I was sometimes a bit crawled (which is good) and above all: the gore is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode before I watched it, where the reviewer said there was a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in it. Through the first part of the show I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there is a little later some images remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I don't want to say that it is taking away from the movie. I can't see any other way to create the effect that was created, and I think it looks much better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plots appear later, and may be inviting the viewer to give the movie a second look. I didn't watch it a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not that it's confusing). The subplot with the dental hygienist is also nice, and I found myself back and forth about whether or not I had the main character for his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. He's a bit of an anti-hero for the whole story, if you like. While the Stuart Gordon episode might be better and I'm excited about the Washingtonians episode, I think I can safely bet it's the most important episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what was otherwise slim and routine. When legends such as John Carpenter drop me, I worry again about the future of the genre, but then a new face like Rob Schmidt comes along and gives me hope. This one is a custodian, and please bring back Schmidt for season 3!
