Masters of Horror: Right to die, start one evening as a married couple. Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home, but as they speak, Cliff is diverted and collapsed into a tree that has fallen over the road. Cliff's airbag works OK and he walks away with minor injuries. Unfortunately, Abby didn't do her and she ended up as a toast when she was thrown out of the car and thrown into petrol that burned her whole body. Abby's life has just been saved. She was taken to hospital where she was seriously injured on life support and terrified of the burns. Cliff decides she will die, his egoistic lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should die Abby, the car manufacturer sues and gets rich while Abby's mom Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. However, Abby has other plans of her own. <br /> <br /> This American Canadian co-production was by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror movie was Wrong Turn (2003), which qualifies on its own, hardly qualifies him to be a master of horror episode) and was episode 9 of season 2 of the masters of horror tv series, while i didn't think right to die was the best masters of horror episode i saw i thought it was a decent enough effort all the same and not yet close to be as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). John Esposito's writing has a neat central idea that is nothing new, but it uses it effectively enough, although I say it's a little uneven. The first 15 minutes focus on the horror element of the story, but then it goes into a silence for 20 strange minutes, as it becomes a drama as the legal wrangling about Abby's life and the matter Cliff has the middle stage before it On the right track, it is a wonderfully crazy and twisted climax that may not be for the dull of the heart. The character is a little clichéd, the weak man, the curved lawyer, the protective mum and the young tart who has sex to get what she wants, but they all serve their purpose well enough, the dialogue is OK, the story moves next to a good fit and overall I had the right to die, apart from a few minutes here and there where it lost, it was a bit focused and I was not so keen on the ambiguous end. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt does a good job and there are some effective scenes, it tries to alternate between low key spooky atmosphere and out-and-out blood and gore. There are some fantastic special makeup effects as usual, there are shots of Abby where she burned all the skin, burned her body and the image of her bandaged head with her teeth showing because she has no lips is fairly coarse & makeup effects reminiscent of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and it's successors), then there is the main route at the end where Cliff literally pours someone with close-ups scalpels cut open the skin and peel him off the muscles and put it in a refrigerator! Very messy. There are also several different body parts. There are also some nudity with at least some pretty ladies who are naked. <br /> <br /> Technically right to die is excellent, the special effects are brilliant and like most masters of horror episodes it doesn't look like a cheap made-for-TV show that is basically the truth said it is. The acting was good, but there are no big names in this one. <br /> <br /> Right to die is another pleasant and somewhat twisted Masters or Horror episode that most horror fans definitely have to watch whether it's just for the fantastic spot scene! Well worth a watch ... for those with the stomach.
