It's amazing that a good, but not amazing, movie made in the early nineties can grow a whole franchise. "Stargate; SG1 'is undoubtedly a worthy addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to follow shoulder-to-shoulder with Star Trek as the kings of sci-fi. <br /> <br /> Following the 1994 movie "Stargate", this series sees Stargate command (a military / scientific organization) depicting that the stargate system can be used to navigate to various planets across the galaxy and travel further and the army explores a number of teams. SG1 is one such team, led by military veteran colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes archaeologist Doctor Daniel Jackson, military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and alien Teal'c, who betrayed his government leaders in the hope of someday his people to free. The earth quickly became an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that used people as hosts and seemed to be gods. <br /> <br /> The top-notch cast has much to congratulate on offering this show. life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as the cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can move from a boy to a deadly eye. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings the heart and the will of steel to the character, which has grown from wide-eyed to darker and more bitter as the performance progresses. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, portrayed the balance of her character's femininity without the fact that she is a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as well-rounded Teal'c, depicting the character's emotions with subtlety. And Don S Davis is perfect as the esteemed General Hammond who leads with a good balance of fairness and firmness. Almost all episodes are related to and portraying intelligence, which reflects moral dilemmas, as well as the friction between military interests and civil convictions (often through arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). Guest characters are portrayed firmly and story bows are handled in a way that viewers do not carry. SG1 also performs in humor, from O'Neill's wisecracks to episodes that are just funny and strange! SG1 has everything from action to drama to novels to save the heartbreaking scenes of death. Not only is it an excellent sci-fi show, but it's a great show.
