RUMORS is an unforgettable entry into the wartime teaching characters starring "Private Snafu." The films were aimed at servicemen and were directed, animated and played by some of the top talent of Warner Bros. 'Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones, and Carl Stalling. The valuable Mel Blanc provided the voice for Snafu, and the stories and rumor story for many of the films was provided by Theodor Geisel, ie dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vibrant images, using the character of Snafu as a perfect negative example: he was the baptism, the little thief who would do everything you shouldn't suppose. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by the Pentagon officials, but Army buyers also allowed the animators an unusual amount of freedom of language and foolish jokes. It would definitely be more than the stage ensemble of the time, all for the bigger stuff, of course. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this cartoon is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors. The area is an army camp. Private Snafu is sitting next to another soldier in the latrine (something you don't see in any other Hollywood movie of the era) and their accidental conversation begins to roll the ball. We see if an expectant comment about a bombing is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, then it turns into an increasingly frightening rumor that erases the camp. The imagery is indeed vivid: the brain of one anxious soldier is portrayed as a rotting pot, while the spoken speech of another is rendered as steaming hot air, that is, "balloon juice". A soldier "shoots his mouth," cannon style, and before you know, the actual baloney is on fire in every direction. Winged baloney, about it. Panic soldiers tell each other that the Brooklyn Bridge has been polished, Coney Island wiped out, enemy troops landed on the White House lawn, and the Japanese are in California. The footage is becoming more and more surreal and nightmares until the camp is finally quarantined in the case of "Rumor-itis". And private Snafu is locked in a stuffed cell. <br /> <br /> It is a highly effective piece of work. The filmmakers dramatize their theme with white and exciting energy, and the message is still a valid one. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can spread all kinds of wild rumors that spread faster due to communication progress. Because the technology has improved, the Private Snafus of our time can broadcast their own balloon juice via email, cell phones and blogs. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a war-educational film whose essential message does not feel dated; In fact, it may be more timely than ever.
