Tim Krabbe is the acclaimed author of 'Die Gouden Ei', a novel that has been screened twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the most recent works by the Dutch author is 'De Grot', a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who meet at a youth camp and become surprisingly enough friends for life. Egon is a quiet, somewhat dull man, who spends his time writing and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic 'party animal', a heavy drinking criminal whose daily concern is getting a woman in his bedroom. From the moment they met, Axel had a strong influence on Egon, while the latter envied him for having a good life without really doing anything (like reading thick books like Egon); Eventually, Egon is even dragged into illegal practices by Egon, leading to deadly drug transportation in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers from the complex structure. While Krabbe represents the story as an absorbing portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes more of a puzzle: the many episodes are not presented chronologically, so that two consecutive screens rarely occur in the same episode. As a result, the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know a character's background to really care for him or her. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a bit stereotypical. Egon IS 'the' dull intellectual, while Axel is his exact opposite. In real life, such one-dimensional rarely rarely exist; In books and movies it always seems to be there, and they take a lot of credibility away. <br /> <br /> Despite this, the film was a pleasant surprise, much better than the book. Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can let you forget that he is acting (which I think is the highest that an actor can achieve). However, the drawbacks of the film are the same as the book's: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, it is so predictable that it becomes irritating. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. Obviously, this talented director (that's what makes the movie clear anyway) is hampered by a flawed script. Maybe Koolhoven should have just picked a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
