If a movie looks great with the actors acting, it's probably the one. I have never seen dialogues spoken in such a rough way, but with a strong feeling. The film was disturbing at one moment. However, the movie was terrible at editing. The movie tries to go the commercial way by adding comedy and songs, but they don't feel out of place. As Karisma is beaten, at the same time, SRK (comics) fights with police officers. The Ishq Kamina song was out of place. In addition, the movie is excessively shiny at first. The direction was not bad, but definitely nothing to shout about. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the actors have been selected very wisely. Without them, this movie won't have an impact. Karisma Kapoor has given her best role so far, and it looks very good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks pretty in the first half, and I've never seen an actress scream of emotion and anger, as well as her. What is most ironic is probably her worst written role so far. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. Not much to say about him, except it is a role for him. Deepti Naval as the mother-in-law was excellent, especially in her final scene. Although she didn't have much to say, her facial expressions and body language were good. The other good thing was the little child. He was wealthy and was sure to bring tears to the viewer's eyes. The movie was probably desperately saved by their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was good, but he didn't have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his bad boy-type role. <br /> <br /> One thing the audience brought to the theater was Ishq Kamina. The song in the picture and dance is perfect for the rough songs of the song. And son Aish is crazy, warm. However, the song was just in a different movie because it came at the worst moment. People can come to Aish, but they won't boast too much about it. Hum Tum Miley was fit, but seemed to have left the film all the time. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing to worry about. Dil Ne Pukara is sowing a song to get the movie's mood. Despite the poor editing, the performances alone make it a must see.
