A strong woman-oriented subject, director Krishna Vamsi's Shakti-The Power, the Hollywood hit Desi version, Not Without My Daughter, is the first home production of the actress Sridevi. A story about the woman's fight against injustice. <br /> <br /> The story of the movie revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) who lives in Canada with her two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and they marry quickly. Their family is complete if Nandini has a son, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived, as the news of Shekhar's sick mother (Deepti Naval) leaves them their perfect life in Canada and comes to India. And that's when the problems begin. From the moment they enter <br /> <br />, India is both shocked to see the pollution and the huge crowd everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach Shekhar's town and when they finally reach the station, they need a long bus ride to his town. The dirty sweaty bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it an endless ride. And unfortunately for them, an angry crowd that Shekhar got out of shape, without his attacks attacking his buses. Fortunately, they are shot dead just in time before they can further harm him. Then they drive to the handed Havel where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar), lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law was in control as soon as she entered the place, but her only comfort was her mother-in-law's warm welcome. <br /> <br /> There live Nandini's father-in-law tyrannical behavior and realize that relentless murder is a way of life for him. The day she saw her father-in-law, her son taught to throw a bomb, she lost it and tore him and begged Shekhar to return to Canada. But terror once again hit Shekhar one day, and let Nandini be broken alone with her son in this strange land where she was harassed by a cruel father-in-law. Her fight against this man to save her son is what constitutes the climax of this emotional heartbreaking movie. <br /> <br /> What separates Shakti from most movies made late is also the rural environment of the movie. The only downside is Ismail Darbar's music, which does not rise above the font. The only saving grace is the sexy item number Ishq Kameena, compiled by Anu Malik. Another hit for the director is because he has created some beautiful performances from his role. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and has given a moving performance as a helpless mother. She is sure to win awards for this hot depiction. Secondly, actor Nana Patekar is back with a bang with this movie. His uncivilized ways matched him and he showed his versatility again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprise package of the film with a sincere and effective portrayal that rises against both the other actors. Deepti Naval is also in top form and her Pr-climax performance with Nana is commendable. Shahrukh's cameo offers the lighter moments and sure he's pulled in to get the required star value. Although his role was not really necessary, he did well. Overall, Shakti is a much better movie than most churned out these days and the Pr-release hype is sure to get it a good opening. Shakti is sure to get the critics and audience kicks. So if the film desperately needs to cut at least 2 roles to improve the impact. Shakti still has the power to continue without a hook!
