The beauty of this film is demonstrated in the great depiction of the power of a mother's love, the exceptional performances, the steady performance and the fairly innovative writing. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and a small child Raja. Suddenly her husband told her that his family in India (whom she didn't even know) was in trouble and rushed to India. When they arrive in town, Nanadini is shocked and shocked to experience a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, ruled by his cruel, highly cynical and merciless father, Narasimha, lives a poor and highly violent lifestyle full of murder and terror and where women are submissive and helpless. Nandini is starting Shekhar to go home, but he is soon killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let Raja return to India. Here begins the intense battle called "Nandini vs Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India does not offer a particularly positive light in this film, but it shows only a very small minority of its rural areas, so it may even be correct. In my opinion, the portrayal is fair and not one-sided because the positive side is also offered to some extent. Such a terrible face can be shown in a film about any country in the world. The sites are wonderful, the music is great, and Krishna Vamshi's direction is supported by very effective cinematography and good editing. One thing to note is the very pleasant background score by Ismail Darbar, it is beautiful. The characters are very well defined, but we both get their bright and dark sides in different parts of the movie. The whole movie is good and is an interesting and fairly entertaining watch. His dialogues are wonderfully and intelligently written, and although the shocking events on some points can be very disturbing, a few positive moments can ease the tension. <br /> <br /> The movie's greatest strength is the performances. Karisma Kapoor is amazing and very credible as Nandini. Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unobstructed emotion is simply incredible. She shows so much intensity, impulsivity, anxiety and determination as the mother who wants her son to return that this little child is her own son. Her outbursts, while Nana Patekar is being challenged as volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest women can become a tierress when it comes to her child. After Fiza, it's her most powerful show. Nana Patekar, one of the greatest actors of Indian theater, has indescribable as Narasimha. He is hilarious as Narasimha still admires as the actor who plays him. Patekar shows cruelty, wittiness and even humanity with total conviction. He is outstanding. Another big show comes uncomfortably from India's most underrated actress, Deepti Naval, which sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just adequate and Shahrukh Khan offers great comic relief. Anyway, see Shakti - it could have been better, but it's definitely a must-see.
