To see this movie was the most fun I had ever had at the theater. However, I can't tell if it's a good or a bad movie, because such simple qualifications simply can't be applied. This photo has everything any movie can ever have. It features a romantic comedy, a political commentary, a thriller, a drama, an action movie, a musical and an absurd self-confident art film. The basic premise is about an Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), who live happily in Canada, rushing to India to travel to India. visit the man's parents after a disturbing news release. The rest of the story takes place in India, where the couple find themselves in the midst of a plot of violent violence. At one stage, the story of "Not without my baby," but to name Shakti, a remake of anything will be an injustice. <br /> <br /> The apparent story line takes a backdrop to a number of astonishing interruptions, including Shah Rukh Khan's dream of Aishwarya Rai, coming from another movie. In fact, the two stars are on all the posters, but they really look late in the movie, and only Shah Rukh is a true character. Yet he does this with a lively and truly unexpected performance. <br /> <br /> Karishma Kapoor is the one with the most work to do in this movie, and she does a wonderful job turning the film around and turning with a display of credible emotion. Another notable presence is Nana Patekar, who plays the man Shekhar's tyrannical father Narsimha. Nana Patekar dominates every scene in which he is in a scary but nuanced character. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without its part of realism. Violence is upset, but really disturbing in the abuse that most of the female characters receive, while Karishma is beaten on a number of occasions. Sometimes this violence is quite disturbing, but eventually it becomes surrealistic, as every dramatic sequence is usually followed by such a comical and spectacular turn that the overall effect is nothing but cathedrals. <br /> <br /> I've seen part of Bollywood. releases, and the mixing of genres and incredible plot decisions is definitely their norm. But "Shakti" raises the bar by absorbing an even bigger masala without becoming ridiculous. It is a film that reaches the sheer scale of a Shakespearian tragedy, where the audience of the rabble and royals is just as entertained. It's a pure, free cinema, and director Krishna Vamsi has had a good dream by throwing in every trick in the book. Perhaps the everyday message of violence that caused violence and the inspirational scope of maternal love was not the thoughts in my mind, but I got excited from "Shakti". Making movies can be the most fun in the world!
