On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. A round off and sequel to the 1994 movie "Stargate" with Kurt Russell and James Spader. The series starts about one year after the events in the film are portrayed. For ten seasons, it crowned the adventures and misadventures of an intrepid team of explorers known as SG-1. Originally, the series Richard Dean Anderson as colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s!), Michael Shanks, as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and starring Don S. Davis. General George S. Hammond. For ten long years, we watched the battle against the Goa'uld, the Replicators, the Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time they forged alliances with the Asgard, the Tok'ra, the rebels Jaffa, the Nox and the Tollan. They saved the world no less than eight times and never stopped, not until death claimed. And sometimes not even. <br /> <br /> As with all long-range ranges, they were numerous cast changes. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to broaden his horizon as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as the team's resident archaeologist / geek was Jonas Quinn, a stranger from a country called Kelowna on planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left. Unfortunately, he only made one more guest appearance and his character is rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 because he felt it was time to go. The show's original star, and probably his most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, has been in the series for the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eight seasons was noticeably less than in previous seasons. He eventually left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and the truth is that I have never enjoyed so much in the past two seasons as I did the previous episodes. The ninth season represents a new era for the program. With the departure of his main actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and the Replicators in the season eight, many fans have felt the series should be on a high note. Nevertheless, the series lasted for another two years with the Ori replacing the Goa'uld as the series' main opponents. Three new characters were introduced to fill in the gaps as they were and help guide this rediscovery. Ben Browder came in as the flying southern air force pilot Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. His colleague, Farscape, the beautiful Claudia Black, has played a prominent role in the series as the lively, sexy, hilarious and certainly elaborate Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld host and artist of another planet. In the eighth and ninth seasons she was a recurring guest star at the start of his tenth and final season. The cast of the cast was the legendary Beau Bridges as general general Hank Landry, the new commander of the SGC and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. For the past two years, they have played with the believers "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and become a valuable part of them and made the same valuable contributions to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> Alas, all good things must end. During the initial broadcast of the first several episodes of the season ten, ratings dropped significantly, leading to cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally over. On March 13, 2007, what started with "Children of the Gods" ended with "Unending". The series final made its world prize on Sky One in Britain and Ireland before appearing on the Sci-Fi channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the decade in which the series aired, it gathered legions of fans and even obscured the science fiction series, "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries. It has become the second longest series of scientific series in the world, the second only for Doctor Doctor (1963-1989) and the longest running American-made sci-fi series has the X-Files just a few months before the end. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" represents the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a variety series called "Stargate Atlantis", which unfortunately was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film have fallen, two direct-to-DVD movies, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", were released in 2008 and more are planned for the not-too-distant future. A third live action series, "Stargate Universe", is also due to premiere at some point next year. (Unfortunately there was an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which ran only from 2002 to 2003, but the less it said the better). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a continuing series, the future of "Stargate" looks very bright. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" has not yet achieved the same degree from popular recognition as other major scientific television franchises such as Star Trek and Doctor Doctor, it is still relatively new to the two Scientific giants and I have every confidence that for many, many years to come.
