Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child and then visits his family in India alone to find out they are terrorist warlords. Drama and tragedy ensues, and the movie becomes a kind of NOT WITHOUT MY BABY-styled thriller. Movie is compelling, its few songs and dance numbers are uninteresting and unnecessary. The gift of the Bollywood song and dance is really out of character for the intensity of this movie's drama. At least once we left the comforting restrictions of their Canadian love. ?? although one number that includes a cameo by the beautiful Aishwarya Rai is pleasantly challenging if it is eventually misplaced. Likewise, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a happy brave brave who helps Kapoor in her escape from the warrior's head, which has become a very serious drama in a stupid farus and it just comes back to his feet when its character ?? And his fantasies about Rai who generated her come dance? is completed. His throw-away comic-book dialogue and the filth of his struggle detract from the film's primary grab drama. The film is well supported by Nana Patekar as the warrior and the elegant Deepti Naval who is outstanding as his long-suffering wife who eventually decides to stand up in one of the best screens of the film. Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay's sisters in India, and very pleasant cakes. But Sanjay himself despises many, especially during obvious ad libs. The director style of author / director Krishna Wamsi is sloppy, predominant with rough transitions and abrupt cuts, though his camera movement is good. The musical underline is also very effective, noisy, with a wordless female voice over a small orchestra ensemble (too badly any of it made it on SHAKTI's soundtrack CD, but Bollywood doesn't yet have the value of the score recorded along with songs on their soundtrack albums, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, all the way, and the intensity of her performance as soon as the film changes to India, contrasts nicely with the soft romance she was involved with in the initial Canadian scene with Sanjay. Despite the inequality of many of the photos, Karisma's display sells the film completely and strengthens its otherwise conflicting measures. In a strange way I also saw the story as another example of the transfer of royalty that I saw in CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE. Both have I seen before, although SHAKTI obviously is a completely different kind of film; but the focus on a dysfunctional royal family? live in the austerity of terrorist-controlled poverty in India rather than the elegance of Versailles or the massive megalomania of the Feudal China's Tang dynasty? whose self-restraint of power causes destruction on many others and forces a rebellion of some sort, gives the film a significant sub-text.
