When a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe that he has seized the controls in a suicide (although self-styling runs in the family), but his three beautiful daughters couldn't care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), will work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who immediately forces him to help her disturbing control of her troubled sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family lawyer (Jess Barker). . Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna if he does not surrender the advances of another sister, the novelty Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into a tail spin when Norton falls for his prey. All commitments are like a world of woe, including corporate chic, seduction, suicide, extortion, murder, the Mann law, double cross, disinfection and poetic justice. Craig Manor, a spectacular ocean-view cottage ... <br /> <br /> This pre-set pot boiler would have made a perfect second feature for WRITTEN ON THE WIND, also from 1956. Douglas Sirk's saga of a powerful (and powerful, dysfunctional) oil spill has said inspired the 1980s night-time television series DALLAS, but Craig's low-brown outing in madness seems right from the sinful sister, DYNASTY. All three brothers and sisters (only one of them is really bad) are wonderful beauty, but it is Kathleen Hughes' cartoon abuse that stands out. Valerie is relentless in her quest for the family's fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the film's very guilty pleasure. Teen sister Vicki is also quite a piece of work, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in the GREAT SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, she pulls the peer to sit on Norton's lap while still standing by pulling on the line: "I graduated from Embrace-able U graduated." Whew! <br /> <br /> THREE BATH SISTERS, manufactured by Schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a massive refuse dump in exploitation surplus and the movie is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50-year-old John "Revenge of Creation" Bromfield (once married to French sex pot Corinne Calvet), Universal star Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Mr Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "It comes from outer space" Hughes, and former silence fencer Madge Kennedy gives everything they have - anyway, much or little. Future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse) is briefly seen as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her body English) made wonderful movies! THREE BATH SISTERS were recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir festival, but the jury still makes soap bars ... gone, it's noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
