Here is another movie to be loaded into a satellite, shot into space and pointed towards the Andromeda galaxy to show the best possible civilizations the best of mankind. This movie is so stupid and revealingly honest to be no more than a rip-off of the already bad film-classic KING KONG of 1976 that not only succeeds in raising that movie, but it has been very successfully predicted . of Peter Jackson's unlucky 2005 computer story that has the same name, as far as "a romance" is between the giant (here a Yeti) and a beautiful human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi of Umberto Lenzi's CITY OF LIVING DEAD, very easy on the eyes). <br /> <br /> The movie was made for kids, apart from a few innuendo about fish bones and a bizarre nipple tweak to say goodbye, you can forget about sex - the Yeti even has some kind of giant jock -band to cover its monstrous package, the result is even more amusing than anatomical correctness. But as a trade-off, you get a funny old scientist, two inquisitive kids, Tony Kendall in a rare turn as a double crook of a villain, a useful intelligent collie dog who has her own adventure (Dog Adventure movies was great in Europe for a while) and of course appeared as the hero at the end for the salvation of the Yeti, which seems to be the good guy, glorious things like front end loaders to look like giant monkey hands, a monster whose size literally changes scale from shot to shot, compares some improper deaths that the carnage in GODZILLA USA THE SMOG SAMPLE will look like, crowd reaction shots a-lot consisting of Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras depending on the scene ( you can sort of tell where they shot of the extras dressed), and some of the most enthusiastic, but unclear special effects ever work in a giant monkey movie. <br /> <br /> This is where the movie conquered me: enthusiasm just to be the mother. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world SARTANA in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the year before and was a very important director in the Spaghetti Western and action / adventure genre movie scene from the 1960s / 1970s and at the time of YETI He was probably glad to get the job done. I would say it is his most adventurous movie ever, or rather the one he had the most chances, and may have felt more comfortable taking the chances with the movie aimed at children and families. The film has a kind of reckless surrender to the way it is made, making the technical mistakes or contradictions completely meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the movie is played seriously, it would not work. WHAT IS FIRST TIME WHY PETER JACKSON'S MOVIE SUCKED. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and dictate it by using his army of stupid Power Macintosh pod people animators, and with all his mistakes + clunkiness, Kramer's YETI is actually closer to the spirit of why we see movies like this, which partly fit the actors into monkeys, break down miniature sets at healthy stages, not seamless animated hours of nothing but hard drive space. I will arrange it here with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! COURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most enjoyable unlikely giant monster films ever. Because the movie looks so "fake", you can come across the story, and just to have fun, things are destroyed, trampled, swayed and beaten. Knowing and armed with a fertile and energetic enthusiasm for the opportunity to make the movie, Parolini has taken everything right and delivered a full-fledged adventure that can get a little rough for some of the little ones. but is the first movie I will ever share with grandchildren someday when their stupid parents leave with me for a weekend. These are things for centuries and one of the most important expressions of mankind has ever been linked to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, you just come around once and I'd rather go with a smile on my face.
