I saw it when it first came in the video, my little sister got it as a gift and I was probably 12 at the time. What stood out for me was the lack of middle-film conflict that has so many movies, where the main characters get angry at each other because when it comes time to explain themselves, they just don't say the one thing you're on the screen shouting, which would make sense of the whole matter that any person of reasonable intellect would know to say. That's what I like most of the movie, I think, that the main characters don't mean halfway through each other ... they don't break up and make, they grow just like each other like The movie goes on. <br /> <br /> These two kids are up and running and although it seems to be the opposite side of the track, it's not that different. Loui is just a middle-class child who needs to realize how happy he is to have a loving family and Cecelia was a top-class kid who just had to prove to her family that she existed and they would miss if she was gone. Anyway, I put this movie on Hulu and had to watch it again ... sure there are plots if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb shouldn't eat hot dogs as they would indeed be aphids. </ br /> <br /> Now, what detracts from the movie is its unexpected scarcity. Small children under the age of 5 will probably be afraid of the scenes with dr. Screweyes. And adding him halfway through the movie (although blatantly obvious in the first scene he'll make) is too sudden. There must be a glimpse of him to do his performance earlier in the movie, perhaps to show that it is not as scary without the dinosaurs. I think it lacks only a real current danger for the entire first half of the movie, so it doesn't have a little continuity when it comes out for the second half. <br /> <br /> Considering the target audience, who I am sure can overlook the non-minded animation and dialogue issues ... I think I will also succeed on the factors, and just enjoy of the story. This is a good movie for the child and it keeps in mind ... make you think about how you treat people and it should be repeated every 10 years what I think.
