Wow, many reviews for the Devils Experiment are here. Great. My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films. We have just started the release of Guinea films on DVD for North America. Now before you ask why do I write a review? Rather ask why some people bash it. I write this review because I like the Guinea movies. Why am I fond of em, it's because they go for the throat and don't let go. I saw it all. Almost every horror movie known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. of every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blocker. I saw it all, and the movies that had stuck in my head over the years were definitely the Guinea movies. Why not try to hide the reason why we see horror movies in the first place. This review is for the Devils Experiment. I find it without a good story. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and gore and see people's torture. The Devils experiment doesn't just deliver, but that's all it is. Pure unrestricted violence. Yes, I like a story, but sometimes I just want the gore and the Devils Experiment produces ten folds. Why do people bash it? Because they love a story, so that the torture and death of a man hiding behind a story. It makes em feel better about themselves. We all want blood and gore. It's just really hard to justify it if it's not wrapped around a story. The Guinea movies have a historical significance for them and they created a definite splash when they were released. <br /> <br /> I'm excited to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. . Maybe I shouldn't have written this review, but maybe I should. My view is biased because they release them, but then it is not. I've always told people to find them and watch them before I start Onnoothed Movies. Certainly it's exploitation and over the top, but that's not why we see horror movies in the 1st place. The Devils Experiment is NOT for everyone. It's just for excitement seekers and gorehounds. If you think Jason movies and Freddy Krueger movies are fantastic, keep it with them. But if you are on the next level and have seen it all, then the devil's experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and coached, freaky and not something to look with your mom unless she is completely cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
