I am a big fan of movies where people get hurt, and House of Games is almost the culmination of the 'movie where people get fucked' genre. In short, it's an exceptional thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat by providing interesting characters with many levels and never really revealing what's happening, while packing lots of twists and surprises to completely upset what you've just seen . The film denies the audience on many occasions, and despite us it knows; It's still hard to guess where it's going, and every turn comes as a surprise. As mentioned, I am a huge fan of disadvantages in movies and the plot of this one follows a female psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt that is paid to a fellow player. She then goes to the gambler in an attempt to help her patient, and on the way is drawn in the art of reading people to pull out a little. <br /> <br /> House of Spele breathes a bad atmosphere throughout, and David Mamet does well in establishing his movie in the underground levels of the city. The film is also well-acted, with all those involved with the greatest skill the life and credibility of their characters. Joe Mantegna starred as the concert at the heart of the film, and while his performance is a bit underhanded, he is always solid and credible as the villain of the piece. Lindsay Crouse stars next to him as the psychiatrist who is seduced by his work and is again credible in her role. She may not be the greatest viewer, but at least she can act. However, the way the movie performs its plot is the main star of the show, and you will no doubt be amazed at how the movie constantly amazes and deceives the viewer. Sometimes it's almost like we are in the thick of the action and are being knocked down by the girls in the movie. Another thing that is good about this movie is the way it shows the audience how to draw certain disadvantages, which is useful if you are interested in making twenty bucks. All in all, House of Games is a true first-class excitement.
