David Mamet wrote the script and made his legal counsel with `` House of Games' '', a character study with psychological overtones, in which a psychiatrist in the dark world of the trust game attracts. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful exercise and wrote a best-selling novel, "Driven". Yet she is somewhat dissatisfied with her own personal life; there is a emptiness that she cannot define or solve, and it stimulates her vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein) trusts in a session that he gives big money to some players and that he will kill him if he doesn't pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf. It takes her to the "House of Games", a sneaky little dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic man who doesn't waste time before she has given her in his world. Instead of the twenty-five great Billy claims he owes, Mike shows her his book, and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to clear the slate if she agrees to do one simple favor, which is a backroom card game. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; While away, her job is to look for the "tell" of one of the other players. By now, not only Margaret, but also the audience is addicted. The dialogue, and Mamet's unique style and the exact cadence with which his actors deliver their lines, is fascinating. As Mike Margaret leads through his compelling, surrealistic world of existence and introduces her to the intricacies of the game, we are being thrown with her. From the first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what a 'tell' is and how it works, after the lessons of the 'short' to the beautiful climax of this movie, Mamet watches with an urgency that is relentless. And nothing is what it seems. In the end, Margaret learns hard lessons about life and human nature and about herself. She changed; And whether it is, is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely sound in this movie; He allows all nuances to a complex character who can willingly lead you in the shade and do it. Crouse is also here in an excellent performance; you feel the rigid, turbulent unrest that is under that calm, confident outside and when her experiences with Mike cause her change, let her feel the depth of it. She lets you believe that she is able to do what she does and let you understand it too. The dynamic supporting film includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (The Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is the actual Mamet; He has since written and directed a number of high-caliber posts and films and will undoubtedly please us more in the future. But this movie will be the one that defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and look it up. You get it under `Perfection. "It's a good movie you don't want to miss. I rate this one 10/10.
