Jim Carrey is back to the same role as he played in The Mask, a rogue man trying to progress in the world, but apparently being plagued with accident. Even when trying to help a homeless man be harassed by a lot of dimples (and of course they must be Mexican), his good will toward his fellow man. In that case, it wasn't too hard to predict that he would have a handful of fierce caps, but I like the movie suggesting that things shouldn't be ignored. I am reminded of the episode of Michael Moore's brilliant The Awful Truth when they laid a man on the pavement pretending to be dead and seeing who would stop and make sure he was good. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in the movie. A good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays part of Bruce Nolan, the good guy mentioned above, whose whole life seems to fall apart. Or even better, it seems to be broken by the blow of accident like an asteroid that enters the atmosphere (a small metaphor that pops up when Bruce miraculously later finds a huge news release in the movie). Bruce is nearly 40 years old and all he has to show is a news reporter of the kind who reports on such an exciting news as the local bakery that wants to bake the world's biggest cookie. He is desperate to get the main anchor at the TV station, but he loses his cool on live TV when he hears the work has gone to his competitive colleague. You must love how they stop the revelation of this news seconds before his first live report. Needless to say, he lost his temper on live TV in one of the funniest scenes of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman delivers a fantastic performance as the Man himself, showing a God whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected by Freeman's massive talent as an actor. He is the kind of God who takes his work very seriously, but in such a way that he advises his followers (as well as the viewers of this movie) that there are times when you need to slow down and do craft work. I like his line that some of the happiest people in the world come to heaven at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (maybe more than our share in America) who are so absorbed by their money and their possessions and their work and everything that touches them completely with the natural side of themselves. <Br /> <br /> One of the greatest strengths is that the film can give good advice to people in general to improve their lives. This message is clear and acceptable, regardless of the viewer's religion. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in all forms and I see that God and Satan are metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than real figures who have ever lived or lived. But in spite of the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity overseeing the universe or as an attorney dressed in white, dressing up the floors of his center office in his spare time, I could appreciate the messages in this movie. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's movies show this amazing evolution that connects them all and lets the new ones look even better just because you can see how far he has come. If you compare Bruce Almightig with movies like Ace Ventura (both of which I loved) or much he did before coming into the movie, it's amazing how far he came. He has moved from a cute TV comedy to a comic comic movie that is really intelligent and meaningful like this movie, as well as others like The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (easily one of his greatest films ever) ). Jim Carrey has undeniably shifted from the cute comedy of his past to becoming one of the most important comic actors working today. <br /> <br /> Once again, Jennifer Aniston adds a great addition to the movie (as she is in the Lace Space Office space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who is increasingly being asked by Bruce's increasing stress on his life and his negligence. to marry. There is definitely a low-brown comedy in the movie that doesn't really match the importance of the movie's meaning or the quality of the delivery, such as the dog reading the toilet on the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was definitely nice to see Ace Ventura's friend Spike, make a cameo look. As Stephen King knows very well, it is always nice to see famous characters. It's almost to see family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce is equipped with the powers of God for a given time, so that he can understand life a little better and he says a lot about himself when he power only for his own purposes rather than to help all those who pray to him. The thing I like about this is that, as I have already said, religion is absent from my life, but I could see it and learn a lot from myself, thinking about what kind of things I would have done if I had been equipped with such powers. The film enables us to learn so much in this way that empowers the message even more. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving the news station are easily the funniest in the whole movie, like the scene when Bruce loses his temper About the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoffa scene (which is comfortably buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records), the scene where Bruce's competitive colleague was made to go nuts on camera and my favorites, those at the start and end of the local bakery's cooking. The movie has a lot of time for Carrey to deliver some great jokes, as he says to God (revealing that he is the caretaker, owner, electrician, etc.) that his Christmas parties should actually be. About drinking, because a ride might have to go home! I also stopped when he said that behind every big man a woman was rolling her eyes. A little too true, and as Gallagher would add to every great man, is also a surprised mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the more memorable comedies that has come out for some time, and is probably the only direct religious I can remember as I am eager to buy on DVD to add to my personal collection . It is a comedy that is written and performed in good taste, but with enough relatively low-brown humor to entertain the children. It is a sensible comedy for the whole family, which nowadays becomes scarcer and scarce. In a world that is about to have another American Pie movie and another Scary Movie (which is just scary because of their mere barbaric idiot), it's nice to see that there are still comedies that make comedies worth watching. Do not miss this one.
