This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone that actually includes interesting ideas and clever stories (I notice that both of them are based on short stories). "Examination Day" is in the future, year unknown, but at a point where they have cake candles that relieve themselves, large TV watch "phones" that divide twice as many other entertaining machines and are only distributed to those of a certain age. . And the Exam Day, a point where 12-year-olds must undergo a government-required IQ test. The child is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just celebrates his own 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so calm, even eager to take the test he saw friends, easily succeeds and knows he will excel of his school grades. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say he didn't have to use his birthday wish to get a good score, and while they reasoned they believed he was competent and he didn't have to worry. Don't be quite clear that they're worried. I'll give nothing in the end, but I'll say it - there's a point where we get a glimpse of what goes so far as to why the test is such a heavy topic: that night (or yet?) His parents asks Dickie if he wants to watch TV all night. Against today's standards we will be glad to say he would rather read and not just because there is nothing worth looking at ... but why would his family ask? The taste of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminds me a bit of Harrison Bergenon's atmosphere (which I hear didn't get a big deal on the screen). I just wish they could have provided an opening and closing narrative to make this theme as powerful as the obsolete Man. I found it better than the short story on which it was based. I didn't read the one that was a charity message, but would have liked it to be interesting. A 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill), suffers from a fever of unclean water, has always been common in his Massachusetts hometown ... but he can see through the eyes of a young Puritan woman who has the same kind of fever , Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann) suffers, also experiencing herself to experience what is going on. him. They both recover, especially as it is common for it to happen in 1985, but the connection does not go away. Charity is curious about the attractions and sounds she recorded in 1985, and they enjoy each other's company, especially Peter, who has promoted sufficient degrees in school to always feel about other students. Even at college he is in one place. However, things take an unexpected turn when charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who claims that the 13 colonies of England will break a sign of enchantment, adding that she has spared the death of the fever (not so common in 1700). The two are trying to learn a way to save her. The end is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touch. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain, but both times, through a lesson / warning that looks like something Rod Sterling would cook and entertain, make it easy to remember that friendship, love, and wisdom do a lot. Probably 3/4 of them have no theme, but somehow I think it will be approved by Sterling's crew.
