Given the title, this first succession of QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham stories that make up the film. The writer still seems to introduce the episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; Incidentally, while writing the original compendium only to R.C. Sheriff, here, Maugham himself also lent a hand in the adjustment, as well as Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether they contributed one segment or otherwise work together). As can be expected, many of QUARTET's crew are retained for the second installment - although it also extends to at least three members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two have some parts in the episode of QUARTET titled "The Colonel's Lady"). While TRIO is ultimately a lower performance than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third story taking over half of the running time), it is still done with utmost care, painted with a stellar cast and is very pleasant . in the bargain. <br /> <br /> The Verger tells of a church egret (James Hayter) - for which the title of the story is another word - which after 17 years of service by the new parish priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he is illiterate. Instead of resting on his laurels, he not only takes a wife (his country member, played by Kathleen Harrison), but makes a strategically located tobacco shop in a long road where no such service is offered no. And with business flourishing, it's been developed into a whole chain. The last scene then sees him visiting bank manager Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised to learn about Hayter's lack of education, but is asked to ask him what his other interests were - what the wealthy ( and respected) Tobacconist replies, with some irony, that he had the call to be a rip-off! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All," is the shortest but perhaps the most enjoyable one: a sea-voyage is totally undermined by the insatiable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick ), Britain despite its foreign sounding name Kelada, claiming to have an authority on virtually every subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who need him the most - the latter because he has a cabin with the man and former share for Patrick's attention to his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). However, during a fancy dress party, the passengers decide to accept their revenge on Kelada by personalizing one of them (a pleasure he obviously doesn't appreciate!); Yet it is here that he shows a decent side to his character - told by Crawford that the necklace she wears is an imitation. Wayne challenges Patrick to call his prize ... but the latter immediately realizes that this is the right article and that it would be Crawford's position if he were to tell it so that Kelada publicly ridiculed him rather than the fact that probably exposing the woman to a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can be seen from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with the numerous patients at such a place - managed by Andre 'Morell. The lead actor is a new intern, Roland Culver, who observes the various actions wisely. The narrative emphasizes in particular three distinct parts of the plot - one humorous (the "feud" between two older Scots long-lived in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), one melodramatic (the erratic relationship between disgruntled patient Raymond Huntley and slow-paced, but dedicated wife Betty Ann Davies) and one bittersweet (the romance between naive, but charming Jean Simmons, and Michael Rennie, who immediately visits, which, despite the fact that Morell Simmons diagnosed as Simmons as a ' lifer 'while Rennie left him for a few years, leading the couple to the altar).
