Made after QUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of the early movie versions of the short stories by Maugham. Here are the three stories DIE VERGER, MR. WET-IT-ALL, and SANITORIUM. The first two are comic strips (THE VEGER is like a long joke, but one with a good remuneration), and the latter is more serious (such as health issues involved). Once again, the author introduces the film and the stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, soon to have his signature role as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of THE VERGER. He does this little conservative work in a church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears Hayter, he has no schooling. Hayter saved money, so he told his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he wanted to buy a small news and tobacco shop. He has a good eye, and his shop thrives. Soon he has a whole host of stores. When his grandchild is baptized by Hordern, the latter is surprised to see how prosperous his ex-Verger. The payout is when bank manager Felix Aylmer Hayter meets to diversify his investments. I will give it to you to hear the unintentional but ironic coda of the meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOWLEDGE-ALL Kelada is a sprawling, friendly and slightly overpowering type from the Middle East that goes on a business trip (related to jewelery) by steamship. His state mate is Mr. Gray (the quiet and proper Wilfred Hyde-White) who disapproves of Max's silence. Max likes to liven things up and is very much involved in the ship's entertainment. At this point, the story actually seems to be part of the story of the non-Maugham story and film CHINA SEAS (1935), as Max makes a bet that he can tell a true fake jewelry (after he insisted that a piece of jewelry he saw was really). I will not describe how Max rises after the event. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional Maugham alter-ego - a writer and once spy as in Hitchcock's THE SECRET AGENT). Here he has to use a storage space for his health for a few months. He finds a remarkable crew of people, including Jean Simmons as a frail but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as an insatiable Scoutman, John Laurie as a second irascible Scotsman who is "in war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as A quiet patient who just shows his inner anger in his situation when his wife is acting, and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious life-threatening illness. Culver looks like three stories among these characters to their conclusions. The last one dealing with Simmons and Rennie is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> It was a silly follow-up to the earlier QUARTET, and worth watching.
