I found it hard to keep anyone in this movie. The central characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during an evening abroad in Australia, are not bad people, but certainly not all, or even most of the people we see throughout the movie, would be bad if we knew them better. But although we are so sure that the film wants us to be the culprits or innocence of the roommates from the start of their life's tragic disorder, the film takes a more or less sociological perspective on gossip, news media , crowds, gangs and assumptions. It is not a film about the degenerate society of Australia in particular; it is merely a report of a true story that has happened there. Society and mass are much less developed than the individual feels assured we are. <br /> <br /> When an officer insists on killing all an aboriginal dog because of the unverified action of a single wild dog, when it is randomly destroyed, life rinses even more out of control because of the most Magazines, newspapers and TV shows pervert the tragic truth into a drama that brings its consumers into a madness. There is no sign of empathy or even any kind of beyond one's own unconscious perceptions, influencing left and right through the powerful hearsay and vibes of those who surround one's life. The reason I appreciate the movie is because it changes the focus inside the victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside was presumably shone mostly by virtue of hair. For the public eye, she did not threaten enough by the death of her baby daughter. Why was she able to keep her cool, even a fuss, let alone her head, for TV and the press? How much of the downward spiral could be prevented, did she bear more against the public's enjoyment in the media? Meryl Streep, one of, and not the greatest, actress working today, should not give a performance that is particularly outstanding, and honestly not any other actor or department of filmmaking. But she, and the authors, understand Lindy. What is infected is that it is not that difficult. Apparently she was not, of course, likely to show emotion in public. Of course, whether she can be approached in the immediate sense as a lovely character, we tend to sympathize with her situation. <br /> <br /> Whether her actions are immediately satisfactory as Sophie's Choice, the devil wears Prada, Angels In America or other such work, it is a triumph. It's hard to be an audience if you deliberately deny their insights into yourself. She frustrates us because we don't know what she thinks or feels. It took me a while to make her feel, but that is the way the public can get the attention of the reaction. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor and they both practice a religion that is interpreted in a small minority and therefore wrong. Initially, they responded to their loss as if they were reconciling themselves to God's will, starting with a rumor mill that created the idea that their daughter's death was a kind of ritual murder on their side. Whatever happened to the girl, her parents were part of a margin with which most of the media's intake was not immediately identified. The first tendency was to follow them like a pack of hunger ... well ... /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian public plays the right leaders here. Like punctuation marks for each plot preview, director Fred Schepisi cuts away from restaurant to tennis court after dinner to salon to office, where the public tries to drive Lindy away and be taken away in their own passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the environment does not provide a pleasing enough allowance for the fact that no performance or facets of production stand out. But it is very successful as a charge of the public's collective consciousness.
