This review contains spoilers for those who are unaware of the details of the true story on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> The right to suspect "guilty of guilty" is a basic claim of anyone in a civilized society; but according to Fred Schepisi's biased but incredibly convincing story of a famous Australian murder trial, it was not granted to Lindy Chamberlain, who was accused of killing her baby. The story telling her innocence was unlikely (a dingo was allegedly taken), but those who implied her debt more, and there was no firm evidence against her. But the Australian public was transferred through the possibility of her debt, and the deeply religious chambermen appeared scary when they appeared in the media (and of course, the media itself was nothing but innocent in this process). Although initiated by an initial investigation, they were later prosecuted and found guilty. Although Chamberlain was finally released, it only scandalously followed by the discovery of new evidence proving their innocence, which should not produce a defendant. <br /> <br /> A Cry in the Dark is well worked out, especially by Meryl Streep, who offends a predominantly Australian accent (at least on the ears of this Pom), likes Lindy sympathetically (for us) while still communicating how she became a national hate figure. The screens where she actually comes into jail are simple but heartbreaking, because we believe in the characters as real. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of his depiction of this story (something I cannot comment on), the broader theme of this film will be terribly true to anyone with a passing knowledge of the British popular press and his relentless habit of directly addressing their readership's least charitable institutions. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary British tabloids comes from exactly the same pit of evil as the voices given by Lindy Chamberlain. I'm not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some deadly lines (if you excuse the pun). "Judge that you are not judged" is one of them.
