The storyline of "The Thief of Baghdad" is complex as it is told in flashbacks and woven together three separate and equally important strings. The script by Lajo Biros and the dialogue by Miles Malleson keep the story at bay. Baghdad's young king Ahmad is angry with his visionary Jaffar for carrying a man for different ideas. He discovers while in disguise that people are guilty of Jaffar's actions and hate him. He was caught by Jaffar, where he met Abu the young thief. The two escaped and took a boat to the city of Basra. There spies spy when men clear the way so that no one will pass the Princess of the city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He told her he had come to her from outside and won a kiss. Then he is taken prisoner. When Jaffar wins the Princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad falls to the evil visor that makes him blind and makes Abu a dog. Jaffar then asks the Princess's hand, and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of Basra. The blind Ahmad then tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The Prince fell asleep and nothing can wake her. So Jaffar sends his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog, in the hope that the prince can provoke her. He wakes her up. She runs a doctor to get a doctor to cure Ahmad, but she is caught by Jaffar who then throws the dog overboard. She allowed Jaffar to take her in his arms, on his promise to restore Ahmad's face and return Abu to a thief. The princess sees a vision of Ahmad; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to occupy him and Abu is wrecked on a deserted island. Abu finds a genius or djinn who wants to kill him now because he is free after many centuries caught in a bottle. Abu throws him to prove that he really came from such a small vessel and then recognized him. To free him, he has three wishes. Its first for sausages. Meanwhile, the Princess pleads with her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy, one of his six arms killing him. Abu makes a second wish to find Ahmad. The sly genius flies him to the goddess of the All-Seeing eye. Abu must climb a wonderful web to get to the gemstone, that is the eye, battle with a giant spider and then the goddess's statue. Abu looks at the 'eye' and sees Ahmad in a canyon. He took the genius for him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad, but the genius laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the Princess that she is in love with him without mentioning Ahmad. Ahmad tries to fight his way to the Princess, but Jaffar breaks the 'eye'. Abu finds himself in the land of legends, where the old men who rule, want to make him king. He steals a bow and a magical carpet and rather escapes, to hurry to rescue Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king of the officer, with his bow from the flying carpet, to the wonder of the crowd who came to see the performance. Jaffar tries to flee the mechanical flying horse, but another shot of the bow finishes him. Ahmad is reigning and planning to marry his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his sight, the young thief refuses to say that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and childbirth in a palace how big it may be. Produced by Alexander Korda, this fantastic story is a wonderful story. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also art director, while Georges Perinal did the colorful cinematography. The directors are credited with Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, along with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The extraordinary and numerous costume designs were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production, besides its beautiful and expensive visual splendor, claims I am dominated by two other elements, Miklos Rozsa's choral music and the performance by Conrad Veidt as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays the genius with a funny accent, plus his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is beautiful and effective as Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson, a pretty clumsy and lofty Sultan. As Ahmad, it seems that John Justin does the most that can fall in love with the part of a young prince and then party; He is memorably good in his winning role. This film has a space on what is found, I say, also in other Korda works. The imaginative content contrasts with very strong realistic sets, costumes and design elements. It is one of the most memorable level of imagination of all time, worthy of being enjoyed over and over again.
