The film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard told him to go into the city, disguised as a beggar, the magician made the prince and closed the shadow ruler of Baghdad . the prisoner meets a thief, called Abu, who helps him escape the prison and go to a town called Basra, where he meets a princess whom he has fallen in love with. But the evil wizard, Jafa, is also unknown to the princess and tries to convince her father to marry him. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girls' hearts so that he makes him blind and makes Abu a dog. It leads to the prince and Abu going on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace in Baghdad and marry the princess. during their journey, they met everything from sarcastic geniuses who flew Abu through the clouds, a giant spider who is really hungry, and a flying horse that is probably one of the most beautiful series that these old eyes of mine have ever seen , ever seen. <br /> <br /> It's a pure fantasy movie from start to finish, it has flying horses, geniuses, flying carpets and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just hitting people with their staff. It has no stocking moments and the love story is not a waste of time. The production designs are just stunning in this movie. From the palaces to the various dangerous falls that the heroes encountered. Although this film is over 40 years old, the production design is much better than most of the crap that is cut in today's theater. The music and songs are also well done. Anyone who sees it will undoubtedly say, "I want to be a seafarer sailing" as one of the great musical moments in movies. I'm not a big fan of singing in movies, because I find them as enjoyable as doing my taxes, but I'm more than happy to make an exception to this movie. <br /> <br /> What sells The movie for me is the mere fact that you see things that you don't see in everyday life, and that is the same reason why I like things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill "love. Ahead of today's modern fantasy movie came with their realistic CGI to blow our minds. There was this movie that washed away your mind without the green screen spreading all over the place. One of my favorite shots in "Two Towers" is the one where we see the trolleys that open the black gates. The biggest appeal of that shot to me was to see how these great fantasy creatures are actually crafted, and that's what I like about it. the genius and other creatures in the movie. They are just there to try to make a living, just like everyone who gives them a real feeling, although they are all just fantasy creatures. <br /> <br /> It is literally impossible to watch this movie and not see where the makers of Aladdin got their inspiration. The characters of this movie are almost the same characters in the movie of the conversation Genie up to the flying carpet. It is not a very bad thing in my eyes, as it is nice to know that I am not the only one on the planet who has a deeply passionate love for this wonderful movie. I first saw it as a child in the motherland and thought it was the biggest thing in the world and after watching it last week, I think it's incredible. It's a real proof that a good movie can withstand the test of time. Sure, the effects look a little bit outdated and cheesy, but it was traced back in the 40's, so giving it a break. Not everything looks obsolete, as most of the goods can still keep their own when checked under today's standard. <br /> <br /> - If you ever wanted to see a lively action version of Aladdin, you should wish this, but the evil cynical will probably do well to avoid it, as it won't be their cup of tea don't be.
