A very beautiful movie, one of a handful, I saw when a young man who then enters me and still does Thief, the impression actually looks better over time. By the 90's my daughter and I had seen it on TV many times, but still went to the photos when it came to the local art house theater? When it was finished, we came out with a stubborn eye with poetry heads and Miklos Rozsa's moving music that wanted it to last a few hours longer and think what a beautiful world it was once again. <br /> <br /> Idealistic Prince Ahmad wants to sneak it among his people for a while to look out for things, but the malicious Vizier Jaffar takes his chance to grab him in jail. After escaping with a small thief playing Sabu, Ahmad sees a Princess and falls blindly in love? Along the way they have many adventures (though apparently not enough for Sabu!) and Love, but destroy everything. The special effects had to be pleasing in 1940, but Time took its toll and reduced its impact, as digital cartoons even took on vivid action? but they are still good compared to the 40-year-old movie like Superman. Anyway, if I am tempted to suspend unbelief in gigantic guffawing geniuses, flying horses and carpets, I also suspend unbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite pieces: the dream-like scene in the sunlight when Ahmad reveals himself and Adelaide Hall's appropriate romantic song; The beautiful colors in the tent in the Land of Legend? In fact, the beautiful colors throughout; Sabu and Rozsa's triumphant but still capricious final. Conrad Veidt plays the bath in two of the most incredible film novels ever, this and Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the front roles of lovers, styling them both slightly and refreshingly, but the parts did not pray for a great variety of emotions: just pure love mattered. <br /> <br /> There are a few light-hearted images in it, but be sure it is a glamorous feeling experience with a 100% positive message. It's just a pity that little children nowadays don't look at the porn they prefer. One of my Top 10 movie favorites, I can't recommend it too much? May it be shown at the end of the time.
