Mario Lanza, of course, is "The Great Caruso" in this 1951 movie, also featuring Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. It is a highly fictional biography of the legendary, world-renowned tenor whose name is still known today. <br /> <br /> The movie is produced nicely, and the music is glorious and beautifully sung by Lanza, Kirsten, Judmila Novotna, Blanche Thebom, and other opera stars featured in the film. If you are a purist, you see people who are smiling on stage during the Sextet of Lucia, will be so strange to you - even if Caruso's wife, Dorothy, only had a baby girl. Also, it is highly unlikely that Caruso ever sang Edgardo in Lucia; the role is too high for him. <br /> <br /> In the dramatic license, the script captures many dramatic parts of Caruso's life. What made him so remarkable is that he actually created roles in operas today in the standard repertoire, but it's never mentioned in the film. These roles include Maurizio in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "Girl of the Golden West," There is a well-known picture of him wrapped in a sheet wrapped around him like a gown. The reason for the photo? His only shirt was in the laundry. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and has a long partnership with the Victor Talking Machine Company (later RCA Victor). He sang Joseph in Carmen in San Francisco the night of the earthquake. <br /> <br /> Instead, the MGM story basically killed him on the scene during a performance of Martha, which never happened. He had a bleeding during "L'Elisir d'Amore" at the Met and could not complete the show; He first sang at the Met three times, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino peritonitis. His first role at the Met was not Radames in Aida, as shown in the movie, but the Duke in Rigoletto. So when it appears on the screen "suggested by Dorothy Caruso's biography of her husband," it is what it was - suggested. What is true is that Dorothy's father denied her her marriage and left her $ 1 of his massive estate. They also had a daughter Gloria together (who died at the age of 79 on 7/7/2007). However, Caruso had four other children by a mistress before he was married to Dorothy. Some people say that Lanza's voice is remarkable like Caruso's, but just listen to Caruso singing in the movie "Match Point" - Caruso's voice is remarkably different from Lanza's. In fact, of his sound, he wanted Caruso to sing as a baritone. He probably had problems with high notes, further evidence of baritonal handrails; and the role he prepared when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role, definitely not Lanza. Lanza's voice doesn't deserve to be compared to another. He made a unique contribution to film history, popular operative music. He sings the music in "The Great Caruso" with strong energy; He is really at the height of what a short career would be. His acting is, of course, sincere. Ann Blyth is beautiful like Dorothy and gets a little herself. <br /> <br /> Really a movie for opera lovers and Lanza fans, which are probably one and the same.
