Last night I got a double function from the previous night of "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and both films in a row without really having the opportunity to catch my breath or to devise the meaning of each movie separately. After I left it, I have to say that I largely prefer the former over the latter, and I will explain why. <br /> <br /> Introducing Sunrise to then young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Society), only 25 at the time of the film's release; and Julie Delpy (the three-color trilogy), then 26 (although much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer who travels Europe after breaking with his girlfriend; She is a young French student on her way home to Paris. They meet on the train from Budapest-Vienna and decide spontaneously to get the train together. The two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals spend an evening with the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, to exchange ideas and thoughts and gradually fall into love. <br /> <br /> The film wrote about it in the 1990s: the technology jumped fast, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams was just around the corner, and young adults like those featured in the film is filled with love for life and passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, if accidental or deliberate, were half-American half-French, and from one spectrum to another credibility), was a mirror of time. Looking at the naive couple, life swallows up with such meaning and excitement, which is all click and romantic, but also to let the audience fall for them is what the work really made me. The fact that the director does not let you know if their relationship goes to the movie or not makes it even more worthwhile. <br /> <br /> All in all, Sunrise is a dream walk through the urban landscapes of Vienna, a well-known classic romantic rendezvous, and a movie I will definitely return for further insight into the future.
