After a casual encounter on the train, a young couple spends a single night in the streets of Vienna, discussing lives and love. The primary reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to see a young Julie Delpy delivering her lines. Like 'Celine', this sexy, brainy, soulful brown eyes is a kind of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in the mid-twenties. Celine is virtually the ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine, while naturally, unpretentious, introspective and selfless. We can easily forgive that she is a bit eccentric and speaks a blue line, because her sincere, intelligent remarks are sometimes pervasive. Furthermore, her varied expressions are nothing less fascinating and she speaks English with a French accent that is very engaging. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie, it must be her intact and fearless costume. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes down as a vaguely attractive slab, kind of a Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. Attempting to appear detached and nonchalant, draws himself through certain shots. His trousers fit poorly, his tee shirt comes uncomfortable, his wavy dark hair (his most beautiful feature) needs a good wash and someone really had to show him how to prune his youthful good. Nevertheless, he intends to represent an unwanted youth on a fortnightly train ride in Europe. The look he has grown is probably reasonable. His often-cynical observations and grudges for humor seem to impress the unapologetically romantic Celine, though sometimes disturbed by the extent of his alienation. When he finally admits to her being totally sick of herself and likes to be close to her, because he feels like another person in her presence, we know he's coming somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blowing their collective funds on a series of cafes, bars and stupid tracks, they agree that because they never see each other again, they should use it most. Jesse blows a bottle of red wine from a sentimental barman so that he and his love wife can restore love to a local park in the middle of the night to lay on the grass, to watch the moon and the stars and the sun to look up. <br /> <br /> Given its unlimited happiness in the romance section, it's especially annoying when Jessie, as the very definition of a naive shock, fools, this slick young lady can slip out of his grip. He held himself in a half-baking plan, which was quickly invented at the railway station when he prayed her adieu, to re-unite in the same place in half a year. When the set time comes, you only know this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved with another, maybe even married and pregnant. For whatever reason, she probably won't show, while Jesse, who ends up working at Target or if he's happy, will return the local library to Vienna, desperate to see her again, just to be alone. /> <br /> Despite what was a very daunting conclusion to me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I recommend it as well as the sequel, "Before Sunset."
