When I saw this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 through a free advanced show, I was totally enchanted and would have liked to pay it. I was sorry after talking to many people who saw it and who was totally disappointed with this and how it ended. On the other hand, I feel quite the opposite. I was completely satisfied with the outcome and everything. People I spoke to said there was too much talk! Plus they were unhappy because they felt the end had left you over the fate of the two characters. I found that these observations are absurd and also painful evidence of how the majority of the American film public seems to understand stories in movies that are not too complex and intelligent unless they get confused. They also like being empty ends - happy or sad. It blames me. No one wants to be challenged more ??? And for the end (and I don't want to be a spoiler), I'm completely satisfied because I know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It's all about your own personal belief in romance and fate. It's a very personal movie that doesn't talk to all people. But it probably spoke to me. Give it a chance! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater made a very nice film with a beautiful story set against the beautiful backdrop of the city of Vienna. If you look at it, you feel like you're walking through the city streets with the characters. As if you were sitting on a Eurail pass by Europe yourself. It's very intimate. Plus, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do a great job of bringing the complex script to life. They must have improvised in some parts and work well. They have a good chemistry in their roles. Their discomfort as strangers knowing each other in order to get to know each other is very credible and you can truly feel the romance and bonding as the movie progresses. I get the feeling that this is a very personal job for Mr. Linklater was and I strongly respect him for making this film. It definitely touched me and I hope it will affect others. Bravo for romance !!!
