I bought the Before Sunset DVD and saw it for the first time a week ago. Once I saw it twice, I couldn't help but before Sunrise, not because the successor wasn't that big, but I felt that these two movies had finished, as no other successor ever did, every one Once I looked at one of them, I felt the need and the desire to see the others. So, I finally spent the weeks watching both repeatedly, I'll be pretty shy to mention exactly how many times. The most remarkable thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel the development of the feelings of their characters towards each other. It sounds so simple, the growth of chemistry, I think other romantic films might think they succeed in following the development, but for me - who doesn't believe in Nora Ephron? Before Sunrise is the first film to really give the viewers? chance to feel it. When I first saw it, about 8 years ago when I was 20, I already liked it. But, I didn't see it as a "big movie", it still seems to me like another movie's good movie, Linklater was too smart to make it realistic, it was ten minutes long, the characters were too well-crafted, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because I had their conversations, etc. enjoy it. But now, thank you for Before Sunset, I feel it is more for Before Sunrise than I previously felt. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. How each one is separated and they have a chance to mix, the story is just a frame of time, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom that each scene has, as well as the refusal to be effective, how blind I was that those qualities didn't hit me so extraordinarily when I first saw it! Now, 8 years passed, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that only exist for the sake of its end, including movies such as Pulp Fiction or Linklaters' own Slackers. The Jesse and Celine story avoids it, perhaps before Sunset is a better example in this case, but before Sunrise is also one of the few films, it's just a result of time, not a destination, but every scene has his own life. I don't know if Linklater or anyone else had a successor in mind when they made Before Before Sunrise, but to me one of the most wonderful things about these prosecutions is how these two films contrast each other visually. Before Sunrise, which I think, uses more static angels and brighter color schemes, try to capture the smallest atoms of liveliness around Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope whether the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I enter the imagination of boredom while Jesse talks to the journalists in Before Before Sunset and Celine's first smile behind the shelves is the heartbreaking smile I saw in the beginning of a movie and the many moving shots after that take me to a place I don't know with a sadness in me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am to meet them again. I am sorry that I have been with my limited English for so long, before Sunrise is already an extraordinary film, without even pouring out my scattered thoughts, and it is even better with an equally great successor who follows it.
