Much of the criticism of this thread looks like a comparison of this movie with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare films they choose, but the similarities of "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch On The Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut. The main comparative point brought to "Casablanca" is the seemingly unfair treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Motion Picture Arts and Science Academy because they chose Paul Lukas instead of the best actor Oscar. It doesn't quite hurt me. Lukas had a good career in film (both here and in England - he is the villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best. Bogart had more good performances in him than Rick Blaine (for example, two years ago he was ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra". Both were first performances and he didn't want to get it " An Oscar for his best performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure Of Sierra Madres", author / murder suspect in "In A Lonely Place" and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" for Charley in "The African Queen "). I think Bogie had it for the role of Dobbs, but that didn't happen. But Luke was happy - he did this on the decisive performance of his smaller career. Little can claim this. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie is watching Watch On The Rhine, based on another play by Hellman, The Searching Wind. They both look at America's spirit of isolation in the 1920s and 1930s. The search wind really looks at the whole war in the war, while Watch On The Rhine, in the years that just entered our World War II, is trading in a matter of weeks. That's why it's better built than a play, and more significant for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has very good performances, led by Lukas as the exhausted but determined anti-Nazi warrior / courier, Davis as his loyal wife (who wisely keeps her character as low as possible because Luke the centerpiece of the play's activities), Coulouris as the selfish, fucking, but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (such as Coulouris Wiser and Sad and Brave Woman) and Kurt Katch, who delivers a devastating criticism (as the local embassy's Gestapo chief) about Coulouris and others who will handle the Nazis. This has a dialogue with bites in it. And what it says is true. It also has moments of near poetry. Witness the scene, until the end when Coulouris is left alone with Luke and Davis, saying: "The New World has left the scene to the Old World." Hellman can write very well at times. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the film script and performances, I would rate this role highly in World War II films.
