Before Sunrise goes on to make some remarkable things, almost too much to fit into one review like this, but it is enough to say that it is one of the most striking character studies of the nineties, perhaps even in all contemporary theater, to be remarkable. be. About love, by and by, as much as it is about a human connection. How does one fall in love with the first face? Nobody does, it's at least the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his movie. And * yet * there is the possibility of having such an intense connection, of a band that can form in those who are young and with many ideas that can express artificially and with a wide cynicism and somehow soft and true. time. Linklater gives us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy coming from the same train to Vienna, and on the way things start to discuss, first randomly, then personally (Jessie dies for the first time his grandfather). Jessie persuaded Celine to go with him on a night in the 'town', in Vienna, to his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> In front of Sunrise, Jessie and Celine, in the midst of the beautiful Vienna scenery and places to continue on topics that are very important, and in the sense of acting, talk about how it is watching people have one that leads to another. This is often about relationships and obligations, as Jessie and Celine sometimes tell stories a little insignificantly or apparently, and others who can tell a lot about their essential characteristics. We hear confession of desires for other loves, or who do not really love, to be part of a family or part of an education that may or may not tell how you will love your life, what it means to believe or not believe in some religious form, or just to have any connection with any faith and soul (I loved the little ones about the quackers in the church), and sometimes messed with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for the latter part, but it's fascinating about the movie, but it's never really cynical, but just commenting on cynicism that puts the worries of men and women at the age of their lives. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it is always nice to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles, where they are not incessantly annoying in the 90-year-generation X mode, but are the kinds of people there, If not in the central assumption of the film, which is not a bad one, but an essential one, one might think of walking along the streets of a city. The arrogance is that of an old romantic picture Ala Brief Encounter. Right here, intimacy is expressed in the central characters or between each other, where sweet is neatly acceptable ("I have to tell you a secret", Jessie says and then leans in for a kiss, ho-ho), or in the moments that appears with other people along the way. I loved the scene with the poet, where it is very cinematic to suddenly find a random romantic bite player amidst a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal, or with the palm reader and how the reactions of Jessie and Celine is what we can share, but really they do it firsthand. All the time Hawke and Delpy have incorporated the roles in an interesting way - we can see how neurosis is already formed for their adult lives - as it can lead in the future ... <br /> <br /> With wonderful cinematography and writing With an ear for natural white and a real sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, but self-reliant, as it can lead to something more. Who is to say you can't suddenly be attached to someone, even though it is less than 24 hours, and is it much more attached than a couple? This may be Linklater's thesis, but there is more to it than that. It's a very thin film, and one that will repeat me repeatedly. A special scene, which is grandma and brilliant, is when the two of them "talk to each other on the phone" and mimic their exhibits, can go to the other's friend. A +
