Before Sunrise is romance for the sleeper generation. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is a horrible tale of a dream come true for most people. The film shows romance in all its glory, but without any of the pitfalls that hit most couples. And in short, the movie is about two people who have a relationship so close to perfection that relationships will ever come - with just one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships are declining over time, this one holds strong and time itself is the only thing to carry out. Before Sunrise is definitely not the typical sentimental 'Hollywood romance', which is another aspect that puts these role-players ahead of the forwards. The story follows two people, Jesse; An American and Celine; A French girl meeting on a train in Vienna. They connect immediately, and after telling her terrific idea for a television program and coming off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the scenic city of Vienna ... Before Sunrise works mainly for two Reasons - Realistic acting and a tremendous writing that builds the characters through their minds and feelings, allowing us to get to know them as we do the real life people. It leaves the characters free, and it is easy to believe that they are real people and not just actors working from a script. It also allows us to feel for the characters who they are, and not just because they are the main players. This kind of realism is hard to catch, as we as the audience know at the end of the day that they are watching a movie and not perceiving real life; but before Sunrise is one of the most truthful of realism ever to be seen on the screen. A really good script doesn't work on its own, and needs good actors to deliver it to an extent that makes it fair and although I'm not a fan of Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke. If you see this movie, there is nothing you can do but respect them. I don't know if they were in character or just playing themselves, but when a movie is good; It does not matter. <br /> <br /> In a movie like this, it's the most important thing, and in the script several observations are made on life most of which are personally related. It represents what Richard Linklater has achieved with this writing, as it not only creates and builds characters, but also manifests what true love is, along with various other aspects of life. The fact that not all the anecdotes are personally related to me again represents the brilliance of writing. Everyone is different, and so different parts of the script will claim different people. There may be certain aspects about one person who loves one person and another hates; and this is the case with the musings in this writing. The addition to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important for the movie, because it is a story that has just happened anywhere - but it makes for a beautiful visuals and the ingenious energetic romance flowing through the movie is adapted by the beauty of the place. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and engaging. Richard Linklater has created something that is scarce in the world of cinema; a movie that captures the beauty of life without ever going over or being too sentimental. Before Sunrise is what it is. And what it is is pure cinematic brilliance.
