I will tell you a story of the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canada concert in Barrie, which was one of the best Canadian groups of the old age. We arrived about 4am, waited most of the morning, and when the doors opened at 9am, we were one of the first in the gates. We then waited and waited in the hot sun, slow broiling, but we didn't mind, because the heads were among our favorites. At one stage, early in the afternoon, I sat down and dropped my back to the obstacle. I was awakened by my shock and dismay by a screaming girl wearing a Rheostatics t-shirt. That is why I hated Rostostatika to this day. There is nothing reasonable or tasteful, and nothing but their fandom. Snotty of me, isn't it? So, in my hatred of the group, I denied myself the joy of Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had it all. It's hard to tell what he's lost, as he lives in a fantastic cottage between the sea and the mountains (the BC region where the film was shot is breathtaking). The life of which most of us dream is broken down by dreams, fantasies and his own past until the day a teen breaks criminal ... and, as it sounds, breaks out. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema suffers from several problems. Generally, a lack of money, as well as an insatiable lack of helpers (as if somehow cancels the Canadians) lead to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not like to don't look It sounds or looks like, well, not like an American movie. Then, Canadian screenwriters often seem so trapped to be strange that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Thirdly, they seem to think that the free nudity (often frontal) makes something artistic. I'm sure anyone who especially looks at Canadian movies especially at night on the CBC knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a "do not this" textbook existed there and the Canadian filmmakers have long since thrown it out. <br /> <br /> In the 90's and 00's, some movies (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant CRAZY) broke this form and managed to maintain what Canadians are doing while observing perceptible production values ​​and good keep stories. Whale music is such a film, on the surface. Deeper than just his Canadian isms, it is a deeply moving story of a man who has lost his grip through grief and excess, which by music is then redeemed by love. And it even redeems Rostostatika. :)
