"Emma" was a product of what can be called by the First Great Jane Austen cycle of the mid-1990s, and it has recently been shown on British television, undoubtedly due to the interest in the author by the Second Great Jane Austen cycle created What started two years ago with "Pride and Prejudice". We currently have the Austen biopic "Becoming Jane" in the theaters, and ITV recently produced three TV films based on Austen novels. This includes the "Northanger Abbey", the only of the six major novels not filmed before, so the cycle must now be completed. But there will no doubt be more to come in the near future. (There is, after all, her youthful "Love and Freedom" (sic), the short novel "Lady Susan", and somebody undoubtedly gave ends to her two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon". successors who have been cut out by modern authors. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady of an aristocratic family in Regency England. (Not as some judges have accepted, Victorian England-Austen died before Queen Victoria was even born. Emma is financially much better than most Austen heroines such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and doesn't have to find her a wealthy man. Instead, her main concern is to find men for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to retire a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, and to believe that Harriet has to establish her attractions on the ambitious minister, Elton, but this scheme is disastrously wrong, since Elton had no interest in Harriet, but fell in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his suggestion makes him wonder why she is so keen to meet her friend with a man she regards as good reason as a suitable spouse for herself. It's a Jane Austen plot, and Emma seems to be less of a dedicated spider than she looks, and she also finds herself in love, leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always claims she won't marry without love and when she finds a mate, the attractive Mr. Knightley, we feel it will indeed be a loving marriage. However, it doesn't seem to be a very passionate one (unlike Elizabeth Bennett and Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21, he 37), and related to her through marriage, is more like a father figure than a lover. Much more of a father figure, in fact, than her real father, a fierce and selfish old hypochondriac that looks more like her grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearably dirty and boring friend, Miss Bates, it is Knightley who blames her for her lack of manners. (She's probably meant to indicate his gentleman-nature-nineteenth-century gentlemen, who like to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their extensive chain codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their parts very well, but it's not really one of the big screen novels. <br /> <br /> Some of the other characters I liked were Juliet Stephenson's vulgar Elton and Toni Collette's Harriet. I know Harriet was a naïve teenager in the Harriet novel, but here she is more like the character Collette played in "Muriel's Wedding". A Gauche, slightly overweight, twenty something, fret about her chances of finding a man. Yet I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not detract from Austen's themes. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of Austen's more lightweight works, without the darker overtones of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes and elegant costumes and fine manners. Apart from the ruffianly gypsies, which make a very short appearance, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and as they live in the kind of picturesque rose-scrubbed thatched house, which will change hands today, £ 500,000, we can be sure their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as not having your own stately home. This, of course, is not a comprehensive picture of early nineteenth-century life, but no one ever claimed Austen as the Regency equivalent of a kitchen sink realist. Sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a keen eye for human character analysis, was more in line. <br /> <br /> I wouldn't be this movie as high as the 1994 "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride and Bias" - it tends to drag a little in the middle, though it's a strong start and end - but this is basically a pleasant Austen adaptation. 10/07
