Romance is in the air and love is in bloom in the Victorian era England. In this sad story set against a society at a time when fashion was still fashionable, the ladies were beautiful and elegant, pushing those gentlemen. "Emma," based on Jane Austen's novel and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, dies the beautiful Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role. A self-appointed matchmaker, Emma, ​​has great joy in the romantic idea of ​​playing Cupid and adapting to those she feels fit for each other. Due to a successful event that ended in marriage, she set out to get a friend for her friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the outcome of her initial effort seems to be less. Meanwhile, her efforts are encouraged by the attractive Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose insight into affairs of the heart often looks a little sharper than Emma's, gives a required balance to the proceedings. And Emma, ​​so worried about what is right for others, neglects the heart that is most important of all: Her own. The world is going to run around and love, but Emma misses the boat. Luckily for her it is someone who is just right to wait in the wings. Now, if she can stop long enough to realize it. But as everyone who knows true love knows, things of the heart can go right or wrong in a moment, depending on the slightest thing; and while romance is on hand for Emma, ​​she must first recognize it and grab the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has made a beautiful, good-looking movie and rendered it like a fresh air in our often turbulent world. There may be an air of frivolity about it, but in retrospect this story is about something that might be the most important thing - in all honesty - just about anyone: Love. And with McGrath's impeccable sense of pace and timing, it all plays in a way that is totally entertaining and enjoyable. It is a pleasant movie with a wonderful role that transports the viewer successfully to another time and place. It's light price but absorbs; and the picturesque settings and proceedings offer a sense of well-being and tranquility that allows you to immerse yourself there and simply go with the flow. <br /> <br /> The overwhelming Paltrow, which won the Oscar for the best actress for "Shakespeare In Love" two years after making this one, looks comfortable and right at home in this genre. She embodies all things British, and does so with such a naturalness and facility that it is the kind of achievement that is easily taken for granted or totally overlooked. She is as good at what she does and makes it so easy. She has a charismatic screen presence and an engaging way, reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. Yet Paltrow is unique. As an actor she has a wide variety and style and demonstrated with such films as Hard Hard, Hush and Perfect Murder. She can only play any part, and touch that person who plays any role she plays. But it's with characters like Emma that she really shines. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so enticing that she is someone to whom it is easy to relate and just a joy to watch, regardless of the role she plays. And for Emma she is absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Also, Jeremy Northam is very good at Knightley's role, and as Paltrow looks, it's right for the genre - in the right role, that is; his performance in the more recent "The Golden Bowl", in which he played an Italian Prince, was less than satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; He is attractive and carries himself so that Knightley is credible and very real. Like Colin Firth's mr. Darcy in the miniseries "Pride and Prejudice", Northam has a memorable character with his own mr. Knightley created. <br /> <br /> Also excellent in supporting roles and worthy of mention is Toni Collette, as Emma's friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as Reverend Elton. Similarly, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people and as such become an important asset to the overall success of this movie. And it shows just how invaluable the supporting players in the world of theater are, and the movies of any genre. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs Bates) , Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). An uplifting, elegant film, Emma, ​​is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world that is too often unpleasant. And even though it is only through the magic of the silver screen, it is nice to be able to escape such a world like this, just for a few hours, as it fulfills the need for the renewal of faith in the human spirit. And it's the magic of the movies. I rate this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
