Tweaked a little, "Nothing" can be a children's movie. It's a very clever concept, touching on some interesting metaphysical themes, and going against pretty much every Hollywood convention you can think of ... which goes beyond anything literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who leave the world when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that remains is what they do not hate, and a large blank white space. It's hard to focus a story on just two actors for the majority of your movie, especially without any cuts to anything outside the plot. It focuses on pretty much one subject, but it's the best Vincenzo Natali area. If you saw 'Cube', you already know he tends to keep that kind of situation. The "nothing" in this movie is apparently infinite space, but Natali manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic, even if it's just because there is literally nothing else, and nowhere else to go. The actors sell it, though you can say these guys are friends anyway. Two actors from 'Cube' come back here (Worth and Kazan), but are completely different characters. They change throughout the story, and while they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least credible. <br /> <br /> The reason I say it can be a child's movie under the right tweaks is Because apart from a few f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary bloody dream sequence, the wonderful and often silly feeling of this movie very easily consumed by children. So I find it a strange choice that the authors decided to add a little language and a small amount of gore, especially since there aren't many of them. It could have achieved a PG rating if they simply cut out a few things and changed a little dialogue. There is very little offense about this movie, but just enough to keep parents from seeing their children. I'm just saying it's a pity, because not because I support censorship, but because it was the only thing that kept this movie from getting more exposure. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it's a pretty entertaining movie, albeit with some outdated scenes. But to literally do nothing and focus on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
