After seeing CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to be improper to take a storyline, and we hardly find it like a wet towel for all the storyline he can collect. Instead, he unfolds the stories himself in natural ways, so much so that you can probably believe there is this Cube where people try to escape or, in the case of Nothing, a huge empty firmament where ... nothing! The ad immediately hooked me up. It was so simple! Take two characters that no one likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali does it so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can exist. In fact, the world of nothing becomes ironic in the film. There is nothing there but also 'something' there. <br /> <br /> It might be a good time to point out that the trailer is very misleading. I was fortunate to actually understand that the film leaned to a more comical side than the trailer said otherwise. Therefore, when I watched the movie, I laughed each time, while someone who misled the ad could find themselves totally confused. <br /> <br /> If I can take a while to praise the film, where the movie excel On is the concept. It's a genius concept to have a world of nothing, and to put two characters there, NOT two brilliant spirit characters who will philosophize and work out their environment, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where the hell they are not! Another strong point is the movie's cinematography, although it doesn't look like it at first! Where every wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, a perception of depth becomes incorrect. It's hard to determine where things are placed in the Mis-en-Scene. The cinematography has many moments where it actually happens, but the camera is usually placed so that two characters, or an object and a character, are placed in the foreground and background so that a depth of depth can be realized. /> <br /> However, this movie does not lack in certain areas. The movie is relatively short, but even after a while the novelty of this world of nothing is boring, and you want to find some form of resolution within the plot. We can also argue that the play is once again questionable. These two characters are in a sense, unlikely, so we never feel any sympathy for these characters. Yet, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough, but something is missing. <br /> <br /> I still do this as an enjoyable movie! Don't let the trailer make you foolish, it's another science fiction horror movie. It's much more of a comedy than that! It is indeed worth looking at, just for the concept itself!
