Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his fondness for character-based sci-fi flashes with his 1997 short film "Elevated", which captures 3 people in a lift, while unseen monsters move around the building. His follow-up feature project "Cube", which was released later that year, had a very similar presentation, this time with 6 people and instead of a lift it was a huge expansion of interlocking cubic galaxies. Both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi genre a step further by deliberately descending to show almost any visual stimulation, instead of spending as much time as possible on the human element, how the characters behave inexplicably and dangerous conditions. After exploring the main stream with 2002's "Cypher", Natali returned to his bizarre character-film-inclination to bring us "Nothing", his latest and distant optimism and comedies make the wide film world of "What If? /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, brought together by a mutual dissolution of society and a lack of anyone else to be together. Preventing a selfish and somewhat darkened nature, living without Andrew with its weak and weak building, often benefiting from Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality, despite the fact that the two misfits are happy together, until one day deep Characteristic errors, along with an astronomical accident, ended up in the midst of a very serious, prison-worthy trouble, as well as discovering that their home was found to be incompetent and that it would be demolished before sunset. -pAn Out of all that is wrong for them, they wish the whole world would just disappear. And do it. <br /> <br /> Continue the synopsis, much of the movie's slow (occasionally slow) revelation on what happened to Dave and Andrew and how they handle their new reality. Natali's fascination with the study of human behavior under coercion (ala The Birds) is in the kicks, but simply by making the main characters rather than strangers, he can break away from the vibratory horror element of this premise to open it for a more comfortable and optimistic level. It was almost as if he had made the aphoristic opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In line with fundamental realism, our two anti-heroes are dynamically often antagonistic, sometimes with rather nasty results. Like the "Desert Island" game, the movie looks at how even best friends, when left alone, can fall apart, but at the same time show that friends are vital to the quality of life. In a very twisted, scientific way, it's a good movie, with good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> There are, however, some concerns with being "Nothing". While the two starring actors, Hewlett and Miller, work well with their parts, their characters aren't as interesting as they should have been, as it is absolutely necessary for them to entertain us for half an hour. There is some development in the relationship and personalities of Dave and Andrew, some backgrounds are given, but eventually not enough. Enough viewer will pass through the smaller part of the movie to see it to the end, but cynics will probably throw up pretty fast. <br /> <br /> The action, as mentioned, is sufficient and taking into account the amount of 'green screen' work that would be needed, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both of whom wrote together, wrote the screenplay, long ago friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett actually appeared in every film made by Natali. Perhaps it was their creative input that led this movie in a more positive direction. Nevertheless, the story could involve much more. Admittedly, it's relatively entertaining as nothing happens, but you get the impression that more could be done with this premise in more experienced hands. <br /> <br /> In All Fairness, "Nothing" is an impressive piece of work in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the writing works on a human level and it shows a progression in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of his work, it will be a pleasure, and for others it will be a nice way to pass a little unwanted time. It's just a pity that the directors' fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great, fine movie it could have been.
