Nothing is great! As simple as that! It's a movie that doesn't work, but it does. Natali lives in the kingdom of Sci-Fi, but this movie is also a comedy. Cypher it was a great budget drain for Natali (at $ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!) So with nothing he doesn't scale again. It's a low budget, independent movie-making at its best. Simple, good old-fashioned storytelling and an effort to make a film for artistic merit, as attributed to Hollywood's common reasons for mostly financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing and before you ask, no, it's nothing like Seinfeld! Basically Andrew and Dave are some of the losers. They live in a strange search house under two highways. Andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphobic while Dave Andrews is the best friend who stays with him, free rental to help him. However, Dave is tired and has a beautiful girl he wants to enter. However, at bizarre misfortunes, Dave discovers that his girlfriend has obscured a large amount of money from Daves's workplace incriminating Dave, and Andrew is mistakenly accused of being a sexually assaulted girl player (Canadian humor!). As it turns out, Andrew's home must also be demolished, and he can't stop doing so, since the house is built on land, it shouldn't be built. Both Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and the demolition team call. They are desperate and cannot escape, and in the panic and confusion just as the police burst into everything fading to white. What happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to just get into the house, but it's quiet. No police, no demolition team, no evil girl exploring mother! What happens is that Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "wish or hate away." As it turned out, they hated the whole outside world. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, depicted as pure white. So what that means is that the movie setting is a home set and then just white. The film is an interesting view of human isolation and the psyche and, of course, because they spend more time with no food and no water, they start to touch each other. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is useful, but of course things will come out of hand, we will say. I can't tell much, but I have to say reflective heads are quite an eye to see. <br /> <br /> This movie is weird, funny, interesting. The effects are simple but effective and Natali brings together two Cube friends, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the movie. They have chemistry and also work very well. They have to own 90% of the movie itself and much of it on a pure white background, but it works. Certainly, I expect it will get the same diabolic treatment as Cypher did and it should appear on the DVD in the states in a year or two. Nothing is a top quality and unique movie and although not as good as Cube or Cypher, it proves Natali as one of the best and best. Natali is someone who really interests me in his three. features so far and I can't wait for his next feature. I prey to God, he does not do the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by ADD sufferer Paul Evererson. Vincenzo old friend when Paul comes to your way, RUN !!! Run like the wind !! I hope and prey this man does not go to Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (with the pleasant but pussy-footed, sugar cover, helium light: I Robot!). Keep your eyes peeled for this man. ****
