When it came out, it was quite the latest music movie entertainment. To date, it is more entertaining than most, as it starred James Cagney as a musical prologue producer under a sequel of deadlines and sheltered from all storms by his trusty "Friday night" played by Joan Blondell. Also, the musical numbers by the end compiled by Busby Berkeley are actually a knock-out as far as something goes. <br /> <br /> But it's a funny movie. I mean in one of those numbers, you ran around Billy Barty and pretended to be a lovely toddler and do all kinds of strange things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a sickening smile at all times, but at least she doesn't have to act unhappy movies in some of her later. You will never guess that Dick Powell was any kind of tough guy to see him in this movie; Apparently, all the hard parenting energy was awarded to the star Cagney. As far as Cagney is concerned, its high-speed rations on musical exhibitions, etc. at the same time are intrusive and irritating. After a while it gets too much. You expect him to leave and say, "Hey, I have a good idea for a prologue! The women are cigarettes and they come from a pack of smoke! Oh no, we did that one last month!" It's funny, but it gets a bit repetitive. In the moments when he has to be tough with the bad girl, Rut Donnelly, some of the established Cagney gangster character comes out. In fact, regular B gangster director William Keighley is credited here with dialogue coaching, and it sometimes seems that Cagney and Blondell are calling a lot of "street", although the characters are not criminal. <br /> <br /> The musical numbers ... what can you say? They stand alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really frightening. But nothing of them really means anything. That means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing really more or less. And the whole look of the integration immediately falls apart, as the characters in the show do things that may not be appreciated by a theater audience, as the film portrays. For example, at one point they show the fine print on a newspaper, such things. The whole thing can only be on film, so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audiences of the time were somewhat less critical of such things than they would be ten years later, because it is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It's great to see Cagney himself from his excellent dance skills, and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are very good. The music I would say is just mediocre, but mostly enjoyable if it is repetitive. Bacon's direction in general is very suitable, but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is indisputable and it also added nostalgic value. It's a cut above most "let's have a show" movies of the 30's.
