It's hard to say what's coming up, James Cagney's charm and energy, or the buzz of Busby Berkeley's three major show stoppers at the end. I give it a tie, with Footlight Parade one of the funniest and fastest of early Thirties musicals. Although the movie clearly belongs to Cagney, Joan Blondell adds immeasurably to the good story. <br /> <br /> And what's the story line? It's about Chester Kent (Cagney) who produces musical instruments, and who is just out of business when the talks take over. He starts with Prolole, live music entertainment on stage before a movie starts. He gets the idea of ​​doing bigger and more of them, moving them across the country. He is a ball of fire and ideas, and he needs all the ideas he can get to make these things constantly. But a competitor spies on him and steals his ideas; Nan Prescott (Blondell), his sensible secretary, loves him, but he is too busy to notice; a black round, round glasses (Ruby Keeler) office girl wants a chance to dance; his wife says she didn't divorce him; A blonde gold engraver puts her hooks in him; his partners cheat him ... my gosh, what's next? It may sound a lot to digest, but everything happens quickly, bouncing with Cagney, pounding, vibrating, snatching, barking orders and occasionally - to the big last number when he is going to sing and dance - step or two just to show how this was done. <br /> <br /> Instead of "Let's show a gang, we have" We need to build three shows in three days, so close the doors and let us start exercising. "These three super-prologues will contain 40 choruses, spectacular effects and will mean a rich contract, with forty Kent units in luxury movie houses ... the whole Apollo movie house! costumes (such as Ann Sothern and Dorothy Lamour, you can quickly become Sothern, but Lamour is more generic). Keep the course, dance out their hearts, giggle and beat and look strikingly unsaturated. Then the curtains go up because each Prologue is presented in separate movie houses, one after another on the same night, the owner of the Apollo circuit will decide on that night whether he will save Chester's skin or not. <br /> First, the "Honeymoon Hotel" along with Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler are in a 9 minute production number, which contains lots of healthy charity, with brides and grooms (some may even be married), bedrooms and beds, and doors with "not disturbed" signs. <br /> <br /> Next to the next theater and 1 1 minute from "By a Waterfall", probably the Warner Brothers accountants were worried about bankruptcy. This number is so excessive - decades of swimming girls, trees, fountains, a huge cave with water slides, a huge pool - you'll never think there was a depression. Berkeley pulls out all his tricks - synchronization, human patterns, legs and arms do all sorts of precise things - and he does it in the water, with lots of underwater photography looking up. The girls are sure to play. They come up with water in their eyes and smile at their points. The whole thing had to be incredibly difficult and exhausting. Ruby Keeler, who has a few quick shots in the water, is the only one that looks a little cautious. <br /> <br /> And finally, the smash finals ... 11 minutes from Cagney dance and sing with Keeler to "Shanghai Lil", with all sorts of barmeis and their clients, uncommonly blending the races. . There is Cagney and Keeler dancing on the bar, dancing on a table, Cagney fighting. There are what look like fifty or sixty march marines, hips back and forth, guns throw and caught. Then ... it's true ... a human photo form of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle. It may be the only Hollywood music production ever to have Roosevelt, a large federal agency and a bunch of sexy Chinese prostitutes. <br /> <br /> It's entertainment, people. It's great! <br /> <br /> Of course, Chester's Prologues get the big deal and Nan gets Chester. The movie is full of juicy clichés that make us smile. Ruby Keeler is as endearing as she has to stretch her taps with her arms that you want to help her. Joan Blondell lets us forget many Hollywood women who would have been nicer, but who had much less white and personality. The movie, however, belongs to Cagney, who grabs and shakes it, and to Berkeley, a man for whom too many were never too much.
