An Opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a midget), prostitutes big, a violent fall in a dive, a sexual shenanigans motel, little ones dressed up, with a lot of clothes, a guy in Falling down, a racially mixed client in a bar with Asians, Africans and Anglos being treated equally, does it sound like a movie playing at the local mall? Wrong. These are all the plays of a 1933 musical. <br /> <br /> The first half of "Footlight Parade" is preparing for a musical extravaganza covering the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) is going to lose his job and lose his play girl wife because of the talk of live theater music. His producers take him to see a popular talk of the day, John Wayne, in The Big Trail. Before each performance of the movie, a dance number is presented as a prologue. Shorts, news rolls, magazines and cartoons will serve the purpose later. Kent gets the idea that a prologue chain will be the way to salvation for the thirsty live music industry. Kent is basically an idea man according to choreographer Busby Berkeley. Could it be that Cagney's character is after Berkeley pattern? May be. <br /> <br /> In preparation for the prologues, Kent teaches that his ideas are stolen by a competitor. He discovers the traitor, fires him, then he is not planted a new leak in the form of a dazzling tempter. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon to be Dick Powell) has the hots for Kent and is determined to expose the savages of the requester. A new singer from Arkansas College appears in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell) who appears to be a true find and is linked to Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The resulting three prologue musicals, which may not have been presented at any theater stage of the day, are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall" and "Shanghai Lil." br /> <br /> Special note is the song and dance of the tough old James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dance became natural and unanswered, though hours went into practice to get every step just right. Not as good as a singer like Astaire, Cagney's song, like Astaire, doesn't sound like the crown that was so popular. It's amazing that one person can be as talented and versatile as James Cagney. <br /> <br /> Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment over the other two. Yet the kaleidoscopic choreography of "By a Waterfall" is surprising. How Berkeley was able to film the underwater ballets and create the human snake chain had to be difficult because it was never repeated. The close-up shots mixed brilliantly with distant corners are a must-see. The sharp black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if it was shot in color. <br /> <br /> Although not as socially aware as "Gold Diggers or 1933", Footlight Parade is one of the most wonderful and scandalous musical instruments ever to be placed on the big screen.
