From the beginning, here's a summary: Porn Queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is killed by her pornographic lover Max (George Shannon) in a game of sexual Russian roulette. Alta's other lover, freezing lesbian decision-maker Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), offers an alibi for Max. But Camila has an agenda of her own, and a plan that includes the seduction of innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) in a web of sexual spirit games. When the lookalikes' identities are sufficiently blurred, the vengeance stage is passionately named as the hottest carnal encounter. <br /> <br /> Although this film is rather obscure and never gets much attention, I find it a sexy, exciting jewel. Cult goddess Woronov has one of her best roles, and his and sexy innocent Lowry play well apart. The disruptive music provided by Gershon Kingsley, plus two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You Never Let Me Down") and the Jaynetts Sally, Go 'Round the Roses' make an unforgettable soundtrack. Theodore Gershuny's direction is sharp, with everything photographed in subdued earth tones, which perfectly suggests that insignificant issues bubble with society's upper crust. With tons of New York atmosphere, Ondine (Woronov's friend and fellow Warholite), gives a great performance in a small role, and exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's ex-wife in a comic subplot. This sub-plot, though amusing, seems to belong completely in another movie. However, I do not complain because the film is smooth, even if it changes gears and is a hell more important that the erotic-thriller garbage is currently being wiped out. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar cookies were originally rated X (soft core) and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I'm the proud owner of an original one-poster poster - happy with me! In 1977, the movie was cut for a R and again released by Troma Team, which now offers it unavailable on video tape. Mary Woronov was at the time the wife of Theodore Gershuny and was reportedly uncomfortable carrying the graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes with him behind the camera. She can also be seen in two of his previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
