A very early Oliver Stone (associated) film, and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the world's only true independent film studio Troma, creator of the Poisonous Avenger and the coveted Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival, lifetime achievement awarded filmmaker for over 30 years. Lloyd wrote the letter with Theodore Gershuni in 1970, and said afterwards he listened to advice to put Gershuni otherwise the movie instead of doing it himself. But then he was still inexperienced in the business and it is probably due to decisions like this that he is no longer going to anyone. Indeed, it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script. As one of the world's most original, courageous, experimental and non-compromising directors, he would probably have given it even more edge than he already has. But as it is, we have the Gershuni-directed film. And again it is due to the strong writing, or the fact that he is indeed a director of his own, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, highly tense and well-crafted film that deserves more attention than it receives. The spectacle budget of the small studio (it was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for over 30 years, Michael Herz, who formed Troma) who had to be so well treated that the movie looked much more expensive, a "low budget" look at everyone. The story revolves around lesbian Camilla Stone (played by enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover who gets killed by circumstances, I won't reveal to spoil a wonderful story. This leads to a succession of plot twists, mind games and personality reforms that are loosely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least so inventive. However, the atmosphere is much more grim, and some comparisons with Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell's PERFORMANCE occur. In this mix is ​​a very original and inventive erotic loaded thriller that makes it quite unclear how it all ends, along with a wonderfully intertwined subplot with a nod to Kaufman's earlier and unavailable BIG GUSS WHAT IS THE FUSS, make for a very exciting one-and-a-half hours. Definitely one of the best films in Troma's library, and again one of those films that cheat the curious fantasy that their catalog is one of the bad ones. The DVD also includes recent interviews. Kaufman, together with Woronov and the other leading lady, Lynn Lowry (later in George Romero's THE CRAZIES), has some interesting insights on what is going on during the cult favorite and some tips on what would be different if Lloyd did it ordered itself. Highly recommended.
