My previous Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer, today a writer and journalist, suggested the theory that, like British filmmakers in the 1980s, were often critical of what they called "Thatcher's Britain", the Ealing comedies were meant to be satire "Attlee's Britain", Britain, which originated after the Labor victory in the general election in 1945. This theory was probably not applicable to "Child Heart and Coronets" (that is, if there is anything, a satire on the Edwardian Higher Classes) or to "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain some satire, but are not political in nature. However, this can be applied to most other films in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least in the forties, a predominantly working class district of London, on the North Bank of the Thames, about a mile from the Victoria station. It is not quite right to say, as has been said regularly, that the film is about Pimlico declaring "independent" from Britain. What happens is that an old charter comes to light that proves that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that Pimlico, technically, is an independent state, and is for nearly five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its residents. The government promises to pass a special parliamentary law to rectify the anomaly, but until the law receives royal consent, the territory outside the UK remains and British laws do not apply. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject According to British law, the landlord of the local bar is free to open any hours he chooses and local retailers can sell whatever they want, regardless of them. the ration laws. When other dealers in the area are moving to sell their goods in the streets, the British authorities are appalled by what they consider a legitimate black marketing and sealing the area to try to force the "Burgundians", like the people of Pimlico has. rename himself, to surrender. <br /> <br /> Many of the Ealing comedies have, as a central theme, the idea of ​​the small man adopting the system, either as an individual as in "The Man in the White Suit" or "The Lavender Hill Mob". or as part of a wider community such as "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The central theme of "Passport" is that ordinary men and women adopt the bureaucracy and governments regulations that were an increasingly important feature of life in the British Fifties. The film's particular target is the ration system. During the war, most people accepted the system as an essential sacrifice in the struggle against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to keep it in peacetime. This was an important factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was elected by a large majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewife Association were set up to fight for the abolition of rationing. I disagree with the reviewer who stated that the main objectives of the film's satire were the "spear" (black marketers), who played a relatively small role in the action, or the housewives league that didn't appear at all. The satire is very focused on the bureaucrats, portrayed as "rules of the will of the rules" - or a desire to pass the goat and avoid doing anything at all. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the film were to be made today, it would have a different ending to Pimlico who remains independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suspect today that this concept will probably serve as the basis of a TV sitcom rather than a movie). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were sharp stress patriotism and British identity, so the film ended with Pimlico being reabsorbed in Britain. One of the best-known lines from the film is: "We were always English and we will always be English, and that's just because we are English we are right for us to be Burgundians." There is a sharp contrast between the very heartfelt attitude of officials with common sense, tolerance and good humor from the Pimlico's cockroaches, all of which are typically presented as British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during a summer drought and rolling heat wave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico rejoined the United Kingdom, the temperature falls and starts to rain. Global warming may have changed slightly, but Britain has had an abnormally wet climate for many years. The ability to make jokes about the climate was equally important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance by Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, the grocery and small-time local politician who becomes the prime minister of free Pimlico. an amusing cameo from Margaret Rutherford as a solid history professor. In the chapter, however, it is sufficient to make a film about a small community that draws together, an example of ensembles that do not perform real star performances, but with everyone contributing to an excellent film. It lacks the bad will and rancor of many more recent satirical movies, but its white and satire is no less effective for everything. It remains one of the funniest satires on bureaucracy ever made. With the possible exception of "Child Heart and Coronets" my personal favorite is the Ealing comedies. 10/10
