Get this movie as possible. You will find a very good performance by Barbara Bach, beautiful cinematography of a stately (and incredibly clean) but creepy old house, and an unexpected virtuoso display by? "The invisible". I picked up a used copy of this movie because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, which I just saw in "The Spy Who Loved Me." I really love classic beautiful actresses and appreciate them even more if they can do a little. So: we start with a nice fresh starting point. TV reporter Bach walks out on a boyfriend and goes to cover a feast in a California town, Solvang, celebrating his Swedish ancestor by setting up a large folk party. She brings a comrade together, who is her sister and another associate. (The latter Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know who the celebrities are, each of these ladies is married, it's just too funny to watch Bach (Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Dennis Wilson) street with a sister dispute.)) Anyway ?? Bach's disgruntled beau follows her to Solvang, as he did not arrest her. There is a lot of silence between them, but she doesn't want to see him, tear him more about his bad soccer career. The ladies arrive in Solvang to order their station, only to find that their bookings have been given to someone else. (Maybe to Bach's boyfriend, think of it? Where's he going?). The gals are asking around, but there's just nowhere to go. To try to get into an old hotel that only serves as a museum, they take the interest of Mr Keller (the late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a man and submit to his home , and insists that his wife will be happy to receive it. Oh no! The next thing we know is making Keller a whispered call to his wife, warning her that the company is coming and threatening to play better. Trouble in paradise! The ladies are eager to establish themselves and go back to Solvang to take pictures and maintain Sweden, but one of the girls doesn't feel good. Bach and Lamm leave behind, wondering about Mrs. Keller (saddened by beautiful Lelia Goldoni) who seems to have lost her best friend. Spoken of ?? Underneath the weather Vicki dropped her clothes and came in a nice warm bath, and didn't realize that Keller had crept into her room to inspect the keyhole. She heard him think he had come to deliver linen and called out her thanks. Lassick did a good job in this scene, expressing the anxiety of a thick old, chubby tom that wasn't long enough. After he left, poor Vicki fell in bed for a nap, but was really fast (in a really decent, frightening action) by something GREAT that had apparently slipped through a grid on the floor? The invisible! Lamm comes home next time (Bach is arguing with her beau) and can't find anyone in the house. She knocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and on hands and knees to collect it, waving her hair and fashionable scarf all over the black floor grille? The Unseen again! Well, about the time poor Lamm gets her silence in the kitchen, we go back to Mr. Keller's past and he gets the full story of what his sick, sadistic background really is and why his wife doesn't smile much. Bach finally came home and wanted to know where her friends were. Meanwhile, Lassick was charged by the crying woman of the afternoon and decided he could not leave Bach out of the premises to reveal the secret of his home. He slows her down in the basement where the last act of the Keller family tragedy finally opens for us all. <br /> <br /> I can't say enough to Stephen Furst, who I've never seen before; Obviously he did his homework for this role, damaging the methods of communication and expression of the brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in their different ways, just give the film shine. Not only that, but the movie is excited with a satisfactory resolution. No stupid cheap tricks, eyeball rolling dialogue or pathetically cut corners. A real treat for your collection.
