It is true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, no particular attempts to turn or surprises at all, and literally every cliché that has brought the genre over the decades, but it doesn't necessarily make it a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this obscure, yet intense 80's shock feature that benefits primarily from a handful of brutal images and a straight brilliant casting. The beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small California town to shoot a birthday party documentary, but their hotel forgot to register. In their search for a place to stay, the trio walks in the overly friendly but suspicious museum consultant Ernest Keller who invites the girls to stay at his remote rural house. One by one the girls experienced that Keller and his extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria were hiding a dark and murderous secret in their home. "The invisible" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverted merger of the horror classics "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The plot is a series of well-known themes that have become known and endlessly implied by these two films, such as twisted family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, mad inmates and a very unpleasant treatment of chickens. Still, I do not regard it as negative remarks, as "The Unseen" is a completely pretentious and modestly disturbing thriller that was clearly never the greatest horror class of the decade. Although the denial of the plot is fairly quick, director Steinmann is trying to maintain the mystery by keeping the evil gift in the house "unseen" as promised. The decisive choices and appearances are truly what this sleeper is above the mediocre light level. Sydney Lassick, immortal since his role as excessive psychiatric patient Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest", is truly the ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His continued friendliness and almost naturally distorted appearance is exactly what the character needs. Also Stephen Furst, who eventually turns the face of the invisible, gives a tremendous performance as "Junior". He looks and acts like an authentic disabled man and his efforts to get to Jennifer's basement are really unpleasant. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable yet powerful early 80's film that will definitely appeal to fans of 70's exploitation and generally weird things.
