Dolph Lundgren is back! Detention marks Dolphs' first film in nearly 2 years, following the delayed Hidden Agenda. This movie still shows an improvement for Dolph on his cheap trilogy by Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this film is well below the standard of Hidden Agenda, which was better in almost every respect. What this film does in favor of Dolph's previous outing is a sense of cheese-free fun. The movie also has a rejuvenated Dolph back in high action, and it's good to see Dolph again his own stunts. <br /> <br /> The film story is ridiculous and the best B movie material. An ex-military man is now a teacher and on his last day of teaching, while taking a detention class, he walks in some Slovakian bad guys who took over the school to cover a big drug deal . The movie has no originality, but in a movie of this type you should enjoy with all the cliches. If you take it too seriously, the audience will find little to enjoy. Fortunately, the filmmakers do not matter too seriously and along with all the action snaps you can think of and the predictability, this movie has so bad it's kind of vibe. <br /> <br /> Where the movie is left down is misuse of a fairly decent budget. The budget of about 10 million was not well spent. It's all on the screen with lots of massacre and huge explosions, but many of the shooting ranges don't have imagination. The opening action is good, but afterwards the good moments become more sparse. There are a few good moments. For example, you have a motor car through school roads and a decent shooting at the beginning, with lots of destruction. The rest of the shooting ranges are fairly mechanical, but there is plenty going on. <br /> <br /> As for the cast. Hidden Agenda boasts the best role Dolph has worked in the ages. There was a good standard of actors for a DTV movie. However, it has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are horrible, but the main bad guy has a kind of nice cheesiness, because Alex Karsis plays it all over and without any indication of any threat you can put on the pure bad. The teens of the piece are actually good, but they play such cleaved characters. Everyone hates authority, each other and everyone has poor attitudes and of course they learn important life lessons of course, but in general it is decent, and especially Chris Collins has a similarity. This movie is all about Dolph. While this film is nowhere near its best, it is nowhere near its worst. It also indicates a turning point in his career. He is now in good shape and will be in a better shape in his next film, Direct Action. Dolph looks enthusiastic here, he does all his own stunts and it is good to see him playing the typical action man (running out of explosions in slowmo, one liners and big weapons) again in a movie like his parent, even though it is Met less flair and imagination than clicked movies like Army Of One. It's nice to see how Dolphing looks energetic. His films of the last 8 or so years have seen Dolphie look a little fitter and use a lot of doubles (he still does all the battles himself), but the new streamlined Dolph looks like that. <br /> <br /> Overall it is visible if it is only for the cheese value and Dolph in the first action man mode. There is no surprise, but it has a smiling, improper kind of charm. **
