In my opinion, this is a wonderful action movie, with characters, lots of action, and an incredible performance by Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is horrible as the villain! The story is very good, and I found that the kids are for the most part equal, plus Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing in this! The action scenes are excellent, and it's almost like Die Hard, except that it's in a school! And Kata Dobó is very threatened and sexy as the sidekick! The final is very exciting, and it also has some cool emotional moments! But I just wanted it to have a different villain, because Alex Karzis just didn't cut it off as a rogue way for OTT and made me feel ridiculous. It should be higher than 4.1, in my opinion, as I thought it was a good action movie, and while the kids were very stupid at times, they became very inventive when the movie went along, plus the shooting was nice too. cool. !. The end is very amusing, and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student !, Plus Dolph still has it !! It is, in my opinion, a great action movie, with characters, lots of action and a wonderful show by Lundgren! But Alex Karzis is terrible as the villain, but I recommend this one !! The direction is very good! Sidney J. Furie does a very good job here with good camera work, good angles, and keeps the movie at a very fast pace! There is some blood and violence. We get very bloody gunshot wounds, knife in the side of the head, bloody arrow hits, a raid and other small things. The Acting is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is incredible as always, and is wonderful here, he is very nice, kicks that ass as usual, had good chemistry with the kids, has a wonderful character, is very charismatic and he has not shown a great emotional anger no. He was still a lot of fun to watch! He is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is terrible when the villain, he is laughing OTT, was boring, and not threatening, he also annoyed the shit. Kata Dobó is very sexy as the sidebar and did well with what she had to do, she was the real villain in my opinion! Corey Sevier is funny as Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really warmed him up in the 2nd half, I liked him a lot! He also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee), all do great like the students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is good as the fiancee. The rest of the role play is good. Overall I recommend this one !! *** 1/2 out of 5
