Jeopardy is a tense, satisfying thriller, a cut above a B, but not really a great production. It qualifies as almost an experimental film, as the studio it manufactures, Metro, was desperately looking for new types of movies, stars and directors to compete with the then-new medium of television. The director, John Sturges, was an up-and-comer whose best years lie ahead. He recently started managing A-level movies, and has already proven himself as a skilled craftsman. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were in many different stages of their careers. Stanwyck's glory years were behind her, and yet she can still carry a movie, as she proves here. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of a dozen or so prominent men who, in the forties, began in films that have never been successful enough for him. He was a fine, low key actor, ready but in a top middle rather than in the higher class, who made him excellent in professional roles. As the escaped offender who is the only person who can save Sullivan's life (he is trapped under a pier and the tide rises), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This excellent actor had the misfortune to come to Brando and Clift for movies. He was in his way as good as an actor as one of them, but he didn't have charisma. His bargaining with Stanwyck, who comes on his demanding sex, in exchange for the salvation of her husband (implicitly, as it was in 1953), made for an intriguing point of view that, if it was a different kind of movie, everyone could all kinds of interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is indeed a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in her plays with him Stanwyck is more alive than she is with her husband and son. But since it is a formula image, not a Strindberg play, the possibility Stanwyck wants remains a flash, and the question of her husband's trouble is omitted - remains untapped. In this sense, the incoming tide does not have the effect one would have wanted, although the movie remains tense and highly entertaining, thanks to excellent acting, delicate photography, almost everything outside, and excellent direction by the army subordinate. Sturges.
