It's a great movie, it's very unique, and creative, with some great shots and great performances! All the characters are wonderful, and the story while bizarre is fascinating and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman is simply incredible in this! It is very difficult to describe this movie, because it is really bizarre, it is a comedy / romance, one minute it becomes the next one, but it was still very entertaining. Nicole's Russian accent was fantastic and extremely convincing. Chaplin and Kidman had great chemistry together, and I loved Vincent Cassel's performance! And some of the plot twists really surprised me! The end was very cute, and it is unpredictable throughout! Plus this movie is also pretty understated! You will feel sorry for Chaplin and the way he got hurt, and I thought all the characters were really nice, and the finals are especially good. It's Nicole's movie already, and she's wearing it with her amazingly sexy performance! It's a great movie, it's very unique, and creative, with some fantastic kicks and great performances! I recommend this one! The direction is very good! Jez Butterworth does a very good job here, with excellent camera work, solid angles and a fast pace! The Acting is wonderful! Amazingly beautiful, Nicole Kidman is amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very nice, had one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had great chemistry with Ben Chaplin and has a very mysterious character! , she was wonderful. (Kidman Rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is wonderful, he is very nice, had a cool character, had good chemistry with Kidman. The only thing I didn't like was that he took out his anger at Kidman, though what she did was wrong. I loved how he got revenge in the end! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes, he was OTT, but he was very intense and fairly villainous at times. This role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is OK here, but doesn't have much to do. The rest is good. Overall I recommend this one !! *** 1/2 out of 5
