I would highly recommend this movie! And I will personally recommend it to my friends and family, here and abroad! It was with excited anticipation that I just ordered it online, I enjoyed it so much! It's not until February / March 2008, but it'll be worth the wait! But first look and see it in the theater if you can. There's nothing like the cinema experience of a cinema movie! Insist that your local theater switch it on! I saw tonight, Seachd, the Inaccessible Pinacle, here in London, and was really impressed. It's a wonder: a truly beautiful movie located in the Scottish Highlands: you'll laugh, you'll cry, you will be moved in different ways, you will be intrigued, and as the story is revealed in the stories, You will be amazed at that revelation. <br /> <br /> This movie is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not detract from it if you are not a speaker of the Gaelic: I just started and my son did not. people tonight and it didn't spoil us! Superlatives are not enough! Photography is fantastic - there is no CGI here, and the movie is better for it - here you have true photography! The writing is so skilfully and subtly written. The polyhedron plot weaves the magical art of the old storytellers. The music is sometimes exciting, sometimes haunting, but always adds to the atmospheric atmosphere. And the acting? ... this is to see ... and the actors? ... they are the true weavers of this beautiful but profound film, especially the two main actors, Padruig-de-Jong and Padruig-de-Oder. A real beard, if ever there!), Both carrying a very heavy load! And the direction? Be aware of Richard now! And the producer, responsible for raising funding, learning key personnel, and arranging distributors? A job well done! I hope you will make sure that distribution to our communities goes abroad! And the Gaelic community? Owl without you could not have happened! We were told that this movie was made on a low budget, but you won't know it, and I think it may be because they could not make up for the wealth of the heart, which they might have had in money and the warmth and co-operation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> Thank you to everyone involved in the making and sponsorship of Seachd - Mòran taing! (Thank you!) From the Gaels to the world! From the world to the Gaels!
