To summarize this documentary in a few words is impossible. Every fiber of your body tells you this doesn't happen, just from the start of quick fire images, to the last shot of the clearance at Ground Zero, but every frame is real. The story was invented by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau Day") want to make a documentary about New York City Firefighters, starting with a "newbie" of the academy and following him through the nine-month probation to full celebrated firefighter. Looking for the help of their closest friend, actor James Hanlon, 36, an actor and firefighter at Station 1, Motor 7, the Naudets sifting through the "Probies" at the academy and finding one, Tony Benetakos of their documentary focus on. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the joke of jokes and slowly teaches the ins and outs of station life by members of this closed family. Firefighters have a superstition over "Probies." This is that they are either "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds", meaning that with the latter all kinds of fires follow the "Probie". The former means that very few fire activities follow, but one day there will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "white cloud." After a few initial growing pains, Tony came into the fireplace as if he were a seasoned veterinarian. Then the unthinkable happens. <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001 begins with a bright blue sky and an early morning call to look at a supposed gas leak not far from Wall Street. Because Jules had a small camera experience, Gideon gave a camera to his younger brother and told him to travel with the chief, T. K. Pfeiffer. At about 8:42, the firefighters arrive at their gas detectors. Then the sudden roar of what a low flying plane looks like, rides past the scene, and as Jules flushes up, we see the first strike of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 faces the North Tower of 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his men in the fire department and goes to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the head in the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to keep close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing disaster on the faces of men whose only purpose is to save lives begins. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fireplace and go to the impakar area. Once there, he takes the impact of the second plane, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows Jules is with headphones in the towers. Gideon looks and watches the crowd's response to the unthinkable, and begins with the growing fear in Lower Manhattan on tape. Within Tower One, Jules signs the last view of the world, or loved ones will love their sons, fathers, uncles, grandparents, men, boyfriends, friends, one by one, every fireman, who carries 60 lbs. are 80 stories to save and catch the injured. Jules also gets the last look that Chief Pfeiffer of his brother Kevin will have, as he leaves his selfless duty. Also captured on video is the sound of falling bodies that sleep from victims who prefer to jump from the higher floors above the impact zones, rather than death into the hands of the flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, never once does he take a sensational moment ... the money shot. His work is professional through his baptism of fire. He also sees garbage from two towers after being hit by the second plane and the orderly manner in which firefighters evacuate civilians from the building. Then Jules was caught in the collapse of the South Tower and the first official victim was taken: Father Michael Judd, the Chaplain for the Fire Department. Then, as Jules and Chief Pfeiffer make their way from the fall of tower two, tower one begins its structural collapse. <br /> <br /> What results are a breathtaking, pleasant view from Ground Zero, as Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Not knowing if either is alive, anyone who fears the worst. As every fireman arrives at the fireplace, they greet each other with joyful hugs to make it back. And in one moment of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Gideon are reunited. As Jules cries on his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother, as Hanlon makes the filmmakers the subject. There was a terrible moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with a former chief, was supposedly lost ... but returning to the fold, this Probie proved. <br /> <br /> Shown. With only three interruptions, 9/11 is a great achievement in documentaries. It stands with the Hindenburg footage to show history as it unfolds. The Naudets should be commended for their smart handling of the subject. In less hands, the tendency will be to the sensational, but the Naudets leave their eye on dignity and compassion. As described by Hanlon, we get the feeling of his words when he receives the audience through the events of September 11. Robert De Niro stays on the program in a bleak, limited way. He never looks for the camera for his own glory, rather he places the scenes you're going to see. I also recommend CBS for their bravery to air this special. They are criticized for their attempt to grab ratings, but they temper their editing to the emotions of the family of those who have been lost. It's a must have for anyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is. It's not about dribbling a basketball or selling an album of hate lyrics. 9/11 is about humanity at its best. Charity at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
