Super-glamorous entertainment with a star cast, an excellent script, and a solid grip on the approaching 1950s. At that time, RKO turned out the dozens of classic noirs. But whatever the value of those shadow-downers was, they quickly reflected a battle in the moods, relieving the sun climbs of the Eisenhower era. Few movies from the late 40's are further from that noir cycle or more to the upcoming consumer decade than this bad, little comedy. Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an advertising man on Madison Ave. True to his little daughter's words - he sells things to people they don't need, at prices they can't afford. He makes good money, but like thousands of others, he is tired of living in a cramped urban "cave". So, with wife Myrnah Loy, they strike their dream home in the wild of the Connecticutt countryside. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than they devise and hilariously. <br /> <br /> There is hardly a lifeless line in the whole script. I don't know if authors Panama and Frank have an Oscar, but they should. Of course, the humor revolves around all the problems that arise when urban people build a large rural house. The annoyances fall almost as fast as the bandage, with all the eccentric types running the construction show and Grant giving a hard time. Of course, no one is annoyed or frustrated by any more humorous than Grant, so it's just one well-placed laugh to the other, especially if the closed cupboard has a standalone thought. Still, oddly, the movie doesn't seem to have a comical highlight. Instead, the laugh is spoken so spaced that they do not keep up to date. It's a real movie triumph for any era. <br /> <br /> To come back 60 years later, we can see how fine the writing looks forward rather than behind. With their live maidservant, the Mixtures may not be a typical American family, but the post-war migration of cramped cities to suburban suburbs was typical. And what more suggestive work for upcoming consumerism than Blandings as an "ad-man" who gets the job of selling more "ham". More than anything, there is the movie's sunny optimism. Oh, yes, the feeling sometimes falls, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon when the blends just keep their dreams going, carry them through. Indeed, life will improve for many in the coming boom. So I expect the movie to be heard very strongly with the audience. It's that easily watched sub-text, along with the sheer entertainment value, which makes this movie an important comedy of the post-war period. <br /> <br /> So, if you haven't seen it, catch it next time.
