In the years after World War II, an unprecedented exodus of Americans who moved out of their homes in the suburbs came to the suburbs after World War II, where they could have their dreams of their own homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-authored by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this lightweight but surprisingly 1948 screw-ball comedy, gives the feeling of that period very well. Of course it helps to have a trio of expert farceurs ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and a particularly sharp Melvyn Douglas ?? Head the proceedings with their natural equality in conflict with rising home property frustrations. Although the film is now sixty years old, there is a timeless quality for the Blend's dream and the barriers they experience in reaching the movie. Clearly, Hollywood thinks this is because it has been rediscovered at least twice - first as a very physical Tom Hanks comedy, 1986's "The Money Pit", and again last year with Ice Cube's Are We Done Yet ?. A look at HGTV's programming schedule will show you how the situations explored here are still resonating today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with ad man Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters, clipped a two bedroom bathroom. Manhattan apartment. Instead of planning Muriel's idea of ​​upgrading the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a photo of a Connecticut house in a magazine and realizes it's where to move. With the help of an opportunistic estate agent and the advice of their lawyer and family friend Bill Cole, the Mixtures decide to buy a ramshackle house that is badly needed to repair. However, the foundation lies so badly that the house must be demolished in favor of a new one. It touches the Mixtures to push the architect to design such a house so that the second floor is twice the size of the first. Costs rise with every new complication, storms, and even a romantic triangle is suggested by Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities end themselves, but not before some funny slapstick scenes and clever dialogue that tweak the not-so-blissful ignorance of new homeowners. <br /> <br /> With its dual tasks and flawless line delivery, Grant is infallible in this kind of farce, and Jim Blandings embodies his more moderate mid-career characters. In a role originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was Hollywood's perfect wife. She doesn't get much of the more beautiful lines, but she combines her special combination of flight and salt to make Muriel an attractive character on her own. See how she properly manages the excessive domestic painter with her absurd idiosyncratic color palette. As a simple, pipe smoke bill ("Cole" Bill Cole), Melvyn Douglas shows his natural, easy-to-use Elan as Grant's foil. Smaller roles are expertly filled with specially memorable turns by Harry Shannon as the laconic gentleman Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as Jim's gracious assistant Mary, and Louise Beavers as the Blessings lovely girl Gussie. The 2004 DVD offers some interesting vintage material, including two radio versions of the movie - the first 1949 version that Grant and Dunne joined together and then a second 1950s version linking Grant to his then-wife actress Betsy Drake. A most suitable 1949 cartoon, "The House of Tomorrow" was also included to give us a comical tour of a futuristic dream home. The original theater trailers for ten of Grant's movie classics complete the extras.
