Japanese Tomo Akiyama's Keko Mask (1993) is extremely enjoyable garbage film and is so nice to watch! There are also some successors, but I didn't see them, as these movies are hip-scarce. Some kind of reissues will be a little day as I think many rubbish lovers want these movies. The tongue in the cheek story is about a very strict school in which teachers think it is good to torture students to achieve discipline, which, according to teachers, is most important in education. The school was led by incredibly funny looks (just look at the costume!) Human wizard / whatever, like the school principal, and it just adds to the camp that it never explains why he has such a costume no. teachers are usually dressed perfectly. Well, the main thing about the movie is the name Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and masked fairy that always comes to save the girls and students abused and tortured by the teachers! Yes, this superhero is an effective female as she kicks and fights the evil teachers with a totally cute soundtrack playing in the background. The most important thing, of course, is that she wears nothing but a canopy and a mask with the rest of her body naked! Her identity is never unveiled in these movies, and the credits say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the actors' names are listed! <br /> <br /> The most hilarious thing in this movie is how Keko Mask kills her enemies. She has a beautiful but deadly vagina! Yes, you read right. She kills her victims by flying in the air in front of them, spreading her legs and instantly charming the enemies of the view, then she flies closer and snaps their necks with her legs! The most common last line the characters say in this movie is like, "I've never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace." This movie is absolutely fantastic! <br /> <br /> There are also some big handrails to Japanese society, such as its attitude toward sex in movies (Japanese sensors are missing / blurring all the barbers in any movie) and also some limitations below school students (such as girls and boys may not be spoken in this film etc.) There is one big scene in which one nerd says the girl's naked one, which you see for the first time, says: "Hey, there is no miss. ! " I couldn't help but I thought what the Japanese sensors think about it. Also, one character says in the end that he will return, if Japan Films makes it possible to make the successor. I'm glad it's allowed, because I've heard that the successors are equally scandalous. One successor belongs to Blues Brothers (yes, that Blues Brothers!) To have. <br /> <br /> It's dirt in its most enjoyable, funniest and smartest form and that's why it's a bit of a shame that these movies are so hard to find. It would certainly be even greater experience if at some point it was moving a little faster, as it was getting boring at one point, but fortunately those segments were very few. This film must be seen to be fully believed because there are so many rubbish items I don't mention here and it won't even be necessary to tell them all here. If you want cans and movies made in the cheek with the tongue, I think you'll love this jewel like me, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Maybe the only movie in which a shiny vagina is deadly?
