I borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating, because I wanted to see how the crew managed to impress the presence of various worlds. In fact, they didn't - at least so it seems. Some have cut appearance in the movie rather awkwardly - that's what the majority of viewers think. However, the surprise comes to an end, and unfortunately, when most viewers have probably stopped this movie. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this movie means "Voyage in Death". This is the spoiler. <br /> <br /> That movie is about a young girl going ONLY on this boat (for reasons that are completely unclear), you only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think that the como appearances of strange figures are the "ghosts". But in reality, this movie is not like most other horror movies being told from the far-writer-viewer perspective, which can distinguish almost any level of reality from the young girl's perspective. We don't see her alone, but with the four friends because she sees them. We do not see that she is alone. So, the parallel worlds are not the cameo appearances flowing in the picture, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: The world in which the girl is and the world in which the 4 friends are. A third world burglary is probably the young man with the medical skills coming on the boat for a short while. <br /> <br /> I can't get rid of the deep conviction that filmmakers with this movie are cheating on an audience of several thousand people by letting them believe that what they did is more or less a sophomore movie student is having fast-paced "pseudo-actors" who spend at least twelve beers in a shower just before the start of the shooting. How wrong can one be! But in addition to this great surprise one learns in the last few minutes, the end that comes is another surprise. The girl is rescued by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she recovered from her shock, she visited the place again at the harbor where she had sailed the boat with the four friends. And there they are again! They turned her away from the boat, which is already offshore. She jumps into the water, arrives at the boat - and they are gone. Wonderfully beautiful. It reminds me a bit to the end of a poem by a Retoromance writer: When I woke up, I saw death on my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again, he was gone.
