In the voice of what the film is about, Hughie (Billy Connolly), a roadie for the big 70-year-old Strange Fruit group, said the reason lightning was taken at a rock festival to stop Strange Fruit's set was that God was sick of 70's excess. Indeed, it is popular to put that era of music, and see punk as a welcome antidote for it. While I was in agreement, the excess was exhausting (as well as the misogynistic urges that came from it), and like punk, I'm still a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this film about Alien Fruits says long, strange reunion is a loving tribute to those days. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons the movie works is the care of the people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directs WHAT LOVE TO DO IT, about Tina Turner (while experiencing difficulties with the dramatic parts of the movie, the music is very well handled), writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais put together the OBLIGATIONS and behind the music-oriented British TV show ABOUT THE RAINBOW, and the songs of Alien Fruit played, was written by Foreigner's Mick Jones (not confused with The Clash's Mick Jones), so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about. Also, two role-players are musicians in their own right (Bill Nye, I don't know, although the movie gets its own song, and it certainly looks like a lead singer of that era, while Jimmy Nail in another British TV -show that was music-oriented, though I forget the name and he was in EVITA), and the other is convincing about it. And while, as I said, many 70's such as Strange Fruit behaved poorly against women, the film didn't make the same mistake (except for the woman who follows Timothy Spall); As the manager of the reunion, Juliet Aubrey is very good and plays a completely rounded character. <br /> <br /> The other actors are also good, with special praise for Stephen Rea, who handles the more dramatic role without sentimentality. There are some plots that don't work, but in general it's pretty nice. Oh, and the music is good too.
