The funny yet rigid second-tier British glam rock group Strange Fruit breaks at the end of the wild 'wacky-exaggerated 70's. The individual band members go their separate ways and uncomfortably establish them in the dull middle-aged in the dull and inadvertent 90's. Music Reader Stephen Rea becomes relentless and, on his luck, in vain, neurotic, pretentious lead singer Bill Nighy (and failure) for a thundering solo career, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall stays in the dark on a remote farm so he can avoid pay a heavy tax back and the basic player Jimmy Nail installs roofs for a living. Former love group came patient, sensible, slow-paced driver, Juliet Aubrey, the group returned for bad advice, largely inefficient and hilariously disastrous twenty years later nostalgic reunion tour of Europe. Our beloved relaxed bunch tries to gamely, but fumblingly to reignite a flame that once burned very brightly in that day. Billy Connelly and the dazzling cup-of-guitar guitarist Hans Matheson struggled on the wonderful, difficult but ultimately rewarding ride. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Gibson shows a tremendous contagious respect and worship for both of his particular haunting characters in particular and out loud, lazy, flamboyant remaining preening 70's rock in general. It fed this loving little pipe with an extremely engaging feeling of generous charm and tireless pain. The clever, crisp writing of Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais also brushes with stainless white and finely perceptible moments of joy on the road, which affects a particularly bittersweet and often ceaseless vibe that glows the picture itself an irresistible glow. . Ashley Rowe's beautiful, elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks beautiful, while the perfectly striking and coarse music makes the trick with straight rockin flair and aplomb. Kudos also has the overall fantastic performances splashing and decorating the burnt soul, but still a fierce beating at the heart of a past, desperately desperate to regain his cunning glory in one final bid for great time success. All in all, this radiant and pleasing gemstone is highly regarded as one of the true serio-style sleepers of the 90's.
