It may be a bit wrong to make a review by describing a movie in terms of other films, but I think this is the best way to approach the place. Election in the gangster genre arena. It works somewhere between The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku's yakuza opus. The Yakuza documents (AKA battles without honor and humanity) are simultaneously romantic and realistic, dark and eager. But it is also a Johnnie To movie, and as such carries the clear touch of the Hong Kong author. <br /> <br /> Every two years the HK Triad chooses a new boss. Only this time, one of the candidates is not too happy with the result, so he decides to take matters into his own hands to the dismay of the rest of the Triads and the police. It's the story in a nutshell, but rest assured that it goes far beyond that. As in the Yakuza newspapers, there is a lot of twilight, playback and formatting and conversion of claims (sometimes it is just a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen recently) that may not necessarily make for deep drama but allow for an interesting plot and good character conflict. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in that aspect. Election is not as action-oriented as one would expect; although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the glamor, glamorous version of Hollywood violence. It's dark and grim. To brutalize the camera in the scenes of people in ways that reveal both humanity and inhumanity to the perpetrators and victims; After all violence is an integral part of us whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you're familiar with To's style, you need to know what to expect. The pace is relatively slow and deliberate. The cinematography is large, smooth and dark in equal measure, with dark colors (brown, dark green and orange), while the smooth tracking shots add a lively quality to it. In the end, the election holds a strange place. It's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. It explores a situation (its election and its aftermath), but does so in style and is realistic and romantic. (The Triad ceremonies in particular echoed an Eastern Godfather).
