It cannot be denied that Hak Se Wui (Choice in English) is a well-made and well-thought-out film. The film uses many clever pieces of identification that all the time play with modernity but still adhere to tradition? a whole movie theme. Where John Woo's Hong Kong films are actively packed and above their explosive content, as seen in Hard Boiled (1992), and when Hong Kong films are in rhythms to tell the story of the bad point of view, they can sometimes Stuttering and just getting uncomfortable, a good example is City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> Election is a movie that is memorable for the mere fact of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence done in a realistic and tasteful (if the right word) as well as the clever, small 'in pieces' of movies. It is difficult to see during the viewing, but Election is really built up in a kind of three action structure: there is the first point of concern about the actual election, and who is voted in is voted? Not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say is going. The second act is the retrieval of the ancient Baton from China claiming traditions, to be present at the inauguration with the last third the aftermath of the inauguration, and some characters come up with their own ideas on how to drive the Triads. Not too little; Certain events and twists occur during each of the three thirds, some are small and insignificant, while some are much larger and more spectacular. <br /> <br /> Election has errors with the majority coming in third place. To kill the time to take an election that only takes a few minutes to complete, was clearly a hard task for the writers and filmmakers and pointed to many points. I have the feeling that a certain scene just started somewhere before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone is arrested. It happens a few times: a fight breaks out in a restaurant, but the police are there and everyone is arrested. There is a secret meeting about the Triad strike, but police are coming up and everyone is being arrested. Some other Triads have a pre-election talk, but the police point out and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> Once the movie comes out of that grid I thought, it would use a holy rod as a plot device to make everyone move. The baton boasts some good-looking scenes like the chase of a truck after it was with a motorcycle, another chase with a motorcycle and a kung-fu battle with a load of melee weapons. a street? The screens are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I have said, they are tasteful. Where Election really rises, attention is paid to that fine detail. When the Triads are in jail, the bars are covered with wire, suggesting that they are caged all the way, as is how they behave on the outside when in conflict. Another fine attention to detail is the way in which the uncles use toast and not alcohol, which elevates themselves above other champions using champagne (The Long Good Friday), and also refers to Chinese tradition of celebrating tea to to celebrate or commemorate. <br /> Election is a good movie that is well-structured to enjoy and a movie that has a fantastic mise-and-scene when you look at what's going on. Some of the indoor settings and the clothes, as well as the buckets of style poured out like the search and chase for the bar, enhance. The inauguration is completely and very well integrated into the film like another short film; Hinting at Chinese tradition in the process. I feel the best scene is the final scene, as it sums up perfectly: two sly characters who already handle and debate the triads of the Triads remain realistic, unpredictable and violent: in a tasteful way, of course.
