For a slasher flick, this movie is actually better than a lot in the genre. It is predictably-resident nuts work going on killing people, people dying, yada yada yada. However, there are good positives in this movie. First, I really liked the mask that was worn. It is definitely unpleasant to say the least and possibly unique (although I did not watch every single movie), the origin of the bad result is something I have not seen. before and on the way he eventually comes to an end, is a new concept, as far as I know. I also had a lot of willingness about the arms of choice that Mr. sicko employed for most of the murders. The murders themselves are not as graphic as most in the genre, but it is a small concern. The movie does not take itself seriously, and it is something that most slashers suffer. Suffice enough, while watching the movie, I recall the early Friday the 13th movies that took themselves seriously. There are some concerns about this movie. In several scenes, the killer suddenly bears a resemblance to one of our horror icons. By this I mean his movements and his reactions to being shot, and also the way he walked. Of greater concern, however, is a scene very close to the end, where the gentleman carries a little more than striking resemblance (actually a complete finish) of another famous horror titan.and in the very last scenes, we our scumbag, again, look exactly like the 1st horror icon I mentioned. In fact, the last scene is almost a complete rip-off of another icon in the slasher genre. this scene was poor and original. Of course, the movie is in Australia, so if you are a chick with an Aussie accent (like me), you'll be in heaven. If you don't, as if it's just on you. Another good thing about this movie: beautiful Kylie Minogoue (don't just touch her) there is one non-Aussie accent, courtesy of Molly Ringwald. There are more reasons to look than not. I enjoyed it and had some fun. So, I need to give "8" Cut, which may look too high for some people.
