Twelve years ago, the production stopped at the "Hot Blooded" but almost all of them started dying. Now, a few film students have decided to complete the film, despite the rumor that the film is cursed. Well, they're about to find out that some curses are actually. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, every country apparently wanted to avoid cash in its success, even Australia. The concept, which was killed today (a slasher film within a treasure film) was relatively cool and original at the time. This movie was released for Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not good in the US, but in Australia). So it felt like the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us all got ready for the concept and since the movie wasn't even good, the movie became disastrous. Now, Cutting isn't the best beater ever, and it doesn't try. It knows it's a rip-off, and they even throw a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead. But instead of adding a few new and original twists to the story, they decided to hide about 80s bracts like 'Nightmare on Elm Street' and surprisingly, it actually works. The killer is very creepy and the mask is just a killer! And instead of killing the audience, they have created a very good and creepy atmosphere that keeps us in the touch of most of the movie. There are a few plot holes in the movie although I couldn't fully ignore it, the end being the biggest plot hole in the movie. Spoiler for; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, where the hell did they find the pressure they were showing in the final scene? It doesn't make sense to tell you. End of spoilers. In short, Cut is a beautiful, villainous biker with a stupid story, but I see it as one of the better Scream rip-offs that never made it big. I'm surprised this one never got a successor, but I think it just came too late. <br /> <br /> Exciting Australian bracts with very few horror stories. Cutting is still a pretty neat slasher movie and I would recommend this one, although I think the story is pretty stupid because it's totally ridiculous.
