When I think of the cutest, shameful pleasure-type movies, the first thing I think is a flash of 80's. Really bad bracts. The formal type of film, where all the necessary scripts were needed, was made up of 2 parts of blood and several parts of nudity. <br /> <br /> Flash forward to the late 90's / early 00's. The slasher movie was refurbished with the success of 1996's "Scream". As in the 80's, these films were formulas that suppressed lack of inspiration by marking themselves as "hip-tongue-in-cheek parodies" of the original slasher movie. From this recent blend of "hip parody" neo-slasher flicks, the only one worth seeing is the low budget, directly after video "Cut". <br /> <br /> Like most other "new" slasher flicks, "Cut" relies on the production of a slasher flick, in this case a fictional 1985 movie "Hot Blooded", for his comment to make the genre. "Hot Blooded" never finished production, because the murderer of the film's killer, Scarman, killed a naked figure with his mouth sore and dark, pupil-less eyes killed. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose professor was involved in the production, decided to go into the cellars, tap the original surviving actress and complete the film. But every time the movie is screened or a scene is shot, "Scarman" is returned and someone dies. To quote the tagline, will they complete the movie before it's finished? <br /> <br /> It all sounds really bad, and to some extent it's (really, there is such a thing as a good beater?). There is no character development (the "new" director is revealed as the daughter of the original director of Hot Blooded, whose life was apparently destroyed after the production was canceled. It would be a perfect detail to work into the plot, but it is never mentioned again) and, like all other slasher flicks, there are just too many bodies to surrender. The actors aren't big, even by direct-to-video standards, but most are fun with their characters (and for those who aren't, it is inadvertently acting as none of their characters wanted to work in the movie not "Hot Blooded", especially who was still lucky to play Scarman. "Cut" climax doesn't have a big "who dunnit" unmasking the killer as in the "Scream" movies. It does not have the gimmick murder of the "Urban Legend" movies. What it does have is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a "way in which we can write a successor when it sells well". <br /> <br /> At any meaningful reading standards, it's a terrible movie to be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre, and it makes it more enjoyable than any of the other neo-slasher flicks.
