As with all Angelopoulos films, "The Suspended Step of the Stork", a close and intimate participation on the part of the viewer implies a fact that certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogue is thrifty, without monologues or exchanges that leave the characters' inner conflicts, doubts or feelings outside. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional reactions, forcing them to investigate and study the characters' identities for themselves. Consequently, the acting is underestimated and implicit, as opposed to overt and explicit. <br /> <br /> The action scenes are set between long intervals of consideration, where the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate as an actor, by examining his or her own psyche. As in a novel, where the play entirely relies on the author's writing to provide a template where the reader's imagination and / or previous experience flourishes, Angelopoulos's drama rests in his images: his uses of the long shots , take the long, quiet pacing, the saved dialogs that have become his trademark, and request the viewer to experience the film from his or her personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, tins, sounds and music, if he believes words can only take us so far. <br /> <br /> The music, by Angelopoulos's long-time associate, Eleni Karaindrou, offers more than just a strategic backdrop, but becomes a dramatic element of the story itself. A large part of the film is made up of shots in subtle, muted colors, recorded in a winter lamp. Angelopoulos offers us a "other Greece," one other than the Greece of tourist brochures, with ethereal blue sky and emerald sea, drowned in an eternal sunshine. Here the clouds are covered and gray, the air is cold and foggy and the sand of pristine beaches has been replaced by the trampled, dirty snow of the village street. Angelopoulos's genius by Arvanitis's camera is on the scene throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "The Stork's Stopped Step" is above all a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. It is very concerned about the meaning of "borders" and with those who are the victims of the confusion between nations. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, the refugees, political or others, are being wiped out by the rest of humanity. They may be stuck at a political border, but unfortunately they still carry and hold on to, deeper frontiers: those of the languages, of customs and races. Although Angelopoulos's political views are well known, it seems that there is no political discourse on the causes of refugee duties. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to understand the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal boundaries. <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of the twentieth century Greece, and he likes to bring lessons from Greek myths into his discussions. In this film, he makes a border between Greek and Italian cultures. He draws from a combined Homeric and Dantish tradition of Odysseus's journey. Alexander is a Telemachus, looking for a story about an aging Greek politician / Odysseus who has disappeared, never heard again. This political man, a brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and inexplicably existed the consolation of his bourgeois, left his wife and his brilliant career to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest levels. He became a poet in exile and wondered how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexander like a father figure / Odysseus. As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grows as a human being during his odyssey. Of course, it is wrong to see a Homer's Odyssey redistribution in a contemporary context in the film. Angelopoulos draws on Odysseus's journey only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. In the end of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is more like the Dante's Odysseus: he doesn't leave for Ithaca, but continues, "carry a suitcase." And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or starting a trip to another place. He mentions so much, in a voice transfer at the beginning of the movie, paraphrases a few lines of Dante's "Inferno": "And don't forget that the time for a journey has come again. The wind blows your eyes far away. "<br /> <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme introduced during the film in the form of yellow-appropriate lines. They are going to improve things for their fellow human beings better. communication re-linking, and also the Christian figure of the "politician". In the last scene, these men in yellow again demonstrate the influence of Byzantine iconography in Angelopoulos' work. They appear as "stylites", religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, single and fiery men who occupied their residence on the pillars, in a form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The movie ends without a resolution on the true identity of the character Mastroianni played. Angelopoulos gives us no clues, and the woman's statement, "It's not him," is far from convincing and left unambiguous. The important question of the film is not whether he is politics or not, but that he can be the politician. But the film still ends on an optimistic note. While the wires stretched from poles to poles just along the river, communication across the border is not yet possible, and it remains impenetrable, noting that this final scene is taken from the viewpoint of the river: the camera has Crossed the border and inverted the inverters to Alexander and the viewer to follow the border. On this account, Angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow, some of the boundaries will eventually crumble.
