By the end of the forties, the era of the helicopter comedy was over, as films moved in a different direction, comedies and otherwise. With television threatening on the horizon, Hollywood will soon be in a very rough time. Where, one wonder, would movies be over if television didn't come together, or was his arrival on the scene delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Mixtures build his dream home offers one specific way the comedy might have evolved. <br /> <br /> Ad Man Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, live in a nice but too crowded New York City apartment. One day he gets the bright idea that it is fun to realize his dream of building a house in the suburbs. So he buys property in Connecticut and has one building according to its exact specifications. Well, hardly. Knowing the trouble he was in, he changed his mind. Then he might not be back. You decide. On this weakened appearance, a wonderful film comes out, full of conflict between the middle-class dream of owning a home and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring one. Nothing comes easy in this life, like Mr. Mixtures of leather; But one doesn't have to be miserable, just because things don't always go your way. After all, there is the long term. But, Mixes asks itself every few minutes, how long is it? <br /> <br /> This movie is a pleasure. This is not a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it is a worthy successor to their thirties photos. Perhaps it was an ominous thing to come if the advent of television did not change the cultural landscape so radically. . There is real warmth in the picture, and much of (W.C.) Fieldsian hard-edged reality works periodically, but not so much to leave a bad taste. The people in the film are all very clever and prosperous, but definitely of the professional upper middle, not the rich upper class. <br /> <br /> Leaders Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play Mr. A wife. Mixtures to perfection. ; while Melvyn Douglas is good as their pragmatic lawyer friend, who often has to deliver unpleasant issues, such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful sense of what, for a better term, calls the romance of suburbs, which were in its infancy in its infancy, seeing the forest and streams that people are going to land in the first place. These people are definitely fish from water in the then largely rural Connecticut. In a few short years things will change, as the mad rush to the suburbs would be in full swing and the pastoral innocence that had been in the small towns for many years. It would soon be connected by the highways, with bottles and tins, their effluvia rivals anything that one would experience in the city.
