"In the world of Kung Fu movies, where revenge photos have become a dozen, it did a lot for a movie to stick out - and even more to make it a favorite favorite over the years. Chang Cheh's best film still affects the Hong Kong movie industry, from the loyalty, fraternity and revenge themes explored by John Woo (who she started in the HK movie industry for Chang) during the boom of heroic bloodshed in the late 1980s , to more modern movies such as a man called hero, who inspires a character in a costume inspired by this film, which has also influenced other areas, from music such as the Wu-Tang clan, TV ads for Sprite and video games such as "Mortal Kombat." So, what makes this movie so special? The plot - on the surface - is pretty simple. It deals with members of a crook group known as the "Gift Clan "looking for treasure hidden by their screening. All the joints e of the c Lan have extraordinary kung fu abilities, indicated by their animal styles, or "venom" (the lizard can climb walls, the scorpion has a deadly strike, etc.). The turn is because the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the other is. So a simple plot almost becomes a voltage player. We're not talking about the usual suspects here, but it's far above many other kung fu movies of the time. Gold Harvest was apparently not too happy with Chang's screenplay - like most of his movies, they felt it was too dark and violent - and they really wanted to add broad comic relief to it. Thanks, Chang kept on holding his guns and kept up with his original script, which has since worked as one of the best for the films of his time, if not ever, completing an almost perfect dramatic arc and the perfect backbone for the extraordinary action rows. <br /> <br /> But what really strengthens the movie is the poison itself. Chang Cheh strikes a magical formula with the cast - not only did he find talented martial artists (whose movements, without the help of threads or other special effects, have most modern martial artists ashamed), but also good actors. The formula was so popular that Chang usually had one or more of the toxins in his later movies. To go back to things at hand, in most former school movies, the actors look like cardboard cuttings, but here the actors actually create characters. Everyone seems to have a favorite poison (mine is Philip Kwok - best known for many as Mad Dog of Hard-Boiled - as Lizard) and it is this personal connection with the characters that generates the five deadly venues that make it a true classic of the genre. Even if you are not usually a fan of former school movies, you should look out for the Five Deadly Venoms, if you want to see nothing else where modern movies get their inspiration. '
