Of all the kung-fu movies made over the years 70 and 80, it is one that developed a true cult sequence. With the exception of all the movies that Bruce Lee has played in this movie, it's a movie that has been the test of time and it's because of the unique story. An obsolete kung-fu master tells his last pupil Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five pupils he has trained in the past. All five worn masks and no one saw the face apart and they were all trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they adopted such as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Path and Scorpio. The master called them the gifklan and he doesn't know what happened to them, so he wants to find Tieh and help those who do good to stop the others who are angry. An old man who once was a member of the gifklan has a map where he hid a lot of money and he looks like he's a target. Tieh does not know what it looks like, so he must mix in society and try to find out who they are. Tieh discovered that the snake Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) is and along with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) who is the Centipede, they kill a family to find the map. A map is found by a mystery man who appears to be the Scorpio, but knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murders with his mother Chow (Chien Sun). Sin called a friend Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the Road and they know each other's identity. The Snake bribes local officials to tackle the murders of Li Ho and while in jail, he is tortured and murdered. When Sonde finds out, he haunts Tieh and together they go to fight Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This movie was directed by Cheh Chang and he was a very special director when it comes to these movies. Chang wasn't your run of the mill kung-fu director and his films always had a special quality for them. While most martial arts dealt with films, Chang didn't use it as a central theme. Although revenge in this story later, this film is more complex than that. Five men are trained in different ways by the same master and wear masks. Then they are all in the same area and don't know who the other is. Very unique story makes this movie different from the others and most of Chang's stories were all in class. I wouldn't put it exactly in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a global icon and the martial arts he exhibited were more authentic. This movie still has impossible facts such as clinging to the sides of the walls and blowing all of the air, but this movie is not necessarily about combat scenes. It's more about the plot of the story and the characters involved. This alone makes it different from all the other kung-fu movies. Well done with a unique story.
