It's definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever, and can be one of the best movies ever ... It has a good plot that works like a puzzle, with lots of intrigue and excitement. This movie is full of cat and mouse games and deceptions, with people hiding their identity and their nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than your average kung fu movie characters. They are all interesting and compelling and the film does a good job of giving them scenes to show their personality and desires. <br /> <br /> The fighting scenes play like little stories and many of them are very original and exciting. It has cool training sequence and martial arts skills that are so wonderful, they enter the fantasy area. There are 5 members of the gifklan each with its own style that mimics the special skill of a poisonous animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in training during the film. When this happens, the director quickly uses back the exercise to draw a parallel. These tracks are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and the whole thing works really well. <br /> <br /> One thing about this movie that is very original is the way it deals with death. Director Chang Cheh was, of course, very concerned that the film was not trivializing death. This makes the screens in the movie much more effective. We really care when people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera is hanging on to the dead, even when the bad people are killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are really gutwrenching. When characters are looking for revenge, you really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, it's also a fun movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is bad dubbing, The characters are willing to fight the drop of a hat. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the behavior of the characters is incredibly unrealistic. All this just adds to the greatness of the movie. <br /> <br /> And don't forget that this director was a visual image. stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this movie now, you'll see that the technical skill on the screen is virtuous. Everything goes so fast (due to the fast cut style and the fast camera movements of the genre), it's easy to see how beautiful the movie really is. The lighting and composition are sometimes spectacular. The camera work and movement is extremely sophisticated with very interesting quick editing ... In the screens depicting tension and intrigue, Hitchcock suggests moving about twice the speed. Chang Cheh was truly a master craftsman and artist who knows his genre and has been able to produce important material while working within the limits. He does not scold the boat of the kung fu genre movie, but subtly penetrates his skills every scene and every shot and greatly adds to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who still influences many people. <br /> <br /> This is the real package a Kung Fu movie delivers on every level. It's art, it's trash, it's emotionally moving, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but doesn't let the morality get in the way of good action. I recommend it to everyone whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
