When it came out for the first time, this work was widely criticized by the Meysels brothers and even judged as exploitation. Fortunately, it is now considered a masterpiece of documentary theater, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in what is real-world television and the bad evolution of most direct theater. <br /> <br /> First of all, we have to say it's not really cinema, it's more cinema. The difference between the two is very small, but it is mainly the fact that in this documentary we feel the presence of the Meysels brothers, and they interact with the characters filmed. It also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. The girls are allowed in the house, and they are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household. And Edith and Edie just like the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing, but only a voice of God narration and shallow interviews was shown. Here we are given a full portrait of the madness of the house, a madness that looks good with both Edie and her mother Edith. Their home is a mess, rubbish and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture across the house, and the constant battles that are constant interactions of reality. These two people lived their whole lives together and didn't fight for the camera because they wanted attention, but rather because they couldn't help talking to each other. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings. There is no need. Eventually, although they blame each other for their lives, they love each other very much. Edie says she doesn't want her mother to die, because she loves her and Edith says she doesn't want Edie to leave her because she doesn't want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the movie is that, regardless of their age, the two women can't help being girls. They can't help being one of the singers, the other the dancer. Show all their artistic skills to their camera. When Edie David Meysels asks rhetorically: "Where have you been my life?" She is really happy that she eventually shows the whole world and her wonderful showgirls skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic interest and a charm that is highly unlikely to ever be seen again, just as the little ones and few others can do.
