"Cypher" is a clever design story about industrial spies that occur in America in the not too distant future. While not thematically complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, ruthlessness and corporate conspiracy. To some extent, this film also tries to modern business groups and companies as indifferent to the risks their contract workers take on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a somewhat mediocre salaried employee, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who applies to the Digicorp group to work as a shelter operator. After an initial briefing with the security head of Digicorp, Sullivan is then given a new identity (Jack Thursby) and sent to a business conference to record the speeches of various spokesmen on the marketing strategies of each of their respective companies. After successful completion of his first assignment, Sullivan / Thursby is being sent on further missions to obtain the same kind of information previously gathered. But on one of his "business trips," he accidentally walks into a woman named Rita Foster (Liu), whom he met on his previous mission, and from there things go extremely fascinating. The implications of a deadly conspiracy involving Digicorp's espionage program are emerging, and Sullivan is forced to enter deep coverage at one of Digicorp's main competitions, thus becoming a double agent involved in intense rivalry between the two companies . <br /> <br /> (SPOILERS END HERE) <br /> <br /> What I liked most about this movie was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in many of the screens. Vibrant lighting is mainly used in domestic / household settings, while many shadows and dark colors are used for fraud and coverage settings. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northam. Not too often, I stared him in the lead, and the fact that he was playing a disillusioned married man straight from Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think he is one of the many actors in the industry who no longer had challenging roles. Lucy Liu was also incredibly part of her and showed the movie his real clothes and dagger. In addition, the rest of the supporting role-player has done an excellent job, but my only complaint was that some characters could be more investigated to make the plot a little more complicated. For example, I would like to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had a more intimate relationship with his second "wife". Overall, it's a cleverly developed clothing and dagger story that keeps you close to the guess of personal and professional loyalty, and whether anyone can be trusted throughout the movie. With a smart and stylish soundtrack and excellent camera work, this movie offers a frightening look at how companies can function in the near future. I am surprised that I have never looked at this "hidden gem". It's a brilliant, not overly intricate spy thriller, and that's why I give it a 9 out of 10.
