Cypher is a clever, effective and ominous film that delivers. The good point of departure is well presented and its content is effectively presented, but also in a way that demands the genre. Although one can immediately name the film a science fiction, there is a little more to it. It has, of course, scientific fiction features, but the film looks like a noir / detective feel to anything else that really adds the story. <br /> <br /> The movie generally plays as if it were a kind of nightmare; thus building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure of what exactly is happening, we are never sure why certain things actually happen and we are not quite sure of certain people, similar to a dream? the ambiguity prevails over us all? hero included and I didn't see it, so pulled into a movie in such a way, Terry Gilliam's Brazil burst. With the honesty mentioned earlier, Cypher introduces him with elements of horror, as well as detective, noir and science fiction that gives the feeling that there is something for everyone and integrates his elements well. <br /> <br /> There's also a spy on the movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery that surrounds just about everyone is at least the biggest problem, and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), which is supposed to look femme fatale, can be less threatened than everything happens To the hero: People who actually look like friends are not, people who say they help and actually look harmless are actually more deadly than they seem. In spite of a lot of conversion of things around, the plot turns a few times and follows orders that are transferred in a way to make them look like the world will end if they are not executed; The one thing that looks the most dangerous is a romantic link or connection to Lucy Liu's character? and she is trying to help (!) The film holds the feeling of two sides in the fight against espionage, espionage and the building up of its employees and opponents. The whole thing is playing like some mini-Cold War; something similar to the US and the US. In their war with the word's boom time, it really goes through the black, pale, often CGI-cluttered screen I've been glued to. <br /> <br /> What was also quite interesting and was a pleasant pleasant touch. Was the travel shot shot of certain US states made to look like computer microchips as our hero flies to and from his mentioned destinations? Significantly then the more he acts on his and Foster's own motivation, this sequence disappears because he breaks away from the computerized, repetitive, controlled life he is told to live and branch. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say it looks like the first Jason Bourne movie, just put into the sci-fi genre, doesn't cut it enough, but you can see the similarities; despite being released both in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there seems to be something for everyone in this movie and if you can see the staggering end that some people can predict successfully, you will find the movie yourself.
