This is actually a good thing. Sean Connery retired James Bond because I'm sure he can't stay in the espionage business, where fast cars are replaced by hi-tech brainwashing techniques. to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a fairly inventive Sci-Fi thriller that often causes feelings of anxiety and claustrophobia, despite being totally unconditional. You know the tendency in these types of movies: nothing is what it looks like and just when you think the intricate plot has been caught up, the writers make sure you bring in a new twist that confuses everyone. The events in "Cypher" take place in the most prominent areas of the computer world, where big companies do not really differ much when stealing each other's thunder. Digisoft company spends millions of people brainwashing people, giving them a new identity just to infiltrate them as spies in their biggest competitor, the Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, are constantly trying to unmask the Digisoft rats and re-use them as double spies. Between this whole non-profit business, Morgan Sullivan stands; a seemingly colorless thirty-something employee chosen by Sebastian Rooks (the über spy) to alleviate the secret policies of both companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it sounds and director Vincenzo Natali (the man of "Tube") takes his time to introduce all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film reminds him of the unfortunately understated John Frankenheimer jewel "Seconds" ?? starring rock hudson ?? as it also deals with the removal of identities and the drastic change of your former lifestyle. Even the bits appear to come straight out of the 60-year-old movie, with many empty white rooms and ominous corridors that one day look. There is also very good action and excitement, especially when Morgan soberly senses the Digisoft team inspecting the results of their brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The middle part of the film goes a bit, mainly because you already realize it is all building up in the direction of multiple deceptive plots, and I was hoping for a slightly more grim portrayal of the distant future. Jeremy Northam was thrown perfectly and the adoring Lucy Liu is convincingly secretive as the foxy lady who seems to be his side. Regular Director's Choice David Hewlett has the most memorable supporting role as ignorant eccentric South African engineer Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well made and adrenaline rushing Sci-Fi entertained, highly recommended for people who want to use their brain capacity fully from time to time.
