This is a wonderfully imaginative, low-budget Sci-fi movie by cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film plays like an intersection of Phillip K Dick with Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the film takes a unique feel like nothing you would have seen. The movie is excellently shot, I love cinematography, it feels fresh and original. Plot shows the movie similar themes to movies like Total Recall, Dark City and the Matrix and its beautiful Sci-Fi material. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban man who is bored with his life and has decided to take a job as a spy for Digicorp, a major technological corporation. He initially met a recruiting officer on board Sullivan and instructed him on what to do. It basically involves going to conferences of competing companies and recording them via a satellite transfer device disguised as a pen. It also means that he has to accept another person and keep it a secret from his wife. After his first job, things become strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ, and he suffers pain in his neck and headaches, as well as nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by an intriguing Lucy Liu.) He takes on a direct appeal. But when he goes into his next job and sees her again, she reveals herself as an agent of some kind who reveals that his work doesn't seem exactly what it looks like. He later finds that he and the rest of the people attending the conference are working for Digicorp. The conferences were all covered to enable the company's men to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose alternative name is Jack Thursby, has received an antidote to Digicorps drug abuse and while the rest of the spies are drifting into the latest conference that looks like a brain-dead daydream while the speakers are getting drunk (the speakers are already sending the servants to sleep via subliminal messages.) Suddenly, the lights of the rooms are switched off and Digicorp workers come into the shining lights in all the occupants' eyes to make sure they are not aware and then bring in a reasonably nightmare situation they head for every member who sends Brain and Brain Messages the precipitants to believe they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and creates personalities and lives for these people while deleting their own existence. Sullivan now has to pretend he is completely Jack he's now Jack Thursby. Digicorp wants to steal information from its competitors Samways and they want their own puppets to do so. They now effectively control what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samways seizes Sullivan and discovers that he's not brainwashing, they decide to use him as a pawn to explore Digicorp, make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp Thursby has sent them to work its way to Samways and work its way on the system until it can get into a situation to load important company information that the company can close. Samways realizes he has been planted and decides to play with Digicorp and allows Thursby to infiltrate their database, but they will give Digicorp a dodgy disk that will destroy their system. The plot is turning and turning, as both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He sits in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery while trying to figure out why she helps him. When a mysterious third party becomes involved, the person is revealed that Foster is working. Sullivan has to decide if he should go to this freelance agent, who can guarantee a new life and safety or with one of the companies he works for. The tension builds up to a stonking climax, as it seems as if everyone wants to have it as soon as its usefulness expires. The throw is great. Northam is wonderful and the subtleness of his performance is excellent. He brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change, as his character from Sullivan changes to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy out of faith and her presence gives a great dynamic to the movie because it seems strange, but works because of that fact. The rest of the movie is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose previous film was the cult classic sci-fi flick Cube, has a true visual flair. He also fits the movie so well and gave it a good look. For a low budget movie, it has some imaginative visual effects and although the CGI is not good, it never starts too much of a mid-piece to negatively effect the film. The movie really brings feelings of The Matrix and other great sci-fi movies, it's there with them. The plot is confusing at times, but in truth it helps in a movie like this, it's where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is visible. The film constantly works out what is going on and really surprises as it goes. It is generally an obvious cult classic and I can see it is incredibly popular when released in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
