Was it based on a comic book? A video game? A drawing by a 3 year old? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie to be taken seriously; not the characters, not the dialogue, not the plot, not the action. Nothing. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals who, like preschool children, Stallone's resilience of freezing weather, are so stupid that sometimes it's almost hilarious, and so on. Even the code name that the bad guys use is stupid ("tango tango"). A movie that is entertained by some tension, good action sequences, and a beautiful snowy mountain setting. Oh, and the unintentional humor. <br /> <br /> The film opens with a very bad and unconvincing gay banter between our happy and happy characters who obviously have a "swelling" time. Then come a sweat-inducing failed rescue rescue, which has to make everyone with fear-or-height problems want to pull their hair out. And then we have some worse dialogue, and then some more good action. It's the rhythm of the movie in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Stallone's melodramatic exchange with Turner, when they meet for a long time, is so lax, so choppy, so fake and so severe that it must force a chuckle from any self-respecting viewer. Shortly after this show of terrible dialogue writers, we are witnesses of a spectacular and outstanding shot of an airplane. The whole action is one big absurdity, but it's relentlessly fun at its best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the aircraft scenes are truly the highlight of the movie. After the landing, our master criminals are looking for a guide and ending with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to collect the first money, but somehow they do everything to make it as difficult as possible to achieve it; they take most of his clothes off (so he can freeze) and they won't give him the equipment he needs (so he can fall). DO THESE GOODS MAKE THE MONEY OR NOT? Very stupid. Apparently, they don't trust Stallone, but they are sure they can always position him by using Rooker as a hostage. Nonetheless, our gangsters make Stallone's climb difficult, rather than at least showing logical reasons to us at least how really angry they are - there is no doubt. And for those who still doubt how bad the bad guys are, they surpass, boast and sob in a really bad way. Everyone's convinced? Good. You'll be better. Otherwise, the authors will fill in a mass execution of twenty schoolchildren just to make sure the evil of the bad people is clear to everyone. <br /> <br /> The old man flying the helicopter ... How did he fall for the fall? First, he must be warned by the MTV airway over the criminals. Second, he must have heard Stallone's and Rooker's voices on the walkie-talkies. A whole bunch of idiotic oral exchanges are taking place, with Lithgow having the dubious honor of getting the most of the stupid. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I didn't even start climbing on your back." Or, Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had a deal, but now we just have one another!" And as for Lithgow's gang killers: these guys never seem to kill right away. They are very creative about it; They philosophize, pretend to play football with your body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone wrote this thing. I had no idea what drugs he was doing when he did. I hate to think the writing is so bad because of a low IQ.
