This film focuses on four criminals being locked up in a prison, escaping from their cell, hoping that a mysterious book of black magic, written by a former prisoner in 1920, was named Danvers. He wanted to use spellings to keep his skin young. <br /> <br /> Carrère's (Gerard Laroche) criminal business tactics (shortcuts) ended up in jail with three oddball waiters. A transsexual brute Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus' love key Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eats objects he touches (and is in prison to eat his six-month-old sister) and obeys his charge as if he were his mother and the learned Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or eat breakfast (the last is that he killed his wife at that time of day). The film follows Carrère as he reads from the book, and tries to understand what he hopes to get out of his jail. Carrère loves his child, and for a while believes his wife will get him on bail early. When she betrays him, Carrère slowly starts to hate, and longs to see and love his beloved son. Carrère's toughest critic is Marcus, who longs to be completely feminine, while still folding into various male features, such as working out and leaking. He talks tough and uses his muscle as a kind of fear tactic, though deep within a world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under Marcus's control and acts like a dog to his master. There is even a frightening scene where Pâquerette breastfeeding Marcus breasts! Lassalle is an unraveling mystery, which opens up to us to slowly understand its rear motifs and which lies within its possible sinister brain. Clearly intellectual, and with possible secrets of the other, Lassalle is actually the one who keeps the motivation to follow the secrets of the book. Soon those who do not have a threat to the book will seek their "true" escape, not so much of the four-walled cell, but the cell that imprisons their true desires. After a certain murder, the book was thrown out of the room with a very fascinating character entering the movie with a camcorder as if it were a new resident. Who is this person and how does he understand the power of a book, and better still, how to use it? A constant in this movie is every one of the prisoners who are seen regularly while they see their window just out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I had the opportunity to watch this movie. It plays like 'Monkey's Paw', gets the characters they desire, but a price must be met. There are gore in the movie, exciting moments of graphic violence, but in my opinion it is a story-driven story first. The gore is a product of what unleashes the book. One of the groups twists his limbs while suspended in the air, while a creepy opening law leaves the massacre in the wake of one's desire. We see Danver's fate at the end, with a wonderful special effect sequence on a baby who melts away. Lassalle's fate is a masterful effect sequence. I would say that Maléfique has always paid attention to Eric Valette's good direction, and because it is such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a single place, the jail cell) it never seems to drag. I think it's a test for interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story using supernatural to manage them.
