If you are one of those who recognize such arcane titles as "Book of the Dead", "Book of Eibon" or "Necronomicon," you should feel at home with Malefique, a film that also contains occult toms. , one with the power to change the fate of all concerned. Discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell, the horrible object in the wall was placed there by Danvers, a ceremony retrieved in the 1920s. a man who was busy with rejuvenation and the black art before he suddenly disappeared. Searchers of the book are Carrère (Gerard Laroche), a company blackmailer who, by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who is striving for a woman, but also a recreation plan, the half-white Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who once his baby sister ate, and the "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac) was thought to be angry by reading, which his wife murdered. Lassalle remembers the viewer of Vleis Loaf's equally bizarre, cunning man in Fight Club (1999). Lassalle starts as the dominant member of the quartet, one that is particularly protective of the infantile Pâquerette. However, with the advent of the book, and the overall need to decipher its dangerous content, Marcus takes greater and greater significance. With the first assurance of an early bail, Carrère is taking more than academic interest in events. Suddenly he also needed an urgent escape and as the prisoner experiment, Danvers's book began to reveal some of his terrible powers ... <br /> <br /> Mostly staged in a prison cell and between four and five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air that is perfectly suited to his subject (as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then to the conclusion do we solve the boundaries of the cell, an essential opening that is intended only to emphasize the doomed, closed character of proceedings elsewhere. More than anything, it's a movie to be trapped, either as a victim of your criminal past or of occult events now unfolding. "I'm going to escape," said Carrère at the start of the film, who wants more than anything to join his wife and son. Whether he does or not, it will be at a terrible price, and the big irony of the movie is that the ultimate form of "escape" may not be one that one can imagine. <br /> <br /> With all its budget constraints it is very important for the director of Eric Vallette, the director of the first time, that his film succeed so well. As critics have noticed, it's a movie with strong Freudian overtones - Lassalle's distinctive mammals and adult breastfeeding, for example; the picture of a vagina that comes to life and develops an eye; the grown man who picks up a fetus; Danvers' original placenta fetish; the dark cell as a primitive uterus from which 'delivery' is awaited, etc. With so many interesting aspects of the writing, Vallette hardly puts a foot wrong and he manages to create a truly disturbing atmosphere out of what, when one comes down, it's just a matter of four guys, four stacking chairs, one folding table and one. a book. There is a real, growing, Lovecraftian frisson as the men call the inimitable darkness out of his pages, while one or two moments - the aforementioned shining vagina, or ultimately happening to Pâquerette - are unpleasantly reminded. The pacing of many of the dark events in Malefique is deliberately, rejecting the rapid cut of many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often swaps the horrible look in favor of quick action and gore. Perhaps it is a particularly European way, as one reminds a similar, measured approach to shocking hallucination in films like Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film that also shares a particularly nasty image with a passing eye. /> <br /> Well done in 1.85: 1, Malefique took advantage of excellent performances and, if at least for this viewer, was not so clear, the trip to the final shot was worth taking. As soon as the release of similar good received Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), it is another reason to be grateful that good horror movies are coming out of the French industry again, after a time when it seemed came the only valuable product coming from Asia
