Good horror movies from France are pretty scarce, and it's pretty easy to see why! When a talented young filmmaker releases a staggering new movie, he emigrates to glorious Hollywood right away after pointing out the big glass of another big movie club! How can France build a solid horror reputation when their grandchildren leave the country after just one movie? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic movie, and director Alexandre Aja earned a ticket to the United States to improve "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did tremendously). Eric Valette's long-acting debut "Maléfique" was also a very promising and exciting horror image, and he has also been involved with Hollywood to direct the remake of Takashi Miike's ghost story hit "One Missed Call". So there you have it, two very gifted Frenchmen who will soon no longer make a movie in their native country. "Maléfique" is a simple but effective colder that requires patience because of its slow start, but once the plot develops properly, it offers tremendous atmospheric stress and a handful of wonderful special effects. The movie is almost entirely in one place and only introduces four characters. We are inside a ramshackle French prison cell with four residents. The new arrival is a businessman sentenced to do time for fraud, the elderly and the "wise" prisoners murdered his wife sadistically and then there is a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped son to complete the strange foursome . They find an ancient magazine in the wall of their cell, which is part of a sick murderer in the 1920s who specialized in black magical rites and supernatural ways to escape. The four prisoners start preparing their own escape plan using the bizarre formulas of the book, just to realize the occult is something you shouldn't waste? Eric Valette spends the time on the character drawings of the four main characters, which occasionally result in redundant and boring subtotals, but his reasons for this are evident in the horrific climax, when the book suddenly appears to be a kind of Wishmaster - device. "Maléfique" is a dark film, with trucks of claustrophobic tension and various winding details about human behavior. Look ahead to a rich US production company deciding to restore it with four attractive teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
