French horror theater has experienced something of a revival over the past few years, with big-screen movies such as Inside and Switchblade Romance. Maléfique only slightly preceded the revival, but is head and shoulders about most modern horror titles and is surely one of the best French horror movies ever made! Maléfique is apparently shot at a low budget, but in much more ways than one of the film's originality, it is complemented by the excellent writing and acting that make the movie a winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The central character is a man named Carrère, who is sent to jail for fraud. He is put in a cell with three others; the silent, crazy Lassalle, the transvestite Marcus and his delayed boyfriend Daisy. After a while in the cell, they stumble upon a hideaway in the wall that contains an old magazine. After part of it was transferred, they soon realized their magical powers and realized they could use it to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting subject, and I'm actually surprised that there are no more movies based there, as there are so many possibilities to do that. It is fair to say that Maléfique makes the best of his assets, despite his limitations. The movie never really feels held up and runs well all the time. Director Eric Valette offers a good atmosphere for the film; The fact that most are in the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and offers the central idea of ​​the prisoners who use magic to break out of the cell, many benefits. It is very easy to get behind them! It is often said that the unknown is the thing that really scares people, and this film proves that the director assures us that we can never really be sure of what exactly is, and it helps to ensure that Malefique actually manages to be quite scary! The film is unforgettable for many reasons beyond the central plot; The characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes its own character is very well done. Anyone who is worried that the movie will not deliver at the end will also not be disappointed as the termination of both makes and manages to be quite awful! Overall, Maléfique is a really great horror movie and one of the best of the decade - highly recommended to watch!
