"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective with nothing more than a well-executed plot and lots of heart. His site has no recognized names, it doesn't have a big budget and it certainly has a shortage of visual effects; but it all compensates with an intelligent and well-written script, an effective cast and the vision of a director more focused on telling the story than delivering cheap tension. Eric Valette may not be a well-known name, but with "Malefique", his debut of the distinctive length, he proves he is at the level of contemporaries such as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The movie is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with many different backgrounds, but one single goal: to get out. Carrère (Gerard Laroche) is captured after being found guilty of a multi-millionaire fraud; his boyfriends, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mentally challenged Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), are all found guilty of murder and give Carrère a cold welcome. Their personalities will clash, as Carrère discovers an ancient book describing how a former prisoner escaped with black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a wonderful mix of dark fantasy and horror in a way reminiscent of Clive Barker's stories. The strongest point of the movie is the way it builds the characters. They all have very complex and different personalities. A lot of tension and tension comes from their constant clash of personalities. The story's supernatural element is treated very well and gives the film the feeling of reading a Gothic novel. In spite of a movie of four men locked in a room, the movie never gets boring or tiring. The isolation of the group increases the sense of distrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette makes a great use of atmosphere, mood and his role in giving life. Despite his obvious lack of budget, he made a brilliant film that was original, fresh and very attractive. Its subtle and effective camera work helps make the movie dynamic, despite its single location. The slow tempo that unfolds the film is excellent to create the heavy atmosphere of isolation and the film bases its plot. The very few exhibits of special effects have been very well done, and Valette deals with the quantity of quality in the few but spectacular scenes. <br /> <br /> The characters are what this movie works, and the cast definitely earns a bit of credit. Gerald Laroche is excellent as Carrère, a man who is first innocent but who conceals a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. But Clovis Cornillac, who steals the show with his performance, is Marcus, a violent and disturbed man who wants to be deep inside. The characters are excellently developed and the role players make the most of them. <br /> <br /> The movie is great, but it's not without its share of mistakes. Of course, the most notorious is the low budget. Some of the CGI effects are slightly poor compared to the effective makeup and prosthetics used in other scenes, but this is never too bad. Probably the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that at the end it looks steam if it focuses on the supernatural black magic rather than in the characters, not too much of a bad thing, but the end may seem weak from the point of View. <br /> <br /> Anyway, "Maléfique" is one of those great horror movies recently released by France and one that deserves more recognition. Valet is definitely a talent to follow as this modest (though complex) story of the supernatural proof of his abilities. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8/10
