The influence of Halley in Adrienne Shelly's "I'll take you there" is not open, but clearly has links with his work. (Shelly acted in two of Hartley's films.) Not only does her movie leave a very hard story, but the hyphenated and extreme characters give human emotion a very real light. Although this film is not ironic (thank God), the small and subtle irony that the pepper carries out, refers to the bitter truths in love and loss. With beautiful cinematography and a soundtrack straight from the seventies, "I'll see you there" is a great indie movie that doesn't bump into postmodern irony if you deal with the misery of love and the reality of human emotion . <Br /> <br /> The movie begins to fall with Bill's life. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray a beautiful mansion, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in the retreat. Everyone's excited, Bill Wallows in his own gloom and punishment until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelly) brings him all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for her traumatized brother. <br /> <br /> The unwilling Bill tries to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him with no choice. Certainly, Bernice's initial superficial attitude and ridiculous hairstyle detracts from her ability to rebound. However, her pseudo-hippie traits exacerbated him so much that on her first day, he was trapped on her. And Bernice is so traumatized by his derogatory remarks that she commits herself to him and forces herself. For what reason do we not know ... except maybe the fact that she is psycho. (And who's better to play the psycho as Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Knowing that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers her car, but on condition that he only takes her somewhere. Along the way, she catches Bill's prisoner with his own gun (a Pinkerton Detective, no less). An imbroglio of anxiety, resentment, salvation, passion and violence follows as Bill and Bernice find themselves heading to the Ray and Rose Manor ... of course, with a few stops on the way.
