Apart from a few titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I watched every movie that Guy Ritchie directed. Two times. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the highlighted reasons why. This movie is a very different approach from Ritchie, if you look at it with Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver sets us up for a psychological excitement of all kinds as a gambling king, finds himself at the mercy of a set of enemies he didn't expect and a guided walk for salvation he didn't know. Along with the fact that Andre Benjamin of OutKast has celebrity his acting ability, other actions, Ray Liotta, are the manic Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong, Play Sorter, hit. <br /> <br /> After being sent to jail by a tyrannical casino owner, Macha, Jake used his time in loneliness to finesse a plot to humiliate Macha and force his hand to compensate him for the seven year he spent. When he wins a card game and collects a decent sum of Macha, Jake finds himself on the verge of death as he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that has left him for three days to live. However, a team of loan sharks has an answer for him and a ticket to life - only if he gives them all the money he has and lets them work to work for them. All in an effort to dismiss Macha and show Jake how dangerous he made himself. Along with the fact that he had the death gap and a few loan sharks with a field day with his money, Jake must also go to a hit on him, introducing a hit under Macha's service. The depth of the story comes when Jake realizes that some have found guilty of spending time in separate times. The loan shark team can take him out for everything he has, finding all the unfortunate events that Jake has. road in Facing Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi Jake just how he turned to be lonely, with only the mindset of his mind and his ego, it makes their real existence elusive, even Jake. The film evokes a humiliation process for both Jake and Macha, as they both get hold of their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the movie is excellent because you get the eager feeling of the crime world. and the characters that include it. Although many buttons at Ritchie's previous films are here, it still has a presence of its own from the dialogue, the sets and the experimental approach on the gangster genre. It's also a great journey on humility and recognition when masking your ego or a predetermined idea to easily achieve what you want or overcome what you need. The characters are well-crafted in this movie, with all sides being disassembled and, really for Ritchie fashion, they are all tied up with some degree of subtlety that throws a key in everyone's business. I can and would like to go to this movie and its unique nuances, but I don't want to take away too much if you haven't seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may be a few sittings to get through all the complicated layers, but it's a good movie and it should be seen. If you are lucky and have not seen the disapproved US release, see if you can get the original British version, as it will be a good discussion piece for friends if you are trying to make a puzzle. I saw it with my crew early in 2006 and we are still talking about things that we picked up today. It gained its cult status, and it is well-deserved as the movie where Ritchie stuck out the box and broke his norm a bit. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Fear or despise me, but please, I think," I'm special. We share an addiction. We are approved junkies. "
