OK ... this movie has been printed by critics and posters so far. (Although the devil's advocate plays, you can imagine that critics are often people who have not made it to themselves as filmmakers, and posters are often people who have not made it to themselves as critics), so in Guy's sit corner with the magic sponge to perhaps reach some of the people who decided not to watch the movie, based on how everyone looks to look down their collective nose of approval. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake in the movie to earn wide support is how unexpected it is. It has often been described as making the movie "inaccessible" to the viewer. The film's chronology is relatively non-linear and the characters are used not only as a way of storytelling, but as a device to give us the subtle (or not so subtle) hints of bias, we give things like us put it in remembrance. Ray Liotta's character who sees a gun says the words "fear me" are portrayed as tragically pathetic (from Statham's POV) or interrogating and brave (from Liotta's POV). This is but one example of Ritchie's much more mature approach that he has taken to film with Revolver. We have a storyline that is fairly archetypal (the strong but quiet, gritty anti-hero is released from prison with a score to settle, but is being pulled inadvertently into a world of corruption ... I mean it is paint by numbers film noir here guys, all the way to the vague poetic choice of diction and the avid voice surplus) but then Guy has taken this framework to a number of extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where Jason Statham's character runs a car of a car. This throw-out series could be released from the movie and made no difference to the story ... but Ritchie points out how such small events as receiving a call can make the difference between life and death. <Br /> <br /> So the final act of the movie is pretty gratifying. I'll take the p * ss if I said I didn't spend the last 20 minutes or so of the movie to go to my date. ... wtf? "... but that's the wisest reason to disregard a piece of art. It's too easy to mislead because you find it difficult to understand. And even easier to say," Well, nobody else understood it Not, so it should be a real movie of a movie! "In my humble opinion, Revolver is an attractive, complex and mature piece of modern art that will be greeted in the same way, we will work the Saatchi Brothers give. If we choose this opportunity to jointly say: "Ah, I wanted a movie about a bleeding bleeding" cockney gangsters in-nit loll ... Guy Ritchie is a tit! "Then the day will come when filmmakers are only allowed to make what is expected of them by shallow, crazy people. Just because Guy made a name for himself with a funny, fiery cockney skirt, doesn't mean he can't be deep without being a pretentious way. Funny people can also be considerate.
