I advise families if possible to show only to older children. Some of the things in this movie may be too upsetting for little ones to handle. Now, it's out of the way, let me explain about this movie. It is actually a documentary of a male fox, which in the beginning protects its territory and seeks a mate. The start with the beautiful sunrise and music party is breathing. You got as much of the scenery as possible. ugly later. They gave both the fox and the vixen names, but I can't remember what they are for me. He fights from this intrusive man to win her love. They later create a den, and the vixen gives birth to four beautiful cubs, one of which is blind. There are many happy and playful moments with the fox family, but tragedy and misfortune are all too soon. The first victim is the blind pup who is too close to a high tide and has been washed away. The second victim is the mother, who is deceived by a dead man during the death of chickens Chicken hangs on a pole. She goes unconsciously into a trap. As she tried to escape, she stabbed a portion of her foot, causing her to be dead-bleed. The rest of the fox family is forced to see her die under a tree. male is now a single father who is forced to assume the role of mother and father. He must teach them the skills they need for life. It doesn't seem to be enough later, when two of the adults who have now emerged meet an ugly fate of their own; thanks to the indifference and cruelty of man. I won't spoil the surprising end to you, but it shows the farmer and his dogs close to his tail. And it's a well-deserved end to what the audience and the fox family were saying I saw it when it only came out in the early 1980s when we had a thing called Showbiz cable. I was only 4 when I saw it, but I could never understand why they wouldn't let me see it all. Now I know why after watching it in secret when it was on Disney when I was 9. I felt emotionally after all this evil was going on. I was moved to tears. But as dark and ugly as it was, it serves a purpose. To let people know what these and other kinds of animals are and why they are threatened. This documentary wanted to get the message about this endangered species, and I hoped it worked. It's not fake. Like real-life nature films by Disney, they do not learn why animals have died out. The groundbreaking, the killing of the jackal's prey and killing of these beautiful animals, led them to be threatened. I wish they would pursue this movie, (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are treated better. Maybe it was about a vixen doll called Teresa and her growing up brothers and sisters. This movie also sometimes shows what happens to people's families, especially if one of the parents suddenly dies. The surviving parent takes on the role of both and tries to learn the important lessons of life. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially if some of their lives are destroyed. Or they fall victim to tragedy. Better all about soundtrack and musical score I've ever heard.
