Life is not bad for Harry Mitchell, he is an old air force chief (plus a pretty little pension I think). He guesses in cash for a patent he has developed (titanium and steel via an explosive process, which is super-metal suitable for NASA), and his wife of 20 years has kept herself in good standing. He has a nice little one in LA. I like to see visions of the 80's consumer dream, and here you get a good cut, featuring with the restored silver hunt (a series of 1 E-type starboard) for him, and the beautiful antique dolls house for her ( as well as I am probably other trinkets and boys toys). Should there always be more if there is not? So let's get caught in some romantic shenanigans (you're just as old as the woman you feel). As in many movies noir, one mistake, in an otherwise immaculate life, Harry leads a downward bow. <br /> <br /> Three blacksmiths were lying on him. That's where the value to me is, great character players play very credible roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-con who is capable of performing incredible psychopathic acts to avoid prison and punish double cruisers. He reminds Pluto, the evil black ex-con psychopath of Carl Franklin's well-known neo-noir "One False Move" (1992). There is a similar character motivation I believe. Both men had enough of the man, and well, pretty much everyone, in extremism. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a fat lily pansy who runs a nudie stall, where men can make half an hour photos of $ 25 for $ 25, and $ 50 for an entire hour (someone else greets the absence of discounts?). He's over his head, and it's great to see Treo's actions as Leo begin to believe the heat, credible collapse. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, a truly brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns to a life of crime from pure sociopathic ennui. He is a sexual sadist and does some particularly unpleasant things during the movie, including what I believe is a pretty implicit rape (note his RAP readout, it is easily missed and read between the motel scene lines with 'Slim'. <br /> <br /> In common with One False Move, though not exclusive, I think the real impact of the movie is in the extraordinarily communicative scenes of violence. <br /> <br /> So far, but I think there's a real problem with the movie, Harry Mitchell is told at one point that he has his "tit in the wringer." My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. Roy Scheider - protagonists never lose, they are confident and not at all, but not in an annoying way, I feel that I am asked to believe that his character is in danger, and the film relies on dramatic tension, but I have it I do not believe it is being asked to believe that Sandra Bullock's character is finally aa At the end of a romantic drama, or Stephen Seagal's character is going to be taken off by the bad things (actually happened in one movie but was already deliberate for shock). Roy Scheider does not convince as an adulterer, you do not feel annoyed at him, his character is Teflon-covered. <br /> <br /> It also felt like a movie that got cuts. At 110 minutes it still feels underdeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is actually a cardboard cutout, an extension of Harry, her back story as a politician running for office, getting little attention. The effect of the case on Harry's marriage is not properly communicated. It can be a Frankenheimer problem, he is not known for character development. I never felt that Harry had handled little more than an openly annoying and erroneous IRS tax claim. <br /> <br /> There is good, thin violent noir content in this movie, but I feel it's in the excellent bracket that Harry's decisions could be better done (no respect for the great Roy Scheider). The movie was short, even with the long run, and I think it could have taken out more meat. <br /> <br /> But you can't really forget the sleaze, like Harry's lovely perverted scene taking pictures of Doreen in the locker room.
