Now I've read some negative reviews for this show on this site and frankly, I'm terrible. For anyone to even think that Sopranos is not Television, I'm afraid I don't know where the world came from. Let me tell you something. I started looking at many T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all the shows lost their contact after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break I refused to watch, because the companies took 2 genius ideas and slaughtered them by making more than one season. Then we have the Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I have ever seen where I was exchanged in the whole season, and most importantly all of its episodes. There is no department that does not excel at this show. Acting - nothing less than wonderful. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel his play is absolutely stunning in every episode. After hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt it would be the better choice, but after watching the first couple. episodes, I knew HBO did a good job of throwing James as Tony. The raw emotion he shows is wonderful. Then we all have, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (who I remember as Johnny Ola in the Godfather Part 2) and my personal two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante . All these actors perform to the best of quality, and everybody gives an excellent performance in every episode. Then we have the story, I've never been sucked into a T.V show before. The story is nothing short of excellent. Every episode is wonderfully targeted and the score of this show is just fantastic. I feel that Sopranos is one show that I can watch again and again and never get bored. It has everything from hilarious humor to brutal violence, but it is and will always be the best to ever enjoy television, and I challenge someone to find a real mistake in the show. Don't just say it's too violent, or they feel Tony's character is immoral. I think it's a mafia show at the end of the day. I don't think the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. . I recommend everyone to watch this show, because believe me, you will be chopped off from the first episode. I was and I even got some friends who first refused to watch the show. Trust me when I say that this show is a Godlike compared to the shit that comes on TV. After watching the first season, you will inevitably agree with me again if I say that this show is Television and not a TV show. current or future will ever be the wonder that is sopranos.
