The Sopranos are probably the most popular TV series ever, so of course my expectations were over the roof, yet the performance surpassed them. I love the mafia and crime genre in film and I enjoy following the compelling stories in these worlds, but it's so much more. 86+ hours of material gives the story the chance to be not just one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories, but also a great family drama, a shocking character study, a laughing comedy, a brilliant psychological inquiry dealing with the nature of good and evil, and an intellectual artistic collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations all in one. David Chase's epic series manages it all and more, and cement HBO as the nearest TV can come to cinematic perfection and move the way for a number of other series to blow the audience away. <br /> <br /> Realism is present when needed, but Chase's decisions to deviate from it for "dream episodes" and so on just add more to the series. Chase - along with a strong writing staff including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire respectively - are changing New Jersey into a complicated universe full of the biggest role players I've seen on TV. /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most groundbreaking characters on TV ever. Tony adheres to half of the stereotypes of pop people, but he completely defended the other half and through his family interactions and his therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has considerable chemistry that ensures that the therapy scenes always have a completely different feel to the rest of the show), we see almost every side to Tony Soprano and learn that he is more of " is an all-man as one would expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco fits the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife Carmela. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, to her suspicions of murders, to her pain over Tony's deception, to her own thoughts on infidelity, Carmela introduced the whole spectrum of emotions over 6 seasons and Falco made her the first vehicle for the non-Mafia viewers. have eyes in such a corrupt world. Screens between Tony and Carmela offer some of the most heartbreaking and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> The supporting role is almost as phenomenal, and a wide variety of characters populate the role over all six seasons, somehow without any dismissal. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tony's excessive mom Livia, an insight into Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of Marchand's incessant complaints is almost gruesome because she hears the character so credible. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tony's protégé, whose various poor choices lead him to a path that looks painful but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's friend Adriana and is so well-meaning and loving that the dark bow takes her character as she engages in Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and a source of comic, but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters on the show, and no one plays real rage better than he does. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Famous faces such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young, and Eric Mangini perform in the show, while names such as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series. There are 50+ great characters with powerful bows, and the excitement and excitement never appeared in any of the different subplots throughout the show. <br /> <br /> Comic elements and whole episodes with brilliant hilarity dilute the dramatic intensity of the generator. of the series, which is so useful that the credits of almost any episode for some reason made me slightly confused. The Sopranos is the most powerful and addictive series I have already seen, and its highlights are so gratifying that I have to call it my favorite show, despite the likely lows (of which I disagree). <br /> <br /> Whether you're craving or hating the end, or whatever you make of it, is irrelevant: the conversation it created is a feat in itself. The iconic nature of the whole series makes it an essential part of television history. There are several elements for everyone to love and marvel at in this show, so if you think of looking something else instead, do yourself a favor and fitness.
