Although "The Sopranos" another gift from the megahit "The Godfather" and sequels, which dramatize and to some extent glorified the mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another branch. Unsuitable, comfortable gangsters here with homes in Lake Tahoe and in Vegas casinos. These guys are goombahs, with a front end of waste management, dealing with things falling from the back of trucks, topless bars, protection money - briefly, to where the suburbs worked. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which does not resemble sex and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a gang head with a woman and two children living in New Jersey who suffer panic attacks as he tries to balance his biological family with his mafia. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and has attracted him at the same time. Tony's henchman - Paulie, his cousin Christopher, his Uncle Junior (the titular head of the crowd), his good friend Pussy - are all full of fleshhed out characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn from the series, there are enemies not only from outside, but inside, and one of those enemies includes Tony's sickly but terrible mother (Nancy Marchand), who convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to him. Tony's sister Janice, meanwhile, is looking for money in her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has mistresses, and a woman (Edie Falco) who sits down a lot because she loves him while she is tied to her Catholic religion. "The church frowns on divorce," she tells one woman who is considering a split. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. As far as Tony's mistress is concerned, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is enough and asks him if it is known. Yes, it sounds like his mother. I'm of Italian descent, and yes, I'm sick of Italians being shown in a negative light and everyone assumes all Italians are gang members. Yet, you can't keep this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanks, it was noticed, is not turkey and potato tart - it's the antipasto, the manikotti, the meatballs and the Escarole, and then the bird!) , escarole (scarole), manicotti (manigot) etc. The only Italian thing about Tony is that he doesn't have a finished cellar, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except my parents never had one). <br /> <br /> The standouts in this show are Gandolfini, a ruthless antidepressant gangster, Falco, who is brilliant than his wife, and Bracco as the tortured Jennifer. But everyone is excellent. If you can take the violence and the language, it's a good performance, an undisputed portrait of the New Jersey gang.
