Not only do the storylines do in "The Sopranos" audiences from everywhere, but I think (at least) what the viewers bring back is the play. (Not even you, Gary, can dispute the claim). James Gandolfini, who plays the chief, Tony Soprano, is (according to this viewer) one of the "Hollywood Elites" as far as television shows are concerned. I will not continue and compare him to Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not only. However, he does a hell of a job playing the part of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has risen as much as an actor (mainly due to his role in The Sopranos) which is considered one of the best in the business today. And it's not just him. The Sopranos are a major supporting role, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand who played Tony's horrible mom. At this point in the appearance of the show, it is regarded as a cult classic and legal. The first two seasons were exceptional. Violent and reasonably abominable in a very regular way, but undoubtedly, done extraordinarily. The third season was good but didn't live up to the hype of seasons 1 and 2. Season 4, just before new years were wrapped up, was still the worst season (or I think it was anyway). Despite a dry game, I still found it (season 4 of The Sopranos) to be more entertaining than most of its competition and it says a lot, because recently I noticed a trend in good new television programs. Examples: Six feet below, the shield, emphasize your enthusiasm and OZ (which is not technically a new show but ends with an unforgettable final season this year). To return to my point, a show is better than all the competitions during a particularly bad year, no less, a great achievement by the writers. "The Sopranos" stand above all the other television programs in its era and its writers earn a lot of credit. To conclude, I would like to say, "The Sopranos" is the real deal people. For the average adult viewer (17 and above) who enjoys drama and does not care about mixing a little violence and curse, you might want to watch the "Sopranos" if you get the chance. Trust me that it will be worth the time.
