I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and have it in my video collection as it is a favorite of mine. What's interesting is how it came out of MIDNIGHT COWBOY in 1969, it was so shocking to viewers that it was X. Of course X was of course Ripeness. Being just two years old at the time of the release of the movie, it's hard for me to think just how shocked the viewers were. However, if I try to keep in mind that many of the topics dealt with in the film include prostitution (the title itself was a male prostitute). homosexuality; loneliness; Physical (and so far emotional) abuse and drugs are difficult for many to speak to this day, I can begin to get a sense of what viewers of this movie have thought of his release. It is noteworthy that MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to an R rating in the 1970s and although it is still R, some of the screens can be rated almost PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> I would like to briefly summarize the plot, although it is probably known that almost everyone who heard about the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck of Texas who decides that he can make it big as a male hustler in New York City who guides rich women. He emulates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers by wearing a cowboy outfit that will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he saw, he met a cunning man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can make all kinds of money if he has a manager. Again, Joe has been knocked down and long before being homeless. However, Joe comes across Ratso and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without giving away the plot, I want to say that the rest of the movie handles Joe and Ratso because they try to help each other achieve their dreams. That is, Joe makes it a gigolo and Ratso goes to Florida where he thinks he can recover his health. <br /> <br /> I would like to comment on the movie itself. First, the play is excellent, especially the leaders. Although the movie is really very sad from start to finish, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are a few scenes that I find amusing while they aren't meant to be funny. For example, there is the classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight run a city street and a taxi drives them virtually. Dustin Hoffman slammed the taxi and said, "Hey, I'm here! I'm here!" I get a kick from that scene because it's so typical of New York City where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene going on is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a man named O'Daniel. What is amusing is that we initially think O'Daniel is there to recruit gigolos and see why Joe gets so excited, but then we realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious note. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe dispute in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy outfit just gays gay and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne! You will tell me he's A subject! "What I like is the delivery in that scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set in the late 60's, much of it is true today. That's because, although the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleared in the past few years in the form of Disneyfication, homelessness is just as common as it was 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams about how to strike, just to break their dreams as in the Jon Voight character. One thing that impresses me about Jon Voight's character is how he is a survivor and I felt he had a big part at the end of the movie and that Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good influence on him. had. <Br /> <br /> Finally, I want to say that I have to watch it at least a few times when I watch this movie, because there are so many things going on. For example, there are a lot of flashbacks and dream series that make me feel more like a few views. Also, what I find interesting is that there is a lot in this movie that is being interpreted, as has really happened to Joe Buck (Jon Voight's character) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the end, while I don't want to give it away to those who haven't seen the movie, is quite open.
