This is a good example of a good, silly movie. No, it's not high art in any way. The writing is also not close to a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. BUT SO WHAT! The Killer Tomatoes series (four movies and a comic book) are basically good books that tread well on the kind of area the Zuckers ruled before switching over to making serious movies. <br /> <br /> As the title indicates, it is the fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy dealing with the Killer Tomatoes plot against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (John Astin's 3rd time in the role) has a plan to rule France by an ancient prophecy about the return of the righteous King of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be a sports shooter and who is just a dead ring for the long lost, real king of France. Of course he also plays the aforementioned ll t K or F, which makes the French language happy. <br /> <br /> Fuzzy Tomato (like the other one, FT was launched in the second movie and it will be a character in the cartoon) and his human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed as a result of the closure of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a thinly disguised version of himself, passing himself as Michael J Fox as a way to win the girl's dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Marie, who jumps between uncontrolled virgin sexuality and borderline psychosis. Oh, that former Miss. The Netherlands had more of a film career! Another returning member of the Killer Tomatoes stock company is Rick Rockwell (now the best known as the careless title subject of "Who wants to marry a millionaire?"). Like co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both in front of and behind the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, really, except that he had a particular vision and managed to pull it down and apparently dropped it into darkness. John, if you ever see it, thank you for giving the Killer Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The writing is heavy but not unnecessarily aware that it is just a movie. Like the return of the TEMATOS, the action is occasionally off the set and in the middle of the film crew. And Mark Price has a funny forum to complain about its own lack of success compared to its former costs Michael J Fox. It is the biggest budget of all the Killer Tomatoes movies and is a great showcase for the series. Okay, the show went to Fox Kids as a cartoon (which was also pretty clever), but cartoons aren't the same.
