Acid, unceasingly and beautifully, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective today than 35 years ago, when American life was even more disorientating. The film is unlikely to be made at any other time in history, because so many upheavals occurred in the late 1960s: final dissolution of the Great American West, intensifying the war in Vietnam and the clash of social ideas that confusion in variety. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' is known as the only Oscar-winning film to achieve an 'X' rating, but there is much more to its reputation. it also surpasses the norm as a work of art. While this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihy) has a lot to say about the erosion of American life, it stretches over the 60's politics by looking at and treating the hidden relationships of friendship with themes that human beings at all times. is known. The two main characters are actually standard antiheroes - men who have nothing to offer, but many to escape from our world. <br /> <br /> The initial focus of 'Midnight Cowboy' is at the age of 28. Joe Buck, a physically imposing Texas native played by Jon Voight. In the opening styles, we follow Joe's bus trip to New York City, where he plans to use one of his few real talents - the ability to enjoy women - and earn his fortune as a hustler. On his arrival, we learn that Joe is legally naive in the sex trade. Dressed in cowboy duds and proclaiming himself a hell of a stud, a young Texan flounders by his early tricks before joining Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly man and thief of the Bronx. Ratso, who is short, thin, and limp, proves little money to Joe. They run out of cash quickly and as life grows in the winter months, Joe and Ratso snatch their names in a condemned Manhattan apartment building with barely a dollar or square. It is over this period that a strong friendship develops between them, the two men who rely on each other to fight tremendous chances. <br /> <br /> In the course of the film, Joe listens to earlier years in Texas, including life with his grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who served as guardian; his married relationship with 'Crazy' Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were attacked by city people who wanted to lift the love affair. Much of his time, 'Midnight Cowboy' cuts a wide variety of flashbacks, dream series, and psychedelic images that shed light on the main characters while distorting their backgrounds. For every moment of understanding we get from Joe and Ratso, more questions about their lives are generated. Both men have no doubt; they do not have a clear sense of direction until Ratso falls into the diseases of the disease and Joe finally feels a purpose to be alive. This revelation pushes 'Midnight Cowboy' to its conclusion, a rather hopeful one in a very evil story. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso need luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly set out and uses the gritty atmosphere of Waldo Salt's screenplay to thrive on Voight and Hoffman. Their interactions seem extremely natural and the supporting cast, which includes Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro, and members of the Andy Warhol Click, presents him as an essential part of the storyline. The rebound sequence of Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt is particularly impressive in dealing with the sadness of lost time. <br /> <br /> Any young person wondering about the psychedelic era is advised to watch this movie, thanks to the excellent cinematography of Adam Holender ('The Boy Who Could Fly', 'Smoke') and editing by Hugh Robertson ('Shaft'). The footage of 'Midnight Cowboy' collaborates with his soundtrack (compiled by John Barry) as a cohesive unit, sometimes predicting the music videos of the past two decades. The main song Everybody's Talking is sung by Nilsson, who was actually used as a temporary track during the editing phase. The memorable accordion theme is played by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' was released in a two-disc collector's edition by MGM / UA, which features extensive features and comments. Also available is a 1998 release (used for this review), which offers dual widescreen and standard format with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement; three-language subtitles and closed captions; French 'dubbing'; a theater re-release trailer (not the "original" advertised); and an eight page production booklet. Both DVD releases feature a 25-year-old restored version of the movie, showing its original brilliance. Properly from his three Oscars (best photo, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), 'Midnight Cowboy', his place will be on the list of immortal classics. <br /> <br /> *** ½ out of 4
