It is not quite the timeless masterpiece that you would hope it would be based on the award it earned, but 1969's Midnight Cowboy is still a powerhouse for two young actors who are just facing. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film appears to be a product of the time, in the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionistic, but it still boasts a game because the story differs from loneliness and resonance themes. No matter what period. The film's film is still influenced by the unspoken emotionalism found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". <br /> <br /> The winding plot follows Joe Buck, a naive, young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan for a stud-for-hire for wealthy women. Full of energy, but not proficient, he unfortunately fails, but is reluctant to admit defeat despite his thirsty finances. He meets a cynical, sickly baby named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as an easy property. The two depend on each other, and Rizzo starts managing Joe. Things come to mind at a psychedelic, drug-infected party where Joe eventually landed a paying client. Meanwhile, Rizzo is getting worse, and the two go to Florida to look for a better life. This is not a story that will appeal to everyone. Some people still find it profound that a hustler and a thief are being changed into sympathetic figures, but their predicaments feel painfully authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first big role, Jon Voight is ideally cast as he brings out Joe's paper thin bravado and deepening sexual uncertainties. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman pushes his clean, post-college image of "The Graduate", immersing himself in the personal decline and glittering hope that Joe sees as a strange compatible counterpoint. The honesty of their depictions is augmented by Schlesinger's film treatment, which at the time recorded the squalor of the Times Square district. The director also effectively incorporates flashback and fantasy sequences to fill in the character's fragile psyche. Credit must also go to Sout not to overpower the continuous cynicism of the story. The other performances are just coincidental on the voyages of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro like the woman Joe meets at the festival, Sylvia Miles as a blasphemous matron, John McGiver as a religious zeal and Barnard Hughes as a lonely outside towner. <br /> <br /> The two-disc DVD package contains an exaggerated print transfer of the 1994 repair and insightful comment from producer Jerome Hellman, as unfortunately Schlesinger or Salt still does not live. There are three fantastic featurettes on the second disc. A retrospective documentary, "After midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later". It contains comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as cuts and related archive material such as Voight's screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", investigating the origin of the film's initial 'X' rating and public response to the film; and a tribute to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger".
