"Midnight Cowboy" was never a good movie to start with, but it's a classic. You know it's a classic moment when his ongoing theme song, "Everybody's Talking," starts on the soundtrack (not actually written for the film) and the way the camera introduced us to Joe Buck (naked and in the shower) . We've seen Jon Voight before, but have never really noticed him, but when he tells us, is he a heroic woman who has to doubt him? It was a great show that had an iconic star status as well as a full understanding of the character and if Voight had never done anything else, his performance would still be legendary. As it is, Voight is seldom disappointed on the screen; even a piece of ham, as well as his performance in that glamorous rubbish "Anaconda" is a source of pleasure). <br /> <br /> The movie is known almost overnight and notorious. It was a crowd-pleaser (even with its cunning end), funny and sexy and recognizable 'actually'; (It was the end of the sixties and all the characters came true). It was also the first 'X' rated movie to win the Oscar as the year's best photo. Adapted (brilliantly) by Waldo Salt of a James Leo Herlihy novel, it was probably the first mainstream commercial American movie to deal with taboo topics such as homosexuality and drug taking in a real way. Everyone is recognizable human, wart and all, and everyone is treated sympathetically. Voight's Joe Buck is an innocent overseas, a Candide who comes to New York to seek his fortune as a hustler (a profession he sees as glamorous and not seedy, he is a cross between a gigolo) and a social worker). But if he is shrouded by a scraggy, a worm-like little one called 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and he is a revelation). He realizes that reality may be a little different from the pipe dream. <br /> <br /> Essentially, this is a male love story (though completely platonic), between these two not as unlikely bedfellows. Both entirely alone, both completely needy, each becomes the protector of the other, (Voight with his physical skill, Hoffman with his street-wise skilled). They are misfits adrift of the mainstream, tolerant of their own peculiarities and the deviations of others. Although "straight", Voight is no more than a homosexual encounter in a 42nd street cinema, with a boy even lonely than himself. (The whole film puts a strange 'Christian' attitude). <br /> <br /> It's also been amazingly performed. While Voight and Hoffman hold the screen throughout, there are wonderful vignettes of Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes, as diverse customers and hangers, who look beautifully delimited little character studies that exceed John Schlesinger's the film has the feel of a documentary as well as a stranger's completely detached eye view of the American belly without rancor and without criticism. On second thoughts, maybe it's a good movie.
