Joe Buck (Jon Voight) decides he will leave his small life in Texas and make it big in the Big City. The women are there for the demand and the men are mainly "tutti-fruttis." Wyeoog, he comes to New York City, not prepared for the series of humiliating misadventures he is experiencing, one worse than the other. In the midst of the chaos he meets and is with Rico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffmann), a homeless man living in an apparently condemned building. <br /> <br /> There's not much of a story like MIDNIGHT COWBOY is a series of vignettes designed not only to bring Joe Buck's battles into the city, but to cut down his past and show us in shock cuts and semi-psychic dream order from his past: his failed relationship with his girlfriend, Annie (Jennifer Salt), who was raped yesterday, his abandonment by his mother, and his apparent abuse by his grandmother, which is also the habit had to cheat men for money. An air of pessimism dominates the movie almost from the voluptuous start, because Nilsson plays in his opening credit his deceptively flowery 'Everyone's Talk' '; We feel that even when we want Joe to finally make his point in the city, the odds are high, he won't and will eventually work for pennies in a death career. It is seen in a masterful shot from the outside. Look later in the movie as he watches a man work as a dishwasher in a soup kitchen through a window and sees himself. We know the look in his eyes, he doesn't want to end that way. <br /> <br /> A dark story of halted hope, John Schlesinger, creates ghostly images of lost souls at the end of the 60's. center, the prevailing friendship between two men if they struggle to make some sense for their lives amid the elusive comfort of a dignified life. There is the implied idea that they could have been loved ones - Ratso came out to hug Joe in the party scene and their eventual end-of-life embrace certainly pointed to this - but it's actually a friend, one who succeeds in survival. , literally to death, and bring some hope to Joe who, in the end, has changed a lot in Florida, older, wiser.
