John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' is perhaps the most important for the only X-rated film in Academy history to receive the Oscar for Best Picture. It was probably how I first heard it, and I didn't really expect much from the movie. It's not to say that I thought it would be terrible, but somehow I didn't consider it the kind of movie I'd like to watch. This is one reason why you should never trust your own instincts in such ways? a remarkable combination of star acting, ambitious direction and an unforgettable soundtrack ("Everyone talks to me, I don't hear a word they say!]) makes this movie one of the best explorations of life, naivety and friendship ever released. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (then newcomer Jon Voight), proudly dressed as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to live a new life as a hustler, a male prostitute. search. However, women are not prepared to pay money for their services, and Joe is faced with extreme poverty, as his offer is starting to dry up money. During these exploits, Joe joins Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly crippled scammer, who initially tried to circumvent Joe from all his money. When they realize they're both in the same trouble, Ratso Joe offers a place to stay and they work together to try (largely dishonest) life for themselves in the cold, eager metropolis of New York. /> <br /> Joe convinced him that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; But his first such business ends with his conviction the woman (Sylvia Miles) pays twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself somewhat intelligent, Ratso is just as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful sleeping and hacking cough, always assures him that, if he can just travel to Miami, everything is somehow right. This wrong expectation that things will be so easy reminds Lennie and George of John Steinbeck's classic novel, "Of Mice and Men." <br /> <br /> Shooting mainly on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy' is an eagerly realistic look at life in slums. Watching the movie, we can feel almost inside Ratso's uncomfortable, unheated residence, our joints tight from the sore winter cold. The play certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, with both Voight and Hoffman masterfully the two decadent dregs of modern society. Hoffman is in his exceptional exception. I walk here! He managed it well to be after his promising debut in 1967's The Graduate. Both stars were later nominated for Best Oscar actors (also nominated for appearing scary? Sylvia Miles, for an appearance that wasn't more than five minutes, though both finally lost the truth to John Wayne K. "Midnight Cowboy" finally won three Oscars of seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director of Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is mainly told in a linear way, although there are many flashbacks that show up at Joe's past. Instead of explicitly explaining what these short instructions actually are, the audience is invited to think about it, and how these circumstances could have led Joe on the path he is now following. The painful, beautiful final scene leaves us with a bright hope, but a great deal of uncertainty. Gritty, thoughts and intensely fascinating, 'Midnight Cowboy' is one of the centuries.
