Midnight Cowboy opens with a run-off Drive In theater singing the voice of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, the thing he strives to be. Joe picks up his humdrum life in Texas and moves it to New York City with the dream of many women and even more money. He dresses as the character of the cowboy, but in a cartoon way, even his friends don't take him seriously. He started his journey on the bus to NYC and we can quickly see how thin Joe is by interacting with the other passengers. It is essentially a story of Joe's realization of the harsh reality of the real world. <br /> <br /> He started out as a very naïve southern thought that he could just make it into his good looks in NYC. He has no other reason to think differently, as it was useful in the past; we learn from the many flashbacks he has. In the beginning, the flashbacks are filmed in a way they portray as a little funny. They are vague and the voices sound as if they are coming from a distance, as they are, they come from his past. But, as Joe sees deeper and deeper in the reality of NYC's harsh atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is no longer quirky but keen, filmed in black and white with quick editing for the cruel nature of the portray past events. This is especially seen in the backlash of him and his girlfriend is assaulted and her raped. In one of these flashbacks we see a building broken down by brick. It reflects the way Joe himself falls apart; the naivle he once worn fell from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in villain and can barely get food to eat; Joe realizes he can't live off his appearance, that there is a sharp underwear from New York that he didn't suggest. His subconscious mind reflects the way his real life views. <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves as a mirror for Joe, but in a different way; Ratso is Joe's foil. Joe is an attractive, strong man who generally has a good outward appearance. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar that we can tell he is the opposite. He is short, dark, and always covered with a luster. He understands how the world works, that it is unforgiving, and sometimes it doesn't matter how hard you try to fail. just like his dad did. They live in the same world, the same apartment, but they understand things quite differently. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation, one that is common to this era, is very clear in this film. . Neither Joe nor Ratso match the culture they surround. Joe is trapped in Texas and moves to NYC where he is still an outsider. Ratso, who lives in the cold of NYC, wants to move to sunny Florida where he thinks he'll have a good life. Although it is ideal, in fantasy we come from Ratso's perspective, it is clear that he knows he will never really fit into society. In the fantasy he is switched on by the people who live around him. He is again an outsider who is alienated from society. <br /> <br /> It's not until the end when the gap between Joe and Ratso starts to choke. Joe persuaded violence; He takes the mentality of this city to get money to fund an escape for Florida for himself and Ratso. On the trip, we see Joe coming out of a store that doesn't wear the cowboy clothes he's never seen in the rest of the movie. He is dressed as someone who looks to travel to Florida for vacation. He dressed Ratso in the same way; he ties them to make them fit into the new society they enter, but it is of no use. At Ratso's death on the bus, they watch fellow passengers again as outsiders. Even in this new culture they've entered, they can't escape the alienation they've met at every turn in this movie. Despite the death of Ratso and Joe's continued alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe can take his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would have had as a hustler in NYC. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film depicting the harsh reality of society, and alienation, with star performances by both Voight and Hoffman.
