Horror is perhaps one of two genres where logic does not always win imagination. We all know that murderers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface cannot sustain the amount of pain they do and still live to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really rise from the dead to bump people and eat their brains. And let's hope at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old homes, unspeakable crimes will not be committed against them. That's where fantasy disappears over the fact. Horror, and most movies in general, require us to suspend our unbelief for a few hours and just go with the flow. This is usually not a problem when I see how balls in George C. Scott are thrown along the stairs, or when I see an invisible force stomping three amateur filmmakers in the bush near Burketsville. But what I do has a problem to digest (without repeating), when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. To give away who the killer is, would actually be a great fairy tale and it will all enjoy seeing it for yourself, but just enough to say that I actually enjoy this movie right up to the final scene when the killer is revealed . There are too many events in the movie that insist that the killer is who it is. But the 90 minutes before this point is well done, exciting, blood-soaked film directed by panache and skill by John Hough. If the movie were to give me another killer, I would really be raving about it. It may seem like a complete reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, everyone who saw the movie is almost certain to agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (beautifully played by Erin Flannery) have just moved to this small New England village recently. Cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died. We see several flashy scenes where a mysterious woman (one can only assume it's his wife) lies in a stormy precipitation on the ground. Her face is related and her eyes closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and what relevance she has for the story, but she is there anyway. Cassevetes, it should be mentioned, is strange to say the least. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter looks a little more than parental. There are a few scenes that have a hint of intrusive possibilities. It never comes to fruition, but it just looks almighty, but just below the proverbial back. Fortunately, the movie never explores this element of the relationship, but it makes you a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes look like a cross between porn actor John Leslie and screenwriter James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a virile command that raises and watches you. But he also looks as if he's going to bump into every scene in a business lunch. He has just that slimy, dishonest, bad, uncomfortable way about him. He never really looks like he can be trusted in this movie. I think it's a credit to the authors, the director and to Cassevetes himself. There was always something that just bothered me about his character from the go-go. <br /> <br /> The story begins on an excellent note as two lovers will swim in the local quarry. There is a rough old changing barn close by and as we can see, something or someone is looking at them. When the young man disappears briefly to get something from the truck, the young woman walks in the barn, just to play a prank. Once she is there, she is attacked. The young man caresses the shed to get her and he is covered with a plate and nail. Hough shrewdly sets us up for the payout pitch when the young man enters. He looks shyly shooting the room and mocking his love lover in the corner, and then smacko, the man gets it. It's a very tense moment and it starts the movie on the right note. <br /> <br /> Also introduced in the entangled bet of a story is a young man named Tim who seems to be strange dreams of a faceless woman bound in a torture chamber surrounded by men with shackles who cover their faces. Tim seems to think his dreams have something to do with the murders, because every time a murder occurs, he has another dream. Toss in a quiet and uncomfortable grandmother, a female female reporter and a strong but friendly local sheriff and you need all the ingredients to create the imbroglio make-up in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film more people are murdered, but mostly the men are slaughtered with extreme prejudice and women are raped. This is my first, poor (and cautious) attempt to tell you that it convinced me of the unbundling. It just didn't play the right chord. <br /> <br /> The Incubus is a great movie. It is tense, stiff and even most of the performances are well done. I was intrigued by the dreams that Tim had and I was anxious to find out what meaning they had in the story and eventually the murders. But if you get all that good in the movie, you still get that nasty taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - It could have been a nine. Sorry.
