If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, you can move on better. I saw her in Los Angeles last year at the opening of her Everything Bad and Beautiful tour and I still can't believe I was in the first row and was lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal performance. She is now in New York with the show and it coincides with the release of her groundbreaking stunner, "Without You I'm Nothing". We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand will once again put a head out of her head, but Sandra makes more than Babs gets away. All right, I want to make it known, Mrs. Bernhard is a bit of these influential entertainers and more. I wanted to really print this movie because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (ranging from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a writing that includes the decadence, joy, sadness, upward and villages of the 70's. Determine and 80's. It is my opinion that many (and I mean many) cartoons have been lifted, okay stolen, so much from this show, if not Sandra himself. I won't call names, but come on, people, you and I know who they are. Look, the thing is, Bernhard plays according to her own rules. This movie, like her live performances, shows that she is an artist who has remained faithful to the old school of show businesses, as well as pushing forward. Her performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (during the time of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70-TV shows, intimate cabaret performances and concerts reminiscent of everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch where Sandra came or went. So, here I was, a year ago, Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater, in total awe and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that meant something to me, that would hopefully mean something to her. But I listen to my copy of Giving Til it Hurts, and just thank her in a prayer, kinds to make me laugh, let me think, make me FEEL. You can't deny this woman's presence and you can't deny the talent just out of step. She's still here, damn it, even after the release of Sonder you, I'm Nothing, about 15 years ago. And she looks right. I know this firsthand, walk out of the theater one heard member told the other: "She is so fine .. and she still looks amazing !!! If you can't yet see her, please see this movie. me, I hope Sandra will see it, you thought me a lot, got me through tricky times, and if you can send me an email, please do so. still kicking out and doing it is enough for me, come on, people, give it to the lady !!!!
