Louis Creed, a Chicago physician, is moving to a large home near a small town, as he will be offering classes in the University of Maine. Along with him are his wife, Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, the church. Soon they will meet their new neighbor, and the old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel about the danger of the highway passing their home (it is constantly a way used by large trucks), but also shows the family a pet cemetery located near their home . Judd starts talking about the importance of the pet cemetery, but Rachel is opposed to talking about death and spirituality with her children, as she has trauma to her sister Zelda's death. <br /> <br /> During the first week of the Family in the new home, Louis already has dead people dealing with: Victor Pascow, a student who was seriously injured in a car accident, addresses his dying words Louis personally, though the two men are strangers. On the night after Pascow's death, Louis believes he is a very lively dream in which he meets Pascow, who leads him to the pet cemetery. Louis warns that he doesn't "go any further, no matter how much you feel you need it." Louis wakes up in bed the next morning and convinced it was just a dream until he discovered his feet and covered the bed sheets with dirt and pine needles. Anyway, he rejects the dream. Many strange things are happening and Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the highway. Louis remains concerned about how he is going to talk to Ellie about the death of the church, but Judd, who sympathizes with him, takes Jud Louis to the pet cemetery, probably to bury the church. But instead of stopping there, Jud leads Louis on a terrifying journey to the right cemetery: an old cemetery once used by the Micmac ("... Indian ..."). There, Louis buried the cat on Jud's instruction, telling Jud that animals buried there had returned. And that's where the real horror story starts ... <br /> <br /> I find this movie very good. It's not the most horrible of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've ever watched. The way Gage dies is almost impossible to stay in your memory, especially a toddler. It's cool to see Stephen King's cameo as funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some writing routes: How can a rich doctor with two small children live in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his home? How Gage has no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why would Louis still get up every member of his family to know they were all going to be like monsters? Things like that don't make sense, but I can understand that all of the horror scripts need some surreal ideas to work. <br /> <br /> A good thing I've seen in this movie is the need to talk about killing with kids, no matter what your religion is or if you are an atheist, and also that avoiding important subjects does not help. Because Louis is afraid to be honest with Ellie, to confront her and say her cat won't be again, the nightmare has begun.
