In the trivia section of Pet Sematary, it states that George Romero (director of two Stephen King stories, Creepshow and The Dark Half) is set to be straight and then pulled out. One wonders what he would like to bring to the movie, as director Mary Lambert, while not really a bad director, does not bring much imagination to this adaptation of King's novel, which he wrote the script. Of course, there are some very effective, mostly surrealistic scenes (especially the sister Zelda, probably more of a look for kids when they see the movie), and the decisive role in some of the roles is dead-perfect. But something feels sometimes lacking, a kind of style that can match the unmistakable King-like atmosphere, which in this case is as sick as you go, without intricate cannibals rising from the graves (who knows if he'll save it for his final novel ...) <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, some of the castings are immense, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, the little boy who is one of the cutest little kids this side of a 80 -year-old horror movie, to be a small monster (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes that burn a certain scalpel). And there is also a juicy supportive role for Fred Gwynne of the Munsters, who plays this old, mysterious man with the right notes of underplay and punishment in the show. And applause goes to who made the makeup on Andrew Hubatsek. But there are other flaws in the other castings; Dale Midkiff is good, not good, as the conflict, disturbed father figure Creed, and his daughter Ellie is played by an actress who just doesn't work for me. <br /> <br /> In terms of setting up a few different pieces, just a few really stand out: a certain plot thickening moment (not to spoil, it involves a cool Ramones song ), and the first visit to the pet semataris (the larger one), including the kind of mystical overtones King had in the Shining. For the most part, it is a very polished live work, although it could even be darkened to vote in writing. If it is thought out logically (though in King terms), it really is one of its more effective works of the period. But it doesn't add up as it can or should. Yet it makes for a fine little midnight movie.
