"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of the Stephen King novel of the same title. The story follows the Creeds - an all-American, middle-class family moving to a country house. The family consists of Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Ellie and their toddler son, Gage. The house couldn't be better, and the family met a strange but friendly old man, Jud, who stays on the road. One day he leads them an old road in the forest where a pet graveyard lies - filled with a large amount of animal graves. And just outside there is a sacred Indian cemetery that seems to have a strange power. When the family cat, church, is killed, Louis sees it fit to bury him in the pet cemetery - and strangely, soon after, the church returns to life. But there is something angry about him now, he's not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident takes the life of young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son. Unfortunately, he gets more than what he has negotiated. <br /> <br /> Having read Stephen's novel, Stephen, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. Not to say the movie is bad, because it's not - the book is a little better. The real strength of this film lies in the story, which is both bizarre but extremely original, something King's stories are commonly known as. The writing is very well adapted from the story, and although it is more or less different in some respects, it is a fairly good transformation from page to screen. There are a few plot holes here and there, nothing great. In addition, this movie is pretty much anything, and it manages to do it. There are some very disturbing scenes by the film, and I have to say that Rachel's sister Zelda's sequel is the number one. Honestly, it's one of the most disgusting, disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not stingy and bloody, it's just sickly. One thing is certain, that image will not leave your head soon. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie were all huge and I really had no problem. This movie is actually on the side of the game, there are many nasty little series to keep all the gore dogs out there, including the shock of an end. I really liked the way they ended the movie, it was suddenly and somewhat unconvincing, but it worked better with all the things that were considered. <br /> Overall, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie I'd recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general. The story is the movie's biggest asset and it's also a creepy. One of the better Stephen King adjustments I want to say. 10/07.
