The ring is made of the only script Hitchcock wrote himself and deals with, like many of his earliest photographs, with a love triangle. At first glance, it looks like a more cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's unfaithful-moral comedies, but more than this is the first, really capable Hitchcock image. Even if he had not yet used the ideas and motives of tension teams, he at least developed the tools to create tension. <br /> <br /> Apart from being a German expressionist style student, Sergei Eisenstein's rhythmic editing style has had its impact on Hitchcock. But here he keeps pace not only with the changes, but with the content of the images. It is evident from the opening shots, where the brand new rides reach a brilliant pace. And like Eisenstein, does the editing style seem to sound like sound? For example, when a split second shot of the clock is flipped into the flash, we hear the sound almost unaware because the image is so bad. <br /> <br /> There's also a contrast, especially with silent movies from the US, because the ring isn't too many title cards. As much as possible is conveyed by imagery, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to either read lip reading or at least derive the meaning of most of the characters' speech. And this is not done by symbolism or tolerance. This is all done by getting the right angles and timing, especially with the point shots, as well as some strong but subtle shows. Unfortunately, there are a few too many obvious expressionist devices (especially dual exposure), many of which were unnecessary, but much less than in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let's make some honorable ones for the aforementioned actors. First, the wonderfully attractive and talented Carl Brisson starring. In spite of his talent, I was initially a little confused about why he played the role. To be honest, he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! But it just goes to show how much I know, because it seems Brisson was a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. To play his rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who would have a long career in the role of roles until the 60's. The most demanding role in The Ring should be given to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. However, she pulls it off very well, but with an emotional, underestimated performance, and it is a pity that her career never lasted in the audio era. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker offers a funny relief that is probably his best role ever. <br /> <br /> The Ring's climbing action scene is one of the impressive moments of the quiet-era Hitchcock. Martin Scorcese watched the ring in his eyes as he addressed the fighting scenes in Raging Bull, as his password for these scenes was "Staying in the Ring". The battle in The Ring starts with some fairly regular long shots, but when the action increases, Hitchcock falls right in the middle, with close-ups and point-shots. Hitchcock's goal was always to engage his audience, and it was critical in his later career where the secret of his success often dimmed the character's fears or paranoia. <br /> <br /> The Ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known Die Lodger. It's a much more polished and professional work than the previous picture, and probably the best of all its silent features.
