As a fan of writer John Le Carre, I slowly worked through my books and the adjustments. I found this adaptation of Le Carre's masterpiece at my local library this 1987 and watched me think I would know what to expect. I was surprised to discover that my expectations in this miniseries were exceeded, a fine cross between a spy runner and a human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gives a great performance as Magnus Pym, the perfect spy of the title. In the long tradition of Le Carre's strong main characters, Pym is probably the best. Egan plays Pym (who actually has many shades of author le Carre) as a man who has forced his life to lie and sometimes survive from circumstances and other times, only to survive with the result that he is a "perfect" spy. Egan is playing Pym to perfection as a man always going, if not from others than from himself. Egan alone makes the six or so hours of these miniseries worth seeing alone. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic supporting role. Ray McAnally gives one of his best performances, as Pym's older father, Rick, who (as Le Carre said) is strongly based on the author's own father. McAnally plays a man who comes in and out of Pym's life and is one of those responsible for Pym to become a perfect spy. In fact, if it wasn't McAnally's performance a year later in a very British coup, it would be the best performance of his unfortunate short-term career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as his spy mentor to Rüdiger Weigang as the young Pym's friend controller to Jane Booker as Pym's wife, the supporting role is fantastic. Special mention should be made of the three young actors who played the younger Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor). The young man who played the man so well will be played by Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​of the miniseries are also strong. Like the miniseries adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People have proved, these stories can only be told in miniature format. The sites are excellent from English places to those spread across Eastern Europe and the US, such as sets by Chris Edwards. Elmer Cossey's cinematography adds an extra layer of realism to the miniseries world. Still, the highlight of the miniseries is really the script. <br /> <br /> Screenwrtier Arthur Hopcraft used the work to customize the six hundred or so-page novel. The novel was largely (at least in its early parts) autobiographical because Pym's early life characterized much of John Le Carre's life. The writing for these miniseries is no exception, as it leads the development of Magnus Pym from young boy to a perfect spy. Never before have the miniseries turned away from their purpose of telling a fine human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If one ever wants evidence that a spy runner can be tense without having one rifle fight, fist fight or James Bond style hunt, it will be proof. While the miniseries are six hours long, it never wastes for a moment and it's all better. <br /> <br /> Although it may be left to some for those who don't pay close attention to it, it's a must see. From the performances of Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to fine production values ​​and a fine literary script, A Perfect Spy, is one of the best miniseries to expect. It's a fascinating journey to the history of the Cold War, but it's more than that. It is also a journey that John Le Carre called the "secret road": the path of the man who must seduce and betray the man to survive. So much a human drama as a spy thriller a perfect spy shouldn't be missed.
