I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully recovered editions) and I never tire of seeing it. My personal favorite is Tarzan and his partner, quite (quite) completely to Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and sometimes flashes of her genital area under the front of the leather jacket. Before anyone claims that A - It wasn't really her, or B - It wasn't really what it looked like, let me say I watched it many times, in the high zoom mode, and trust me ... it's IS her, and she is completely naked under the costume ... several times, especially during the lion's end attack, carefully watching in slow motion and maximum zoom will reveal that she is shaved except for a small piece of dark hair that labia cover ... There is no mistake at all. As for the swim scene as a double in a "skin" suit, yes, it's double, BUT she doesn't wear a "skin" suit or anything ... again, slow motion and maximum zoom show everything for those who want to see it. Now, that controversy out of the way, let's move on to the real movie ... I thought the script was well thought out and written. The action sequences were simply great, although it is obviously a stuntman who manages the rhino, Weissmuller actually struggles the big male lion ... The use of background shots that are second unit points from Africa is very well mixed with the studio and American places, and sometimes makes it difficult to know what is. Don't complain too much, but remember that 90% of ALL movies are in any case evil. So relax and enjoy the damn thing with a big bowl of popcorn, a little cold beer and a fresh pack of smoke ... a sexy and willing girlfriend / wife is also out of line ... lol. Oh ... One last word about nudity ... at the beginning, while the white hunters are talking dialogue, keeps your eyes on the backdrops ... there are several good shots of naked African girls (of course shot in place) behind them . One more thing, the film is not racist according to the standards of the 1930s to the 1960s. That's how colored people are thought and portrayed. Shaft had not even been considered, and audiences did not accept other portrayals of them at the time in history. Safaris actually used natives with luggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character died a heroic death to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was only before Gene Autry treated the Native Americans and colored people in his Western as real people who began to see Hollywood doing well.
