Tarzan and his partner (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I didn't see when I was a child. It sounds boring. Now I saw it. I saw the monkey (1932) about a hundred times and I keep a copy on my drive. This is a remarkable movie. It's almost flawless. However, Tarzan and his partner (1934) fell. It is not harmonious and it is parts that tend to live a life of their own. The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are good. Big budget expensive. Tarzan himself is co-leading. Jane dominated. She has developed and become a jungle girl so sexy I tend to forget about criticism and sing her praise instead. Good. She let her go through a hook that steals a kiss from her and later kills an elephant. She urged Tarzan to wear a bracelet that belonged to her father. Forever. The thing will split into bits the moment he went over his businesses in the jungle. Stupid? Later someone finds it in the river. Well, it's supposed to prove Tarzan is dead. Some cheap drama. The crocks who have a clear interest in a dead Tarzan, convinced Jane that he was gone. She takes their words for granted and wants to be taken away (to England). Stupid Jane seems to forget how difficult Tarzan is, how difficult he is to kill. The caravan leaves and Jane goes along. Again a pothole. She can make the caravan easy for a few hours or more to pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead man. She can be smart. She could dive where they found the floating bracelet, watch the benches for tracks. She can make fire in 15 seconds and swing in Liana's. Addition of tracks should not be too difficult for jungle jungle. She can talk to the monkeys, and so on. If she comes to England without it being done, she will be miserable. Jane is smart, but cheap drama brings her down. And why on earth did she get the coastal rapist away with: "I blame myself as much as you do." A punishment because it might be? Nonsense. Struggle, a loud blow and tell Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This movie is far from bad, even though the pitfalls are deep and sometimes deep. Just sit back and enjoy. This is Tarzan and Jane for God.
