This beautifully-targeted fantasy is the second in the popular Tarzan series released by MGM. It's a first-rate adventure for many reasons, I suggest - fine photography, strong imaginative features, a great throw, good simulated jungle and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-syllabic unaltered species as opposed to Edgar Rice Burroughs' creation; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very courageous, and he must be during this story. If Jane Parker, his wife Jane Porter was in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, as well as athletic where the quality manuscript is. The effect of the lighting, the spacious and clever sets is quite unusual. It is an outdoor adventure filmed on the MGM back lot that really works. The fabulous Mutir escarpment is a remote site to which Tarzan and Jane can remain undisturbed; But in their idyll, people who are looking for emissaries of a civilization that left Jane and Tarzan didn't really get used to. One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, requesting with his friend to return to civilization with him; The gown and perfume interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect her from various wildlife, in scenes resembling a human King King. The group claims they want to hunt wild animals, and Tarzan considers Jane a little big game release. but at one point the idea of ​​ivory and gaining a fortune is changing the expedition's head. Tarzan was shot dead; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the wonderful "elephant's cemetery". But they find the area guarded by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan rides on an elephant, revives in time to call; In a spectacular elephant-filled scene, he saves Jane and what's off the expedition, returning home, richer, but very wise, as Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was designed by design designer Cedric Gibbons, and quite beautiful. His work and relief are the outstanding achievements of this entertaining and exciting film, which really looks, despite all its Hollywood shortcomings from start to finish. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better, before and after, he reveals himself badly. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry make a small player very professional. An unusual and well-realized fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue confrontations. Recommended.
