Well, I heard from somewhere that Ossessione is a forerunner of the Italian movie genre, and especially my favorite, the 'Giallo' ... but actually, except that it is an excitement made in Italy; the two have pretty much no relationship. In the sixties and seventies, Italian filmmakers would gain a reputation for releasing just about every successful American movie. They did not, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the later American movie The Postman Always Rings Twice, without giving the book's author James M. Cain as much as a credit! Anyway, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a beautiful drifter who accidentally knocks on a cafe where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. He soon learns that she is married to Giuseppe; A big, boring man, who Giovanna can't stand to touch her even. He wants the two to run away, but she is not so keen on the idea. However, the fate ends up intervening and her plan to kill her husband has been successful ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility not the author whose story based it is to be credited, he says director Luchino Visconti is implementing the film noir style well, and in a way I even prefer the atmosphere of this movie to some of the larger American noir classics. The story is, as you would expect, extremely strong and the Visconti manages good performances from his role. Visconti just dragged the movie a little too much, and with a running time of almost 135 minutes I felt the story was too thin to justify this kind of length. I feel almost guilty of all this criticism of Ossession as it is a good movie, but it's not a "good" movie. The relationship between the two central characters is not really properly investigated, and the film seems to make us worse off distracting us from leaving us in the characters' minds. There is not a lot of mystery to the plot, since we are pretty much always knowing what is going on, and not always focusing on the characters themselves; the movie is not as interesting as it could have been. Still, it makes for an interesting show and is therefore recommended ... although not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Cain classic.
