The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, in 1932, caused a sensation. 70 years later it can be hard to believe, but the movie had the same impact as THE MATRIX, or THE LORD OF THE RINGS, at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, the "noble savagery" that every woman imagined, and everyone wanted him to be. The only person dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while agreeing with MGM's creative freedoms and having his fierce royal checks, felt the "dumbed down" version of his character (without any plans too late to "grow" was unfaithful to his vision (he would start a production company and soon make his own Tarzan movies). MGM, who realized the value of his latest "star", knew that the successor would be even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN and HIS MATE! <br /> <br /> The movie had an interesting story; Cedric Gibbons, MGM's legendary art director, got a commitment from the studio to manage the sequel to the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, despite the fact that he had never targeted it (the studio didn't have the movie impact, and did not think a novice director would be interested in a "novelty movie" ... and they wanted to keep their Oscar-winning head of department properly. Gibbons, a wonderfully talented and imaginative visual artist, loved the freedom of pre-code Hollywood and decided to make TARZAN AND HIS MATE 'the envelope' print to the limit. Tarzan and Jane would swim in a nude and Jane would appear through most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death in 1998 that while a double was used for swimming, she trusted the studio and did a few days of filming over ... but it did. a lot of headaches trying to strategically place plants and fruit to block her nipples, and the idea has been abandoned (the movie shot those days will be worth a fortune!) She has a nude silhouette scene in a tent done, her breasts flashed at the conclusion of her "swim" and a revised "jungle" costume that was extremely challenging, very thin and open on the sides ... and the resulting exclamation would help create the Hays office and the self-censorship that would soon weaken the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM fired Gibbons from production (the "official" reason was his workload as Art Director), and veteran Jack Conway is listed as the new director for the critics ... although James C. McKay the movie really aimed, as Conway was doing with 3 other projects VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The movie featured the best elements of the original (safari, murderous tribes, Tarzan combat forest cattle to save Jane), and actually improved on storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for ivory from the 'Olifants' Cemetery' and tries to seduce Jane to return to England, with gifts from his dresses, underwear and perfume. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a squat and an intrepid woman, who traces Holt's chivalrous trace of Jane and bumps her into a potential "conquest" to be in any way (including the death of Tarzan, if and when he gets away without seeing). <br /> <br /> Tarzan immediately endures the intrusion into his happy life with Jane, and puts his foot down and refuses to allow the hunters in the cemetery. Arlington finds his chance to catch the Ape Man alone and shoot him and then return to the camp with a crafted tale of his downfall. Now Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and she can comfort them to the cemetery, before her long journey back to England, through the cute, sympathetic Arlington. But a cruel tribe and horrible torture are waiting for the group ... can Tarzan, through his monkey 'family' back health, recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While stockpile is widely used, the racial stereotypes of the 30's are clear, and the gorillas are, of course, actors in monkeys, TARZAN and HATE reach a level of sophistication unmatched in any other film, as well as a sexuality that could not touch Bo Derek's blatantly erotic TARZAN, The APE MAN. Johnny Weissmuller was in peak condition, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful, and "Africa" ​​never looked romantic and dangerous. TARZAN AND HIS MATE was a triumph (though it would have been drastically edited for many years), and remains the classic of the series to this day!
