This movie is a ripoff of James Cain's novel, THE POSTMAN RINGS TWICE ALWAYS. Apparently the director and producer never bothered to pay for this story. Perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of the Italian war in World War II can forget to consider royalties! Nevertheless, the movie isn't really just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways it is much better and in other ways it is definitely not. <br /> <br /> The three central characters in this movie are really ugly people. In fact, the male and female lovers are a bit icky-looking. The male lead is pretty ordinary except his abundant body hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and his lady's love is, frankly, unattractive. They are very, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the bad guy is really obese and loves to walk around - and his counterpart in the American movie, Cecil Kellaway, is definitely better (and probably looks better than the other two Italian leads, actually). And this impossibility is generally a reason why I chose the Italian film. Since I just couldn't imagine a chopped "dish" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere with Kellaway, I'm 100% sure she would have had decades of better deals! While the Italian woman couldn't honestly do much better and it actually made the marriage credible. <br /> <br /> Part of the Italian film's credibility comes from the blunt way of dealing with sex. The purified American movie is trying to make you believe that although Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never get sex! It's pretty stupid and totally unrealistic. In addition to the casual sexuality of the movie, it is also quite comfortable to show the sewing side of life - with lots of sweaty people, a flying strip hanging over the kitchen table and everyone needs a bath. <br /> <br /> The movie is also fairly faster compared to the excessive American movie. And what you get because of shortness is not all good. The film lacks much of the style and polish of the American movie - with grander material, relatively poor orchestration and sets. It's certainly not a nice movie, but the Neo-Realistic style makes the movie more realistic. But it cannot be for the shortcuts in the plot. Many of the plotting elements in the later American version are completely missing or shiny. And the end is far less interesting than the American movie - and misses the entire human nature dilemma when Turner and Garfield turn on each other like rats (the best part of the American movie). <br /> <br /> So what is the better movie? Well, a lot of this probably depends on you. As far as I am concerned, the Warner Brothers movie was just polished and unrealistic (though much like this style and doesn't like watching movies with subtitles) - but it made a good end. And the Italian movie was much, much more realistic - until the crappy end was rushing too fast. So neither film is exactly big, but I want to nod to the Italian one who is a little better. It's too bad they didn't combine the best elements of both movies into one exceptional movie.
