With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis may be the first film director to successfully portray the feel of ancient Greek theater. His own script, a modification of Euripides' tragedy, was far from easy, compared to the other two films of the trilogy he directed. The story was very carefully deconstructed from Euripides' version and placed in a logical, strict chronological framework, better suited to the modern methods of storytelling. Cacoyannis also added characters to his film that did not appear in Euripides' tragedy: Odysseus, Calchas and the army. This was done to clarify some of Euripides' points of war, church and government. Finally, Cacoyannis's Iphigenia finish is somewhat ambiguous compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> The movie was shot at Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a rugged but beautiful Greece, where since the Homeric days apparently became quiet. He uses the bodies, the dry land, the ruins, the intense light and the darkness. The hardness of the landscape is especially suited to the souls of the characters. The camera uses the entire spectrum of available shots, from the very long, strengthens the vastness and destruction of the landscape, as well as the human scale involved, to the utmost proximity, dissecting and deeply exploring the soul of the plagued characters . In particular, the opening of the film, with a brave accelerated detection shot along a line of stranded boats, followed by an aerial photograph of thousands of soldiers lying idle on the beach, is a very effective way to Agamemnon's enormous political and military communications communicate. responsibility. <br /> <br /> No word, but "sublime" can describe the beautiful performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakhstan and Papas embody the sublimity of the classic Greek tragedy. The characters of Kazakos are exceptionally nice, and his powerful look in the camera, beyond his words, reveals the incredible torment that tears his soul. Irene Papas is the modern character of classical Greek plays. In Iphigenia she is terrible in her anxiety, and even more so for what we know is her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the screen, is outstanding in her portrayal of the innocent Iphigenia, which is in conflict with Kazakos's harsh portrayal of her father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is true to Euripides in his representation of the other characters: Odysseus is a clever, cunning politician, Achilles, a vain, narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is self-centered, obsessed with his honor, eager to take revenge and restore his wife and property. <br /> <br /> The costumes and sets are realistic: no Hollywood there. Agamemnon's quarter looks like a shed, he dresses, like the rest, in durable, hand-made, simple clothes. The Clytemnestra's royal caravan consists of roughly carved wooden carts. <br /> <br /> The music is by the prolific contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis's score strengthens the dramatic and cinematic unfolding, reflecting on the psychological aspect of the tragedy and emphasizing its dimensions and actuality. <br /> <br /> This film and the story telling it provide a considerable insight into the lost world of ancient Greek thought it was the melting pot for so much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political beings. Euripides assesses the value of war and patriotism when measured by the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects the woman's vulnerable position in a world of male violence. In adapting Euripides' tragedy, Cacoyannis revives all of these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> Relationships in political concerns are clearly demonstrated: war destroys and destroys the human soul to such an extent that the individual or group cannot function normally. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor was harassed by his wife's elopement with her lover, each has his own private motivation to make war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst for power (Agamemnon ), greed (the army, Odysseus), or glory (Achilles). And so Helen actually became the WMD of the Trojan War. The war, cut off from all Homeric glory and religious sanctions, was merely an imperialist undertaking, driven mainly by the desire to gain material gain, and everything is a convenient pretext. <br /> <br /> Another conflict that arose in the film is that between the church and the state. Calchas, who represents the Church, feels the challenge of his priestly authority and wants to destroy Agamemnon for insulting the Goddess he serves, saying he must sacrifice his daughter. In the consent of the sacrifice, the King comes closer to his moral impatience, but in the refusal he loses his power over the masses (his army), which is being broken down by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must go along with the charade whether he believes honestly in the gods or not, until he realizes that he has relieved himself of committing a contemptible deadly crime. <br /> <br /> Is it a sacrifice or a murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? By focusing on the violent and primitive horror of a human sacrifice - and worst of all, sacrificing your own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is instantly deeply political and malicious. It becomes the most complex and delicate ethical problem facing any society: the serious conflict between the needs of the individual and that of society. However, in the case of Iphigenia, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own child. What kind of God will insist on such payment? Can it be fair or moral, even if it is spiritually inspired? Finally, does the daughter's sacrificial death differ from the death of all the sons and daughters sent to the war? These are very deep questions that run through a two-hour movie.
