The Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray murder in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway game called Machinal. More famous, it inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels. Anyone who has actually reached the point of reading this review will be familiar with - Double Indemnity and The Postman, Always Rings Twice. Both have become films of the 1940s, and dual indemnity is probably the most perfect noir ever made. Some of the real elements of the Snyder-Gray story were captured by Cain - the age group and indifference of Albert Gray, Ruth's high-sex ride, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair and complicity in the murder and the well-known double insurance policy. Missing elements include the fact that the real environment was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder is a respected newspaper editor. The numerous incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored to cut the hunt. <br /> <br /> Cain's Double Indemnity is perfectly filmed by Billy Wilder. Let's ignore Stanwyck's ludicrous wig as one of those interesting accidents of movie lore! However, the Postman Always Rings Twice was filmed three times and Ossessione, an Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. Before I comment, I would recommend the 1946 Lana Turner - John Garfield version in its entirety and five minutes from the 1981 Jack Nicholson - Jessica Long version for the big sex scene on the dining table. <br /> <br /> Ossession is not as noirish as The Postman Always Rings Twice. It has a strong neo-realistic appearance that makes it a good movie, but lacks many of the essential noir elements. It does not have low key lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not boiled and instead the film focuses more on characterization. This is the longest version of the story and goes deep into characterization. It's also much more sexual than the Lana Turner version. We have a very clear adulterous relationship and Giovanna is of course a nymphomania. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - with very clear homosexual overtones. There is also a small but very well played role for a dancer who moans as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than of crime. The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and dirt. The drifter is a complete tramp, the woman is no Lana Turner and may even have been a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was brilliant for this movie. My only beef is with the long time. Everything was taken too long and it would have been more effective if it were more economical. Yet, fans of noir and realism will definitely like Ossessione as I have.
