When people nowadays hear of a 1940's drama, it seems to be ironic that it is another tearjerker with big stars in the run up to tragic, melancholic roles. However, this opinion does not look like Neorealist movies, especially those by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE Once his debut is censored and once cherished as almost a realistic masterpiece, some people still love and become highly criticized. The contradictory views on the film that appeared in these 65 years appear to be caused by the content of the movie itself, particularly controversial for modern times as well as past. At the same time, while James M. Cain is based on the novel, the POSTMAN ALWAYS is RING TWO, which is one of the most true screen adaptations where the director remains his own style, see, his own art. I saw the movie twice and the second show led me to a very detailed analysis that I would like to include below. <br /> <br /> First, Visconti's movie seems to touch all the psychology and behavior people can do. in life, especially those who are absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) arrives at a traveler with "carrier like shoulders" at the intersection of a highway near Ferrara and arrives in the tavern. Although many people go to a meal there, Gino suggests getting something more - much more: the tireless desire of beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a woman who is already married to an elderly person man who manages the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa). Her body and her song have his mind completely and from the moment of their first love, the couple plan to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together. But people are bound to wrong deeds in the face of desire? Can You Build Love on Murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Need a dangerous addiction or even obsession? In the meantime, such questions arise while watching the movie, when the viewer in the core is provided with insight into characters. "We must love loving one another" answers. Giovanna apparently gives a cure for all crying conscience, but may the love needed justify and heal everything? "Isn't that what we both wanted," said one of the couple ... it seems that it's not. Therefore, the content of the film looks very dangerous if it is not analyzed with intellect and heart. Yet, it is constantly thoughtful. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point talking to modern viewers: brilliant moments and wonderful cinematography, which goes along with unforgettable sequences and visual power. It makes a modern viewer realize that a movie made almost 70 years ago is absolutely entertaining to watch. They range from tasteful erotic images to pure technical shots. Who can possibly hit that moment in Ferrara, where Gino buys a beautiful girl, a kind of Ragazza Perfetta (perfect girl), Anita dancer and her ice cream. His desires point him completely differently ... Do viewers indifferent to Gino-Giovanna's first encounter? The first focus of the camera is on Giovanna's legs, which apparently represent desirable desire for Gino's love. A shot of wonder is that Gino and Giovanna leave the investigation room and the close-up of their shadows, which focuses on their suspicious appearance. <br /> <br /> Third, OSSESSIONE can boast excellent performance with both the leading pair and the supporting role. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that the work in this movie was one of the most difficult work he ever did; Still, what comes out is a flawless play. He portrays a bisexual man who is committed in a crime, but he cannot stand any of the objects that remind him of his victim's conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo) he meets in very surprising circumstances in the train for Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was cast into the role after Anna Magnani on Sunday refused to perform well and we can claim that there is a real chemistry between the couple. They are both very convincing. Besides, I love Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: he portrays an old man who is not loving his wife and still loves high art. In some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walk in the empty streets that sing his favorite opera songs to karaoke performances. In the sum, we as modern viewers who are capable of critical view, should watch this movie very objectively. It is surely art, thanks to the aspects mentioned above, it is also a powerful story thanks to the controversy it carries; Yet is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini who said he had no message for mankind. In such cases, she will only entertain movies (which is not quite Fellini's style, of course). Visconti always has something to convey. What did he want to say here? Is the movie against a bad marriage? Or is it against wrong actions of people who are absorbed by desire? The last shocking moments tell themselves. Although you do not agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderfully realistic movie, one of Visconti's best 8/10
