Audiences today will probably see a movie like Ossessione and not really considering how unprecedented it was during the time it came out. The structure of the film really separates from juice-happy Hollywood conventions, as well as other major theater elements. It relies more on portraying reality in a very dark and sober light. Movies of this nature? The neo-realistic movies? Made to reflect the dark feeling during World War II. Ossessione tackles some disappointing problems that were probably unseen before the war, including adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. In addition to the single-stroke and certain musical swelling moments, the film-aesthetic is ripe and eager: shot on the spot, use natural lighting and probably non-popular actors. All of these elements helped to convey the issues explored in the film, giving the following theme: Negative karmic effects will haunt those who deliberately act illegally. <br /> <br /> The two lead? Gino and Giovanna ?? are polar opposers, but both carry the mentality: we are bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a driver; a lonely traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored housewife who is cemented in the well-known marriage engagement: she does not want to leave her home and husband, but will rather stay where she is because it is safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle Giovanna craves; The only difference is that she is too scared to live it herself. That's why she falls in love with Gino: he represents everything she wants, but doesn't have the courage to get it. She wants to live in a world free from the monotony of life with her corpulent husband? Gino is the perfect ticket in the world. The affair, which was probably left behind, came back in the 40's and felt a bit uncomfortable. I mean, movies before the neo-realistic age have never shown such scandalous behavior on the screen. To say the least, it was probably a little worrying. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the theme, the neo-realistic style helps adversely affect adultery behavior. Successful, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressed and eventually abducted lives. When Gino and Giovanna team up to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, karma comes after them as a plague after the act has been done. They return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as can be expected from the neo-realistic style). They are not happy; they are actually more depressed. They thought by eliminating Giovanna's husband that they would live happier lives, but they were abducted. The movie ends with Giovanna's death? It is in the karmic parable of her husband's death. I think this is a very satisfying end to several reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There is much talk about whether or not evil should be displayed on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think the depiction of evil is much needed as and only if the evil depiction is not glorified, but rather shows what negative consequences the evil acts have. As the subtext of Ossessione asks, is adultery and murder evil? I think the movie responds yes yes! The adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically, by the end of the movie, when they seem to be healed of their depression and are seen in the arms of each other's arms in the car, the author of the film shows that their luck is a facade: the car crashing from the cliff down the river, killing Giovanna; Police arrest Gino. I think it was the author's intention to say that, although people sometimes try to justify their indirect behavior, karma will eventually return to haunt them. I agree. I think the two have what came to them because they were both incredibly selfish. They always wanted immediate gratification and were not prepared to endure through difficult times. This is particularly evident after the first sign of problems Gino and Giovanna experience in their relationship: he cannot handle the pressure of life in Giovanna's man's shadow. He leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. It is typical of the insatiable, hedonistic personality. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie was very risky for its time. However, the audience was prepared to watch such a movie because of the austerity that brought the war. These pre-war happy films are no longer believed. Film audiences were ready to see and conceive difficult movies with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in so-called sin because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione serves as a great catalyst for where the future of the film was going. That is, many of the naturalism pieces we see today can be said to be influenced by the neo-realistic movie movement.
