Visconti's first feature, Ossessione, is an adaptation of James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice. Now, I'm not familiar with the book or other movie performances, but I'm a big fan of Cain's dual indemnity (much more when I'm a fan of Billy Wilder's movie version). The two novels look like they should be very similar. Both involve an illegal love affair where a ravenous woman complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and meaning to her. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Calamai, is not angry incarnation like the woman in double insurance, but she looks very spoiled. Her husband (a big show by Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she seems to me to be at least as compromising with him. He is older than her and unattractive, so she is quite capricious. When Gino pops up, a young, muscular man, it takes her about five minutes to get him to bed. She swears she wants to be with him forever, but she's stuck with her husband. They break up first, but when they meet again, they (apparently, though deliberately vague) plan to kill the man. They are successful, and they move back to the woman's hometown to run the bar that her husband owns. Gino is very unimaginative about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the one thing he definitely doesn't want is to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship crumbles quickly. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it's a bit too long. At two o'clock and twenty-two minutes, I can't figure out how long it took! This is partly due to the neo-realistic stylistics that Visconti finds out in this movie. After all, it was the first movie to win that label. We see much of the action prolonged, as it would be in real life, without rushing to the next plot point. I've seen many of Visconti's films, and the only one I like better than those is Rocco and His Brothers (1960). His direction is as great as ever, with the camera brilliant and the editing perfect. I also feel the need to show the best performance of the film, by Dhia Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named Anita who meets Gino after trying to break away from Giovanna. She's just in the movie for maybe five or six minutes, and she only has a few lines. It is shocking how many Visconti and Christiani can do with this character in such a short time. She is absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.
