Ossession, loosely customized (or if it's so loose or near the version I see from James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can't be sure) by first director Luchino Visconti , it is no less outstanding with the use of miss-and-play, music (both lethal and non-dying), and the acting. I didn't know what to expect Visconti to do in his approach to the material, after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how his political motivation sometimes sniffed. But it is a character and emotional drama that borders on the melodrama, but without the conventions that chase the little ones, and with the style in the best path of the emerging movie noir movement, Visconti creates a debut like any other neo-realistic movie. Neo-realism, incidentally, can be legitimately claimed because it is an ancestor (along with De Sica's The Children's Watching Us), which would form it after the war. Although love and romance are more in play here than in some of the most famous neo-realistic efforts, it is covered on a bare-biting story, and it is tinkering with other well-known neo-realism themes (the lower class, death, desperation ). <br /> <br /> Apart from the story, which is simple as described on this site, the artworks with which Visconti captures the images and then uploads them are objects (a shawl over Gino Costa's profile when in debt are shadows and darkness that dominate many of the later scenes in the film (usually about Gian and Giovanna), and the feeling of Italian streets in many of the out-of-the-way scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who want to lens Rossellini and Fellini's films) help to see the appearance of Ossession, which usually moves on a character, and then waits to read so much emotion on their faces, their voices and ways beautiful and ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I just scratched the surface about how effective it was that the movie itself moved me, even though I was scared of the future of the two leaders. The two clues (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) portray all the compelling, truthful and near-operational emotions, and the key supporting actors are also without their traits. <br /> <br /> It is a brilliant, crushing adjustment, and it shows as a striking sign of what Visconti would do in his career.
