To watch more than 6 decades later is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in film history and more specifically how Italian filmmakers are forever (from Ossessione and De Sica's "I Bambini Ci Guardano", both 1943). up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes a wonderful straight debut and takes the (unreasonable) plot of "The Postman Always Rings Twice" as a guide to developing his own themes. <br /> <br /> It still strikes us how before his time "Ossessione" was. Shooting in Fascist Italy during World War II (think about that!), It depicted screens and themes that prompted the movie to be banned from the theaters - and the fact that it used the plot of a famous American novel and no copyright paid did not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" reveals poverty-stricken wartime Italy (far from the idealized Italy depicted in Fascist "Telefoni Bianchi" movies); but it is also extremely risky in his sexual openness, with a shirtless dog Gino (Massimo Girotti, who definitely precedes Brando's Kowalski in a Streetcar Named Desire "), with Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, only 5 minutes after they first met in bed, we look at Calamai's ominous, factual dress and the subtle but unmistakable homosexual tips between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, his face, not other than Pierre Clémenti, shot by the Nazis in 1945 at 28 years of age!) ... In a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as ruthless as it was rarely ever before in Italian theater. <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after its opening - it was called shameful and indecent, and Visconti managed to save some pressure, and when the movie was released after the war, the Most critics are the leading runner of the Neo-Realisti called the movement, which preceded Rossellini's Roma CItà Aperta and De Sica's Sciuscià. Some other critics, perhaps more appropriate, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian counterpart for the "poetic realism" of the French film (remember Visconti was Renoir's assistant), especially Marcel Carné's Quai des Brumes and Le Jour's Lève, and Julien Duvivier's "Pépe le Moko". <br /> <br /> While "Ossessione" may be neo-realistic in its visual language (depicting the war-time-paesan life in Italy with its popular bursaries, poverty, child labor, prostitution, bums, scams, etc.), The characters and themes have already been decided Viscontian. He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the dozens of elites as in realistic "everyday" characters and themes favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we already find elements of drama and tragedy that were later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" (Visconti's definite deviation from Neo-Realistic aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in his Most "Neo-Realist" film, "La Terra Trema", lets his fishermen rise from day-to-day characters to mythological figures. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a great opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists whose body of work approaches, analyzes and develops specific themes and problems over and over, from their first to last opus, regardless of whether the landscape, background or time change can change. Visconti may play with the frame, but the themes and essence of his art are, indeed, obsessively repetitive. "Ossessione" should not be missed: you will certainly be fascinated by this groundbreaking, powerful movie.
