There I was alone in my apartment on Saturday night with the choice to watch CITIZEN X or The Eurovision Song Contest and for the benefit of Americans reading it, I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from countries across Europe and Little Asia has a song contest. At the end of the game countries agree to see what was the best song. It's a game that is even less exciting than it sounds and it shouldn't come as a shock when I say that song and song art is not of Lennon and McCartney's caliber. And I have to fix something in the first sense of this review because the word "Choice" is misleading because it was a music lover. I didn't see TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits cast for Citizen X expect a run mill serial killer whodunnit, but I'll fool everyone to call it. It is clear within the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. What the film does shows the failures of communism: a serial killer comrade! This is the Soviet Union. Series killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems. "This ingenious attitude goes much further than denial, there is a scene where a sub-captain sits in a freezing train station to keep track of possible suspects while wearing his police jacket because it is the only warm jacket he has! And of course, all the suspects who are members of the communist party are released without interrogation that will affect the final death toll, all of which are well done, as we are shown to be the communist party system being put to the test, but about two-thirds of the way through CITIZEN X, we find in 1990, as communism is on its last legs and police reforms have been under way, and it is at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to a lack of political subtext CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller played well by the cast especially Donald Sutherland as a father li a police chief. Strangely, a few years ago, I read something written by famous criminologist Colin Wilson in which he said something that made serial killers catch themselves so that they would be the center of attention in the media spotlight. I found myself denying the party heads there, a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media is controlled by the party, and anyone who is old enough to listen to Radio Moscow or read English translations of Pravda, will know that the USSR is just news articles such as potato harvest, coal production and thank you letters from Afghanistan, Cuba etc. Soviet aid. The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But I think if a tree falls into a remote Siberian forest, it will still make a noise, though no one is there to hear it.
