I remember the case of André Chicatillo in the newspapers while I lived in South Africa. They put photos of him in his loft while being prosecuted in court. Not, as it turns out, to protect the court members, but to protect him from the public. It was fascinating, though read morbid, read. I later heard that a movie was made by HBO about the case, but it was made for American TV. Bummed! Oddly enough, CITIZEN X has a limited movie collection in South Africa. I charged at the local Star Kinekor complex and bought a ticket properly (I was alone. My girlfriend was just interested in STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATO's at that time). Wow! What a brilliant movie. Why is it not released to a wider audience? If it's not made for TV, it could be an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to spoil the end; whoever is the murderer is never held by the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn depicts a really scary psycho. He is calm, sad, regarded as a failure by his wife and is constantly mocked and humiliated by his superiors at work. By committing these terrible acts, he becomes strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> To fight against all chances, a pathologist, played by Stephen Rea, is one of his strongest performances. He has to beat the rate of Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources he has at his disposal, and (especially) the refusal by his superiors to admit that the USSR even has a serial killer. The General in Control (Joss Ackland) says serial killers are a decadent, Western phenomenon. "Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help, but his help must be under the counter. The ever brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who breaks protocol and decides to help investigators in their search, this is the first time in Russian history that a shrink is being used to build a profile of a serial killer on the loose, and he has everything to do to lose if his involvement is made public. <br /> <br /> BURGER X has been brilliantly acting, well-written and the music and editing only adds to the tension and theme of the movie, excellent support for a terrible under-utilized Imelda Staunton and a real sense of impending punishment make CITIZEN X a movie, too good to be made for TV
