What makes for the best photo material? The Oscars have come for a lot of stick for the rewards of remaining obsolete glasses and ignore the "authors" who will be rejected for decades. It wasn't because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The academy awards are the choices made by the industry itself, and so they rewarded the greatest collaboration, the sensational encounters of creative thoughts, at least in the classical era. <br /> <br /> For several years, the Arthur Freedom Unit at MGM has been bound for Oscar-winning glory; It was just a matter of time before Freed, assisted by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some of the best musical stars in the business, would give a best picture. Freed probably did more to increase the status of the musical than anyone else, taking pictures that ruined the story and song without losing the dynamic spectacle of the 30's. The point about Freed musicals is that the lyrics of the songs, unlike Hammerstein or Lerner, should not tell or even relate to the stories. What matters is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit the structure of the movie. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals (the other two singin 'in the rain and the bandwa) who took existing classical numbers from their original context and put them in a completely unrelated work story. The words do not match the plot, but the routines fit the display. So, when Gene Kelly sings, I have a rhythm, he hasn't even had a girl, but the way it is done with the French children who join is a great character, and the sincere tune and dance give the movie the small lift it needs at this point. An American in Paris also used the line-break that allowed the genre to include some unconventional flights to tell the story, such as the series of dances accompanying Leslie Caron's description. <br /> <br /> And what better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and a pianist? At the moment there wasn't really anyone who had a better feel for Technicolor. While some directors will saturate each scene in one color or fill the screen with conflicting shades, Minnelli's color schemes are strictly controlled but never seem compelled. In the opening scenes, the tones are fairly muffled, but not dead, and especially there is an absence of red. During Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary's meeting in the cafe, a few vibrant shades are introduced. Then, at the first music number, "At Strauss" does Minnelli bring in spaces of red? a tablecloth, a lot of roses ?? until it finally dominates, as if the song awakened the color scheme of the picture. For most of the songs, the colors are choreographed as complexly as the people. But in some numbers, like "Tra-la-la", he keeps the shades the same and opens the space while the song warms up and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> The Achilles' Heel of an American in Paris is his story. I find the romantic corner personally unpleasant and play like a last hurray for the misogynistic love stories that became rulers in the 30's. the strong, independent woman is rejected while the gentle, delicate girl is hung in the heart of the hero. Even if you don't mind it is difficult to relate emotionally to the story, as it is constantly overshadowed by the songs and dances. Compare it to Singin 'in the Rain, which doesn't really have as many routines or memorable set pieces as an American in Paris, but it has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked at the Oscars of 1952, but this is considered a classic of the genre today. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, not just a way of telling a story. An American in Paris is not deep or tempting or tearing, but like a certain DeMille picture that won the award next year, it's definitely a good performance.
