The dazzling seventeen-minute dance series of George Gershwin's 1928 orchestra, an American in Paris, is an undisputed masterpiece. The powerful combination of color, music and dance is still strikingly frightened by the exact and unparalleled flair of Gene Kelly. The piece was broken down into plays inspired by selected master artists. Dufy in the opening Place de la Concorde piece, Manet In the flower market, Utrillo in a Paris street, Rousseau at the shoulder, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular Place de l'Opera, and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge where Kelly is famous wearing white body suit. The 97 minutes ahead of this final is not as exciting, but not a long shot, but there are some charms to view the entire Oscar award-winning 1951 musical. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner focused a surprisingly sophisticated as a slightly light romantic story on Jerry Mulligan, a former CI who stayed in Paris after World War II. trying to live as a painter. With his braggadocio fashion and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be both captivating and annoying as a peculiarity, but he seems to find his oeuvre as the carefree Jerry. The Love Triangle Plan focuses on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed handshake, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On their first day at a busy nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry falls unapologetically to Lise, a young woman who appears to be the fiance of Henri, a professional entertainer and friend of Jerry's pel, Adam, an out-of-work concert pianist . Romantic complications lead to the inevitable end, but not before several classic Gershwin songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best of these is the most imitation - a glowing romantic song and dance to "Our Love is here to stay" a faux-Seine River in a blue cloudy mist with yellow lights . The way Kelly and Leslie Caron surround each other is transcendent, as they initially tentatively approach each other and then synchronize beautifully with the music leading to the final. Few films have shown so elegantly and concisely that two people fall in love. "I have rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" spotlight. Kelly's pretty dancing and pleasant singing, while Embraceable You is dazzlingly dazzled by Caron in a five-scene Henri's all-over-the-map description of Adam's Adam. Designed to portray Caron's dance versatility, the sequence is similar to the one in "On the Town" where Vera-Ellen showed her considerable dance skills when Kelly's sailor character describes his multicolored vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <br /> As Lise dances nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first movie) beautifully and treats her role with unshaped charm with her acting talent not to bloom for a few years. Nina Foch plays much older than the manipulative Milo and manages to be equal enough to care for her fate, while Oscar Levant is just his sardonic self as Adam. With an elegant "I'll build a step to paradise," George Guetary Henri is so happy that you feel bad about losing the girl to the end. It's not the best all-around MGM musical, but there's definitely enough movie magic to make it really worth it. The 2000 DVD contains a fairly pristine print, but little more in terms of extras.
