This particular setting of Wagner's last opera has grown on me. When I first saw it, I was a little irritated by many of the surrealistic images, and I felt that the story was too much. However, if you can find quite a few recherché "gimmicks", I think you will find that the movie manages to capture the very strange, other worldly atmosphere of the opera and that there are special moments. Personally, I never really understood the role of Kundry until I see how Edith Clever portrayed her. Her performance (a lips-synchronized mime voice from Yvonne Minton's singing voice) is nothing but brilliant from end to end, and only justifies the hours it takes to absorb the film. Another reason for Genot in this movie is that it captures Robert Lloyd's spectacular interpretation of Gurnemanz's crucial role, which Lloyd has done in a sharp opera house around the world. I was fortunate to enjoy him several times in the role of Gurnemanz on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera, and the warmth of his interpretation of this noble character really had to be preserved, just as his performance in the character's two great monologues, Carousel scene and the story of the prophecy in Law 1. <br /> <br /> The version I saw was a videotape made for America, and so there were subtitles that, unfortunately, can't be done away do not become. This is especially unfortunate because the translated version is very inaccurate and forces a very Christian interpretation on a film that is already forcing low interpretations on the opera. It was a little contradictory to Wagner's clear avoidance of Christianity and its very deliberate attempt to "generalize" the Christian elements of the story. (See footnote with spoiler at the end of this review.) I find it almost impossible to see a movie with subtitles, not to absorb it, and strongly recommend it if in the DVD versions you can change the subtitles down, you do it, and instead, if the opera is unknown to you, you read the libretto carefully. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that there is a lot in the movie that I don't like just as soon as it did differently ... but it has grown gradually over the years since I first saw it, and I find myself repeating it to enjoy it again and again. <br /> <br /> FOOTNOTES WITH A SPOILER: A good example is Kundry's famous line, "I saw him ... him ... and laughed." It is translated into the captions, for reasons that escape me, such as "I saw the Savior's face." This is particularly annoying to me because Wagner refers to this unseen character very deliberately and carefully. WHAT SHOULD NOT BE THE BIBLE Jesus being "the Savior", that is, the German for "The Healer" - a reference to the wound of Amfortas and all wounds and abuses and the need for healing.
