Parsifal (1982) With Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, Director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight From the German film school, the kind that benefited the ton of symbolism and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealism, this 1982 film of Wagner's final masterpiece -Parsifal wrote to agree with Good Friday / Easter and the dedication of the Bayreuth Opera House. This movie follows the musical score and plot accurately, but the way it is filmed and performed is bold and avant-garde and no other Parsifal takes the crown in its bizarre movie. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Before this film, he released films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism, and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his granddaughters. This film may be disturbing in many ways. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but performed by Michael Kutter) is a male throughout the first part of the film and then, after the magic of Kundry's coast, it is transformed into a woman. This gender-bending element shows the female / male / ying-yang nature of the search for the Holy Grail, which serves all mankind and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the pagan wizard Klingsor's fortress there are photographs of such infamous sinister figures such as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matilde Wesendock. The Swaztika flag hangs outside the fort. Parsifal travels in the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the film. The alluring flower arrangements are in the nude. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of beautiful but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve of Genesis (played by Edith Clever but beautifully sung by mezzosoprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this film is for fans of this kind of bizarre Germanic / European symbolic metafiction and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of the Wagner opera. Indeed, the singing is great and compelling. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a focussed and intense voice, but lacks the depth and overall magnitude of the bigger stage of the stage - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and today 's own Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensuous, dramatic and exciting Kundry, who has inaugurated perfectly in her plight. While the production is definitely unorthodox and as Wagnerian, it is possible (Wagner's concept was a Christian ceremonial pump with graves, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark wizard, darkness that comes to light, etc. Typical Wagnerian themes). It's still a pleasant, art-house movie.
