It's a great movie to watch or show young people. Apart from a very short nude scene, it offers an interesting look at the colonial rule in Africa that you will rarely find in other films. It bears a superficial resemblance to OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic fluff. The whites in Cameroon are fascinating because they don't even consider the natives as humans. The Whites are all bosses and they expect black weakness without any doubt. Unlike true servants, you only hear one of the Whites, 'thank you' and no other thing is given to these people. Again, it is as if they are pets or slaves, since the feelings of the people are never even considered. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this thoughtlessness is the relationship between mother, Aimée and her servant, Protée. Although they sometimes spend together and it is only normal for them to have sexual feelings towards each other, the White woman is considering Protea or the existence of his feelings. A good example of this thoughtlessness is when she has her dress on her knees, and it is clear that he is very sexually frustrated by this. Apart from this relationship, while almost all the Whites are completely unaware of the fact that the Africans are people, some go as far as to abuse orally and treat them like garbage. <br /> <br /> Also interesting is the relationship between Protée and the girl (who is the one who grew at the beginning and end of the movie). While very close, he is sometimes like a toy or pet and the girl never plays with indigenous children. <br /> <br /> There is a bizarre White character who sometimes looks like the Blacks, but better. Unfortunately, his character is very contradictory and confusing. At one moment he does hard work next to the Blacks or eats with them (something the other Whites would never have done) and the next he tries to defeat Protée! I could only guess what motivated him. Maybe he was just a push, or was mad or maybe a communist agitator who tried to riot the Blacks against the Whites (who knows!). In fact, besides some good scenes, this character looks almost lost. <br /> <br /> While I really enjoy the insight that this movie gave, I wish it was more than just a few bits of this world. through the perspective of a child during a small period of her life. The context and what happened to leave the country of colonialism is never addressed and the film made me want more. The movie began in the early 1980s (since wearing a Walkman style headset) and when the movie came back in time, it appeared to be around 1960 (more or less), but there was never mention of the 1950s anti-colonialism violence or independence for the nation in the early 1960s. I suspect some of this may be confusing that the film's creators are screwed and MUST make the film's early (like the 1970s) and remember the lady in her early 1950s. before the country experienced political change. <br /> <br /> Apart from the lack of context and confusion over periods, it was a good idea to use the prologue and epilogue that showed her as an adult on the land. And I also appreciated the end, as it was a pleasant surprise if you find out more about the nice man who offers her a ride. But in general, it feels just like something is missing - there is no kind of resolution or message other than showing colonialism unthinkable and cruel.
