I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat before I looked at it. I didn't know anything about the story, the cast, the director or anything about the history of the movie. All I knew was a well-known French film. If I knew more, I probably wouldn't have seen the picture with an open mind. On paper, the point of departure does not seem interesting to me. If I knew what Chocolat used to be, my interest in watching would be limited. But not knowing the story helped me enjoy it. Throughout I didn't know where the story was going, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was, as nothing else, a predictable movie. Indeed, it could have been as the story is told in flashbacks. To tell a story in flashbacks is often a risky move from filmmakers. As the main character is seen today, the audience knows she will live. Using the recoil technique, director Claire Denis can ensure that the young girl makes it into maturity without any serious physical damage, which gives the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story more about emotions than on the outside. A lesser filmmaker would give France an exuberant face, one that shouts of confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis offers France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks good on the outside. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that Chocolat is more about France's mother as she has given much more screen time, although I believe it is ultimately about France. For me, what Chocolat really is about is how a mother's actions affect her daughter. It's about how parents' behavior stays with their offspring. France is not destroyed by her mother's actions in the story, but her mother's actions clearly made an impression on France. If France is not affected at all by her mother's actions, the jump-back aspect will be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a movie dealing with two periods, the past and present, Chocolat was very good, there was no scene of excess fat. Neither of the screens felt grumpy or out of place. The movie has nice rhythm, critical editing, and just left what was needed to tell the story. With a well-known story, solid editing and organized direction, Chocolat is one of the better French movies I've seen. It was responsible for Claire Denis' career and for good reason: this is an incredible legal policy.
