West African Claire Denis' Chocolat in the Cameroon in the 1950s is a beautifully photographed and emotional resonant depicting the effects of dying colonialism on a young family in the recent years of the French government. The theme is similar to the recent one anywhere in Africa, although the films in scope and emphasis are very different. The film is told from the perspective of an adult who returns to her childhood in a foreign country. France Falls (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, reminds her of her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in the French Cameroon and had a loving friendship with the breeding slave, Protée ( Isaach de Bankolé). However, the heart of the film revolves around France's mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love / hate affair with Protée who is engaged in unspoken sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The household is divided into public and private spaces. The white families' rooms are private and out of bounds for anyone except Protea who works in the home while the servants are forced to eat and shower outside, simply exposing their bare bronze bodies to the white family's tins. It becomes clear when her husband, Marc (François Cluzet), moves away that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted, but prevents the rules of society from being openly recognized. In one narrative series, she invites him into her bedroom to help her put on her dress and the two look at each other's image in the mirror with a challenging longing in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> The young France (Cecile Ducasse) also forms a bond with the slave, feeding him from her plate, showing her how to eat cottage cheese, and carrying her on his shoulders in the course of the night sky. Despite their commitment, the true nature of their master-servant relationship is clear when France commands Protée to interrupt his conversation with a teacher and immediately take her home. When Protée sat next to her at the table, she waited for her next assignment. When an aircraft loses its propeller and has to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move in the connection until a replacement part can be found. Every visitor shows their contempt for the Afrikaners, one, a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation, bringing food from the kitchen to his black mistress in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant white Frenchman, upsets the racial balance when he uses the outside, eats with the servants, and denies Aimée about her appeal to Protée which leads her to a final emotional confrontation with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is loosely autobiographical, adapted from the children's memories of the director, and is slow-paced and as mysterious as the emerging isolation of the country on which it is filmed. Denis shows her the consequences of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters. There are no victims or oppressors, no sympathetic good guys. Protea is a servant, but he is also a protector than when he stands over the bed where Aimée and her daughter sleep to protect them from a lift. It is a sad fact that Protée is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankole imbues his character with such dignity and stature that it reduces the pain. Because of his pace, Western audiences may work hard to fully appreciate the film and Denis does not, in Roger Ebert's phrase, "our emotions coach". The truth of Chocolat lies in the gestures and tins that touch the silent longing of our heart.
