Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy introduces natural materials into ephemeral artworks, sets rocks in egg-shaped chicks, fills rocky waters in rocky waters with fiery flowers, and spines thorns and twigs into intricate web patterns. An original work and a few pictures of his other creations are thrown into a corner of the Southampton Art Gallery (near where I live), but although I found these pieces, I just realized the wonder of Goldsworthy's work I was happy to bring Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, bringing Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist work. The opening scene captures melting ice scrap tests in a snake-like wire sitting at the top of a tree trunk. With his teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy crafts work a beautiful, ephemeral work. Earlier this delicate sculpture melts into nothing in the stunning Nova Scotia sunlight. This scene is one of the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and ingenuity of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both the successes and the failures, the frustration of pieces collapsing before they are completed, as well as the glory of those who shine, even for just a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself gives the narrative, speaks slowly but thoroughly about the themes in his work. He makes it clear that he needs to work with nature, be alone there and promote his understanding by trying to work with natural materials, even if he seems to be working against him. Sometimes he is down-to-earth and humorous; At other times he struggles for the words to express his purpose ?? something quite understandable when he sees his amazing work firsthand. The 'Rivers and Tides' of the title are becoming increasingly applicable as we see that the natural materials move through the artist's hands, flowing from one form to the next. The capturing of the creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is in itself a striking piece of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with a wide variety of materials covering land across North America and Europe, offering one-on-one artwork in this movie is exhausting; It gave me the same feeling of fatigue I get when I spend too long in an art gallery and struggle to take something new. A short while in which we are introduced to Andy's family and home town is all that breaks the long succession of his artworks. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer does a beautiful job of photographing Goldsworthy and his creations and finding them in their wider area, from Canadian rivers to straight Scottish hills. As a result, the film ends with Goldsworthy throwing a handful of earth and snow into the air. Volatile patterns emerge from the dust particles, even if they disappear into the air; it is the purest expression of the beauty found in the work of this remarkable artist.
