I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this movie I wasn't quite sure I was going to sit down the whole thing. Like many people, I found it very boring, and I didn't look forward to an hour and a half to look and visit this guy. However, if by creating his first job long enough to see the final product, you get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the movie is. I really think it is sad that so many people have found it unreasonably boring or a repetition of ideas done by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a silent study of some of Andy Goldsworthy's artworks and methods, making his art entirely natural, which is usually found in nature that is consumed by nature by nature. will be. entropy process. It's slow and ominous, but I think much of the movie's point is to show that Goldsworthy's art doesn't need any guidance to be appreciated. I even heard people complain about how he always speaks through the movie, rather than just talking about nature and his artwork for himself, which I just think is crazy. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain about CDs being written in the lyrics. Many musicians also think their music should mean what the listener wants it to mean without the musician showing the exact lyrics. I think I'm just the kind of person who believes I want to know what the artist was trying to do. to reach with his or her artwork. I can still take it, whatever I want, even if I know what it was meant to do. I can understand that he doesn't want to hear him through the movie. He lost his mind and didn't find his work once, but if you didn't want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching the movie, feel free to turn the sound off. It's like not reading the lyrics if you don't want to know what a musician is singing and rather the words themselves. <br /> <br /> I think Andy Goldsworthy's work, which I had no idea before I watched this movie, is incredibly impressive and I'm glad this movie was made to portray it. Indeed, since his work is generally not the kind that can be transported in a studio, photography is the only medium other than film that can express it and I greatly appreciate seeing the work in his art. and the way that only natural things are used. Whether you appreciate some aspects of how this film is being presented, Goldsworthy's work moves enough to overcome it, because the movie is not the star, Goldsworthy's art is. And the lack of music or even the smallest special effects and the slow movements of the movie, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it.
