Zero Day has a purpose and it is not only entertaining, but delivers a message about his specialized subject school shooting. Chartering lives the lives of two friends André and Cal who lead an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the film started a little trivial, an impromptu announcement of the upcoming attack in amateur teenage style followed by a few brief encounters with the boys families. It is not long before we are with the boys who show us their collection of guns, their fetishistic love for them, their spread sporadic narcissistic fantasies and even in a controversial scene how to build pump bombs. <br /> <br /> So, what's the movie trying to say? What motivates it very quickly to be killers. It seems difficult to really establish. They certainly do not appear as cold-blooded psychopaths, but they are planning an act of pure brutality. It brings me to what I feel the genius in that part of Zero day. Cal and André are constantly talking about how much they are on a different level, the rest of us they are and how they leave us all. "Like the column killers, they really feel better. Like Niezsche's rest sentiment, Cal and Andres seem to be born of a rejection system from their society. Yet we just get a summary of this, an expression of hatred for a popular athlete. So where is the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio has depicted two individuals desperately to make a statement of superiority a gesture of their power, but that has no reasonable place for it. That is why they turn to mass murder and the kind that will get them more attention than they could ever realize. Therefore, school shooters seem to be able to do some horrific acts in spite of good, stable homes. The murder is part of a fantasy, Cal and André are completely lost in their fantasy that they hardly see the reality of their deeds. They change fantasy into a tragedy. <br /> <br /> What secondly is the most excitement about this movie is the character development and the unique reliance Cal and André have on each other. André is openly the leader of the two throughout the film, Cal's embrace of his attitude and clothes seems somewhat forced. André is abundant, André is intense and serious. He shoots completely different from his family, he is meticulous and accurate about everything he does and for a while the leading man in the plot appears to attack the school. Still, he is in his own way, he does not take teenage nonsense, and partly we feel compelled to agree with him, but these moments are crushed by André's brief gestures of violence. The audience treat us as confidential and potential victim. Cal, on the other hand, looks more relaxed than Andre, more acceptance of reality. Yet he is dominant in his own way. We have many personal moments of introspection with Cal's video diary, scenes when he is alone and except André. Cal seems to struggle with his own personal demons and uses their plan to practice himself. André is jealous of Cal after the prom with an old friend, he wants Cal everything for himself. Cal puts Andre on and encourages him. For the first time in his life, André apparently found someone who believes in him and who admires him cannot lose it. While Cal found someone giving him a way out. <br /> <br /> The movie definitely picks up the pace and improves as it approaches its grim conclusion. There is an excellent moment when Cal attends high school prom. Suddenly, the star of the movie is ashamed and introverted, not at all with its peers. Yet we tend to feel more connected with Cal than with the furious bawdy crowd shouting young youth while drinking heavily in their limo. They are an episode that is too general and recognizable. We don't want to talk to them when it's over, and Cal is quiet with André to make one of their final videos. We love the characters who once again feel safe in the fantasy world they have created. We feel like avoiding the masses as they have. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is wonderful. The final video sees André and Cal just in their car just moments before attack. It's all too real and really creates a sense of impending punishment. Famous we know Cal and André and realize they are going to do it, with a kind of morbid fascination we also illuminate the films catharsis. <br /> <br /> Sometimes the bloodbath shot in CCTV mode is shocking. and while it was definitely the perfect choice to portray the massacre when we go there, it's not wrong. Most importantly, the sudden radical change of perception we have of Cal and André, and look at them in this person, suddenly they are the careless murderers we knew they would be, refused to admit they It would. It's violent and really, our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy, which they cost everything. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of teenagers filming themselves to set up the crosses that Andre and Calvin have horrified that they are commemorating. If you know André and Cal, we can almost feel a sad feeling that they are actually gone and that they certainly have won nothing. <br /> <br /> Zero day is a must see for anyone interested in these violent acts caused by media sensation. It is a character study worth experiencing.
