As always, controversial movies have these mixed reviews. You also love it, or you hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. It points to the perspective of the murderers, something I personally feel is important to consider. You may hate them, you can claim to understand them and feel like you can have relationships, but regardless of this movie, you will be thinking your shot from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The movie is shot entirely by a handheld camera, something I think works pretty well because it makes it more realistic. It is completely told of the murderers' point of view, from their "missions" to family outings, all leading on the big day "Zero Day" in which they plan to plan a massacre at their school. Zero Day doesn't offer answers, but just gives a glimpse of the lives of two upset young boys and makes the audience decide. Our feelings about the boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred, but we are confused about why two ordinary young boys would do such a thing. They are surprisingly normal, typical teenage boys who lead ordinary lives, and if we do not know what they planned, we would not expect anything (They make it clear in the whole movie that nobody else knows about them) <br /> <br /> The acting is extremely good, as the two actors are completely unknown. We can only hope to see more work from both in the future. Despite being a fictionalized movie, one cannot help seeing the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and André are scarily similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in the eyes, but that way). As someone who has greatly expanded Columbine, I could see the similarities and it is almost certainly based on that. <br /> <br /> The real carnage is shown at school by surveillance cameras and is one of the most diverse things I've ever seen. I was completely in shock after seeing it, and it is a feeling that stays awhile. It is very realistic and well done, and it is very difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> All in all, Zero Day is an excellent movie, and I think everyone should at least investigate it. In the past, we have always branded a so-called "psychopath" killer and assumed that they were either biologically buried or influenced media, but as Zero Day sometimes shows, the motives are deeper than that and we can never really understand why tragedies such as school shooting happen until we have seen it from the perspective of the killers.
