The Unborn tells the story of a couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have been trying to conceive over the past five years. Virginia has since had two miscarriages and is desperate to have a child. They visit dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after being recommended by some of their friends. Dr. Meyerling says he will be able to help them have a child. Dr Meyerling works in Virginia and it is soon confirmed that the operation was a success and Virginia is pregnant. Initially, everything looks perfect, and the Marshall's can't be happier, but their photo's perfect lives don't last long, as Virginia's pregnancy develops. She gets moody and out of character and gets a worrying call from Beth Jane Cameron, another woman who has undergone Dr Meyerling's procedure, claiming that Meyerling is using his patients for his own sinister ends and actually a shame genetic researcher. Virginia just starts asking what grows inside her ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Rodman Flender I actually thought the Unborn was a decent horror / thriller (it's definitely not a scientific movie if the IMDb will believe you) that surprised me pleasantly. Henry Dominic's script tries to be different and at least it needs credit. The Unborn goes for psychological terror rather than cheap scarce and bad special effects. It has quite a clever story that works and plays on basic human fears. It is moving at a good pace, although it's not exactly an action-packed movie. The climax was good and was a suitable way to round off things. The warnings to destroy the genetics seem even more relevant today than it should have been. Maybe Flender knew something the rest of us didn't do. At the bottom it does not have any exploitation components and is a dialogue driven film on the heart that focuses mostly on one person, so that sometimes it can become boring. Also, I must mention it, which at Erath was that grinning black skateboarding dwarfing everything about eh? <br /> <br /> Director Flender does an OK job, The Unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting movie ever made but it is good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is a fair bit of tension as Virginia enters her and dr. Meyerling's sinister plans are not fully revealed until the last possible moment. Disappointingly, the blood and gore are almost inconsistent, which makes the movie fall in a way, because in the backside nothing really unforgettable happens. The Unborn State is on good narrative that is good, but in a week I doubt it too much. br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good, I can imagine that The Unborn had a fairly low budget, but it's well made, even if it's a little mix and forgetful. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has fairly realistic facial motion. The acting is good and it was one of the first acting works credited to friends (1994 - 2004), star Lisa Kudrow. I must be honest. I don't like friends and I don't even know who she was in this. So I can't tell you how she did it. <br /> <br /> The Unborn is a good horror / thriller that is earned to be more known and seen, it is much better than a very low budget chess set of the rubbish slabs. If you're a horror fan and looking for something else, something slightly intelligent and more mindful than usual, then I think you can do much worse than The Unborn. Followed by a dumbed-up sequel The Unborn II (1994) I immediately looked at, my review goes out if you want.
