WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - keep reading). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become totally addicted to this spooky yellow that I won't have the room to list them all. The opening credits put the playful scene with kitsch late-fifties cartoon stills; an enchanting Peres 'Prez' Prado mambo theme that seems strange (but its grunts are unmistakable and no one else did it); and with famous names, including Kathy Najimi, a full year before she hit Sister Acts 1 & 2 plus Teri Hatcher from the Superman TV series. <br /> <br /> Every scene has a crooked injustice on various actors, actresses and producers in the daytime TV. Looking behind the careers of these people is just an excuse for an old-fashioned, glorious farce. Robert Harling wrote this turbulent spoof that plays like a matter of MAD Magazine, but feels like a gift to us in the audience. Some of the cleaved characters are a little dull, but all drown with high jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), which is the show's everlasting award, called "America's Sweetheart". Opening the Emmies-like awards we suggest Celeste's performance, The Sun, also Sets. Against all in vain the opposite, Celeste wins again. She is happy because it is always "such a real excitement": "Adam, did you look? I won! Well, Nguh ..." The reason for Adam's absence soon becomes the justification for the whole plot, and We are immediately on a journey with Celeste's neurosis. She cries, screams and scares her hands all the rest of the movie while her tailor Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, who has continually left Celeste, unhindered by Celeste's parole miss), enjoys a taste for Tammy Faye Baker, for which Tawnee was in fact . specifically rented. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it all before. She is the lead author of the show, and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks for 15 years. So when Celeste freaks, Rosie offers her six months off the show: "We'll just say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste doubted: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to LA." "Well, then another lama, Fernando Lamas, arrives!" Such a shear line should be quite scary for the still-alive coctailist Lorenzo Lamas, son of former Fernando Lamas (1982). <br /> <br /> Those who remember the economics teacher (Ben Stein) in Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986), as he calls the role (Bueller Bueller Bueller), will have a nice pleasure to bring him back as a whitewriter. Other well-hidden filmmaker include Garry Marshall (real-life, Happy Days and Penny's brother), who "pay $ 1.2m to make the deciding decisions" on The Sun Also Sets - he says definitely of "fiery and cheap"; and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is a bitch. <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is the "nice-with-a-spoon" (and he's casually) actor who has now been saved from his hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr), and returned to the same show he was canned 20 years earlier. Of course, it presents some logical challenges to current screenwriters, as his character, Rod Randall, had to be beheaded over the years. Somehow, they work out the logical problems, and Geoffrey Anderson steps out the choo choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste can only get worse now, and her trick to go over the Washington Bridge doesn't help anymore. First, her hands shake as they try to dress mascara, but they quickly turn into a stalker. Unfortunately, she can't get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily. Geoffrey is promised to promise the development of his one-man play about Hamlet, and he intends to keep the producer up to date. "I'm not going back to Florida!" Said Geoffrey. "You try to play Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old wings that eat meat bread!" And indeed, since Geoffrey's dinner theater style is among all the hocking and accidents, it's hilarious. Back in Florida in his Willie Loman suit in his room, Geoffrey Anderson previously chose as "Mr. Loman. He was forced to splatter which had crawled cockroaches over his TV with a shoe, and to use forceps instead of the broken analog channel changer. Now he finds himself as the nice surgeon who meets Laurie Craven, the show's new genius; so he does not go away. <br /> <br /> Beautiful Elizabeth Shue (as Laurie) around the amazing ensemble role everyone does the fantastic work of those who know the stereotypes well. But of course the course of true love never went smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) becomes impatient and waits for her star to rise and becomes desperate for some publicity. <br /> <br /> Will her plots eventually succeed? Will Celeste establish her nerves, or will she first kill Tawnee? Will the producer say Get Fuzzy? You just have to * see the second half of this extremely sweet, devastatingly malicious riot. <br /> <br /> And you'll really have to see how short-sighted Geoffrey reads his lines without glasses of the TelePrompter. If you are not in stitches with stomach upsets and tears pouring out your face, ask for your money back for renting videos. Soapdish (1991) is an indispensable gem that you have to see again and again, as it is not often a movie that can deliver so much with so many hilarious lines. It is very well-made humor, almost everything in writing. A drawing with Blazing Saddles (1974) for unwavering apoplexy value, though different. Watch it and cry. A happy source for anyone's video addiction. 10 out of 10.
