There are two distinct ways to enjoy this funny, most important TV show (the "godfather" for X-Files and Buffy, etc.); as a monster show (it scared hell out of me when I was a kid!), or as a well-written / acted gumshoe / film noir. It works on both levels. The scarcity can be diluted over the years (it was made in the mid 70's), but I was pleasantly surprised at the rediscovery of the show (via DVD) that I really enjoy for the last reasons. The late Darren McGavin IS Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, stubborn newcomer / monster hunter who, in pursuit of a story, always gets a supernatural angle; much to the pain of Kolchak's overloaded, excited boss Tony Vincenzo (played with tremendous worldly effort by the late late, cute Simon Oakland, you can feel the pain of his budding sores practically!). The interaction between these characters is crackling and greasy (like STAR TREK's Spock and McCoy, just more acid!). In the course of two pilot TV movies and a one-season series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens and ancient legends (sounds like the 9-year-old X-Files! In One Season !). And Kolchak did it first! And for the composer Gil Melle's cool, partially whispered case music. Well, the X-Files creator, Chris Carter, calls Mike Snow's (very similar) X-Files main title theme a homage. Both themes work well; allow it. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi programs, most of KOLCHAK's samples are in shade, and in quick cuts (effectively, and sometimes gratefully, as some don't keep up with modern scrutiny, but some still do). Modern horror shows take note: Less IS more! One of the few flaws of the show (and it's a small one) is the excessive use of sunny California places that go for a windy city of Chicago. Night gallery had the same problem; inevitably for a modest budget, L.A. based show. And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what is now seen as clichés (the eternal reporter, Ron Updike, always used for comic relief, sweet, old lady / adviser colonel Emily). But they all have their moments to shine (remember many TV characters, clichés or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless display that serves as a template for many who followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror genre TV show (agent Mulder's true dad). And as a footnote, I tried to watch a few episodes of the new "imagined" of the show. This is an X-Files clone (a copy of a copy?). And a bad one. Carl Kolchak is now a model-beautiful, angsty 30-something (played dismally by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a lame idea; it undermines Kolchak as a lone Don Quixote crusader! And Kolchak and Vincenzo LEADED? Where is the tension? The interaction? That they have chosen to hang the KOLCHAK name on this regurgitated bit o 'crap is an excellent example of how NOT to do a remake: Take a beloved cult series, scrape everything that is unique about it, drain it of all character and color (but keep the name! Need that cult credit!), and voilà! Immediate repetition! It gets a 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version PROCESS the ax! Stick to the brief but classic original. It really gets better with age.
