A few years ago I bought the MGM double-function DVD from the two Kolchak TV movies, THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the Universal series came out of the subsequent TV series, I wanted to buy it right away - but rumors of playback problems with the dreaded DVD-18s kept me from adding it to my collection; I recently placed an online order that consisted of a flurry of discounted Universal Box Sets and decided to pick up the KOLCHAK 3-Discer as well. <br /> <br /> Having looked at it now, I can safely say that I do not regret getting this beloved (or short-lived) crime / horror series one piece: it can follow a standardized formula . Magical and inventive newspaper man Carl Kolchak, miraculously played by Darren McGavin, gets his attitude in everyone's hair. Oakland, slow-paced colleagues, associated authoritarian figures, abundant monsters and villains, stand to the inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat alone, but finally it is pushed to keep its story under control - but a winning winner (further enhanced by an impressive array of guest stars and remarkable background credits), which makes the show fun. <br /> <br /> It says the quality varies from one episode to another and the modest budgets allocated to them give rise to specs and make-up effects that sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, the werewolf in equal subscription and goofy alligatorism in the last installment) - not to mention the fact that it is limited to 50 minute programs and intended for the use of family consumption, rather prevents a simplified and healthy delivery of its often intriguing psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of the werewolf, he is never nearly bitten, but is somewhat foolish to just throw people around)! <br /> <br /> While the hero's cynical narrative does much to draw one into the imagination, there is a healthy dose of comedy relief involved with each episode (often, but not exclusively, to McGavin's relationship with Oakland or geeky reporter Jack Grinnage) - to say nothing of reasonable atmosphere (the environment is mostly Chicago) and tension. To make the ride even more enjoyable, there's a jumping point through Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> For the record are the monsters that Kolchak experienced in the series (but not always defeated): a revived Jack The Ripper, a variety of cults (voodoo, Native American, Aztec), aliens , vampire, werewolf (go about his famous concept by putting this episode completely at a crusader!), Doppelganger, Satanist, Swamp creature, mass electricity, robot, monkey, witch, headless motorcyclist, succubus, a knight weapon take a murderous life (the episode with perhaps the best supporting role play - with John Dehner as a morose police captain, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) And crocodile. Some of the actors (except Kolchak's co-workers) come back in the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as law officials), John Fiedler (as a sharp morgue supervisor) and Richard Kiel as two different nemeses of the hero. If I am pressed to choose the best (or most entertaining) episodes, I will lean towards HORROR IN THE HEIGHTS (co-starring Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and the aforementioned THE KNIGHTLY MURDERS - while I am the worst I go for THE WEREWOLF (due to reasons I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story concentrated by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale.) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the set does not contain any extras: it would be nice had been discussing a featuret discussing the many concepts dealt with in THE NIGHT STALKER, as well as placing the series in the context of where TV was originally, or even the lasting influence it had has become popular on the seemingly endless race of sci-fi series today. In fact, Kolchak himself - in a much younger and seemingly darker guise - returned in a 2005 revival; This version is available at my local DVD lending site ... but for several reasons I am not sure I want to pick it as soon as the 1974-5 classic!
