It is really a pity that this varied TV series inspired by the superior TV images "The Night Stalker" and "The Night Strangler" only lasted a single season and twenty episodes, because it offered a regular program at its best . award-winning and highly entertaining blend of sharp cynical humor (Carl Kolchak's speedy verbal sparring matches with eternal irascible and long-suffering editor Tony Vincenzo was always a surprise to watch and hear), clever writing, nifty supernatural threats (must be the cute and original creatures love In the "Spanish Moss Murders", "The Sentry" and "Horror in the Heights", plus you can't go wrong with such tried and tested favorites such as zombies, vampires, werewolves and witches, colorful characters. guest stars (legendary Biker movie icon. William Smith had a rare chance of tackling a heroic lead in The Energy Eater, while other episodes major veteran characters such as Keenan Wynn, John Fiedler, John Dehner, Severn Darden and William Daniels in juicy roles), effective moments of sincere tension (the sewerage system of especially the Spanish Moss Murders was actually extremely sad) and the best of all, the only one ste Darren McGavin is in a vigorous form as the turbulent, aggressive and exciting, but basically decent, brave and honest, small Chicago newspaper reporter, Carl Kolchak, in Chicago, Illinois. <br /> <br /> Kolchak was the everyday protagonist of the 70's, a fast and fast fellow with a strong nose for a nice scoop and an unfortunate effort to get all sorts of problems. In addition, the occasionally bulging Kolchak was anything but superhuman; He usually threatened or stumbled while moving away from a deadly threat. However, he had a certain inner power and courage that enabled him to save mankind from time to time from all kinds of deadly other worldly enemies. Colchak is surrounded by a handful of nice secondary characters: Simon Oakland was perfect as Carl's chronically bad boss Tony Vincenzo, Jack Grinnage, as the spicy Ron Updyke made for an ideal comic foil. Ruth McDevitt was simply delightful like the lovely Miss Emily Cowles, and Carol Ann Susi was also a lot of fun as eager beaver newcomer Monique Marmelstein (who disappeared after jumping into only three episodes). Assigned, the show suffered from dull makeup and special effects (the titular lycanthrops in The Werewolf unfortunately look like a Yorkshire terrier!) And the last episodes praised a few laughing monsters (the headless motorcycle rider in Chopper, Cathy Lee Crosby as Helen of Troy in "The Youth Killer", but even the two-day performances are redeemed by the program's brand, malignant cunning sardonic white and McGavin's unlimited vitality and engaging rascal presence.
