I loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER since I saw it on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that were scary at that time and the cool music by Gil Melle (hey, where are the soundtracks guys?) And have often thought about what this show works for me so completely and finally came to the conclusion that the reason it lasts when many others are not one is a simple, important element that has almost no other scary performance and that is a main character what Most people can relate to at an everyday level. When Darren McGavin's Carl Kolchak begins to discover strange situations, he reacts like most people would. He finds them strange and when he gets closer to danger, he is scared even though he knows he has to move forward to try and defeat whatever happens in that episode. It's hardly that he's brave enough to stand up against a superior supernatural power. He usually puts a trap and stays away or waits in the wings to see if it works. Sometimes he seems surprised that he manages to defeat an enemy as we are. In one episode he will find a monster in a sewer, but once he sees it, he runs to get away, but is so reluctantly trapped, he has to go back and defend himself. He is heroic because he is willing to do what most of us probably wouldn't, but that doesn't mean he probably wouldn't have much more than anyone else did instead of him. He is a regular guy, doing work, trying to make a goat, not a monster hunter. He is just wrapped up in supernatural things for which he is interested, but he doesn't want to be hurt or killed anymore than the rest of us do. If his plan to defeat the beings does not work, you will often see him run for his life to get away from it. That is, of course, what I would do in the situation. Therefore, I often watched the climax of the performances by my fingers as a child. Kolchak was nice and you care if something bad happened to him. You were afraid of him and of the other characters as well. The producers and writers, of course, knew that anyone could create a monster pack, terrifying music and an exciting scene, but it is nothing for nothing if you don't care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason why the show only lasted for season was because he was tired of doing a "monster of the week" show and he decided not to go ahead. I can tell you that I was grieved when this show was canceled when I was a child, but as an adult I can see why it couldn't last that long. I still love the 20 episodes and two movies that McGavin knew as the bumbling, determined and brusque but kind-hearted reporter for the INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt anyone who makes shows or movies will ever really understand why I loved the show. These are not monsters, dark light sets, creepy music or goofy guest stars, though they are all important ingredients. The secret to its success is right in the title - Kolchak: The Night Stalker. Without McGavin's sweet, clumsy Carl Kolchak to root and care, it's just not a Night Stalker.
