It has to be, hands off, hats off, one of the most turbulent comedies ever made. Starting with the animated bladder, popping bubbles, the entrance of the Daytime awards, the usual folly spurred by the stars on the red carpet, the repetitive and poorly maintained speech, the poisonous commentary by the actor's jealous co-stars and producer , under false smiles. Now it's just in the first few minutes. Then the hell breaks loose from there and it becomes more furious and ridiculous. Ridiculous in a good way, no, make it a great way. It was the first time I saw the always charming Teri Hatcher. While I can't be a follower of Desperate Housewives, she's always on the lookout for Lois & Clark. Not a big follower, but if I run over an episode, I'll see it. Robert Downey, Jr., Make a Big Thing as Smart, Eager, Messy, Sycophantic David Seaton Barnes, the producer who wants to give his right eye to see Sally Field's Celeste Talbert, is leaving the show, if only eventually. with Cathy Moriarty's Montana Moorehead. <br /> <br /> Moriarty absolutely shines in this movie, as she has everywhere, she appeared. Here, all she has to do is shout. "I hate you, I HATE YOU YOU CREE!" or give one of her anti-Celeste co-conspirators an evil smile and she has me in the corridors. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very talented actress, and one hell of a comedy. Sally Field leaves grateful for the regular 70-MM-sized lifelong tragedy of the weekly movies, and we are all reminded why she is who she is today and start off with the scary comedy. Her subsequent years of drama hid her sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, the brilliant comedy flower became flowery and it was joyful to see her as hilarious as she was. The thing with dramatic actors and actresses is what you see in such serious roles, that you associate them with their character and you can't believe it if you see that they're finally fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How happy were the producers to land Carrie Fisher, even if it was just for a glorified cameo. She didn't realize what a presence she was wearing on the screen. She takes a role that could easily be forgotten in the hands of a lesser actress, but she has the character and seems to have written it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky was Elisabeth Shue to get in the middle of all this stuff! She wasn't very familiar at the time. Babysitting adventures were cute (yes, I was dragged to an evening program for which I had to pay full price), but she didn't pay attention - much. But here she makes the most of her character-star cousin who falls in love with the star's ex-co-star-and-lover who seems to be the cousin's dad, and the star appears to be the poor girl's mother. <br /> <br /> I'll stop there - I feel I've written a book about this brilliant screwball comedy, or at least a novela. If you saw it, remind you. If you didn't, you missed a real classic, but not really. The DVDs are made from a material that will last for at least 25 years, and this movie is timeless, so what hell.
