Bill Crain's scarcer than rare slasher movie certainly doesn't follow the standard stalk and line-of-sight lines that have become so essential to his peers. The boeyman this time uses grenades and small arms, as well as a huge variety of melee weapons; - A sin that is virtually unacceptable in most post-Halloween genre pieces. But there is still enough familiarity to keep slasher buffs to check the rule book and the plot never gets too far from the path you have grown. Just as Wally Koz's surprisingly decent 555 seems to have been with the help of several members of his family, Mirage seems to be a joint production of director's relatives. Looking at the credits, I acted that many 'Crains' were listed in key positions in the construction of the feature. But despite the fairly good spread across the globe, the movie has not made an impression of both sides of the Atlantic and now it has become a ghost of the VHS market. Nonetheless, it has just spurred me on and so have my resources strained to find a copy? <br /> <br /> It all takes place in the middle of the dessert, and as you are sure, it's hardly the most exciting place. That said, I must admit that there will definitely be no chance of any sober John Q Laws arriving unexpectedly. Four unmistakably beautiful young people go out into the sand for a night of disruption and lips that always rub the murderous maniacs in the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet amusing New Age Hippies Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) at a move campsite in the middle of the dune-like wilderness. Greg's older brother, Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his buxom girlfriend, Bambi (Laura Albert), are coming soon to apply for applicants to find themselves in an early grave. Kyle used Chris before the time his younger brother had the freedom to steal his pressure? something Kyle doesn't seem too eager to forget. Sounds like a motive for a massacre? Well, what did you expect? Previously, an unseen person driving a truck with tinted windows joined the event with a unique set of tricks around his sleeve. Will any of the kids survive to show up for a successor? <br /> <br /> I had trouble detecting any information about this feature. I don't even know if director Bill Crain aka William Crain is? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage definitely doesn't appear on its official filmography, so your guess is as good as mine. Because of the credible work behind the camera, I have to say that I find it hard to believe it's the debut of a man without previous film experience. The film is stylishly photographed with a beautiful work by DP Michael Crain, and the director boasts a credible talent to build tension when needed. R. Christopher Biggs's Gore FX is imaginatively created and horrific, and kudos to the sleepy head over at the BBFC, which inexplicably leaves it to UNCUT over a usually strict 18 rating. Some of the murders are indeed extremely macabre. One man is buried in his neck in the sand before he comes with a grenade, while another box is literally left empty after losing a battle with a chain and a truck! There is also black humor that is definitely unintentional. We spend the majority of the look as only the killer's boots walk out as he climbs out of his vehicle and bumps the youth. But when he was revealed to look hilariously like Keanu Reeves about Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, I didn't quite know what to expect. Thanks, Crain knows exactly how to keep things down and the revelation is especially common as psychotherapist Chris sadistically deceives. <br /> <br /> There are some surprisingly good performances that come out of an inexperienced role. The divine Jennifer McAllister does an excellent job as the heroine and B.G. Steers depicts his slap dementia with finesse. The Casting director has chosen wisely to choose some of the most beautiful women ever slaughtered in slasher cinema and it is not grateful for the potential potential. The soundtrack works well to build the fierce atmosphere of isolation, which is handled carefully by a director who had to be signed and nurtured by Hollywood Bigwigs. Watch out for the beautiful nightmare series that really makes horror movie. This is the worst. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry into the cycle, which was a bit unfortunate to miss a boom during the shooter elite. If you think it's made with just a throw of seven and a bakkie, you have to say they did a damn good job. The errors are numerous, but never diminish the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you probably got more chance to find liquid gold in your coffee mug than you'd ever want a copy to follow. If you see this one stored in dust on the top shelf of your local video store, make sure you pick it up. Recommended.
