Some of the best movies that are categorized as "comedies" are actually blurred between comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", also made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are they comedies with dramatic undertones, or dramas with lots of humor? In many respects, "The Odd Couple" falls into the same category as both comedy, but very dramatic with a deep foundation on human nature. Much of what happens can be funny to the audience, but the characters don't laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the light-hearted TV show of the 1970s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just about a neat guy and a messy man forced to live together because of their marriage. It's actually about two opponents who have to face why their marriages have fallen apart and how their detrimental ailments reveal themselves outside of their marriage. Neatness, the character of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon's perfect throw) and messiness, the hallmark of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are just the beginning and somewhat superficial. As the story unfolds, we find there is much more to these men than just tidiness towards messiness. In short, the story is really about Felix Ungar, who has to face an imminent divorce from his wife Francis. , which we never met, but is an important character throughout the story. On the brink of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: the Oscar Madison apartment, where a group of poker friends hangs so often. We learn that Ungar is not only a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what is happening to him and tries to help in their turbulent way. Madison figures are the best way to help. Ungar is having him move with him until she breaks down suicide tendencies. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison he doesn't know what he is getting himself into. Madison is a carefree happy happiness if there is an irresponsible slogan whose fridge has been cleaned last time when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is grabbing cheesy cheese and jumping between two pieces of bread and then pouring the contents of a bag of chips onto the table. On the other hand, he enjoys drinks and women, in short with a good time. <br /> <br /> Not only is Ungar completely different, it is diametrically opposite. Not only is he an obsessive cleanliness measure that finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women, but he knows more than most women do about cooking and eating well. At one stage he calls his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get her recipe for meat bread. At another moment, Ungar will spend the rest of the evening cabbage for coleslaw. When Madison appears unobstructed, Ungar finally emphasizes that he is only doing it for his roommate because he cannot stand Colosslaw. Who is this guy? But he still has an engaging feature: Felix is ​​also a hypochondria. He obsesses on his health to the point where he makes strange noises in public places and claims to help his sinuses. He looks like he has every health condition in the book. And if they made up more, Felix would probably have them. Eventually he was absorbed too much. <br /> <br /> Running through the movie is a reference to marriage. At one point when Madison tried to convince Ungar to move in, he said, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But little does he know it's not the neat guy who can't deal with the messy guy, but the other way around. Their friendship becomes an incessant health relationship. And the climax occurs when Oscar invites two lonely British sisters for a gathering with both comic and tragic results. It's one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and not to be missed, with superior performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in difficult-to-imagine roles played by someone else. It is unfortunate that writing this caliber is unfortunately missing from most comedies produced today.
