I don't think I really got Walter Matthau ever as a comic artist. He was definitely wonderful in light roles, but I think I always put his success on his characters' grumpiness and ruthlessness, an abominable contrast to the flamboyant personality of his regular co-star Jack Lemmon, and I suppose a natural expansion of his previous work in dramatic pictures. Watch Gene Saks '' The Odd Couple (1968), adapted from a popular Neil Simon play, suddenly realized: Matthau is absolutely hilarious in his own right! Initially, the audience strikes as dirty, rugged and generally unattractive, and his Oscar Madison ultimately succeeds in the worm, resulting in a hilariously overplayed confession of emotions that Matthau smears in a voice that is not entirely his no. At the same time, while keeping his own as a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, perfect; Indeed, at the same time, the film is left alone to both actors, who never donated the bioscreen by themselves. <br /> <br /> Listen to Billy Wilder's script for The Apartment (1960), this Neil Simon comedy builds on a rather morbid outlook. Compulsive housekeeper Felix Unger (Lemmon), who has just been wiped out by his twelve-year-old wife, is attempting to commit suicide, but fleeing the idea after leaving his back to open the hotel window. Challenged, he comes to good friend Oscar (Matthau )'s home, a divorced slab that is alone on a diet of potato chips and green sandwiches (which may contain a lot of new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but is soon overwhelmed by his friend's fine personality and constant insistence on absolute beauty. The pair form an unusual kind of marriage arrangement, with Felix considering the role of the simultaneous and constantly nagging woman, and Oscar as the messy, unpleasant man who always comes home later than he is supposed to. It's a marriage that lasts almost three weeks, and to the end, we can be completely with Felix's ex-wife, who is unnoticed. <br /> <br /> 'The Odd Couple' is a great comedy, most of all because it has a lot of heart. For all of their arguments, it is clear that the two roommates have enough love for each other, most seen in motion when Felix tries to get into an angry tirade, instead? maybe accidentally ?? ends up telling Oscar how to make his "tops". The couple's four poker mates (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are also constantly making some dark annoyances, but you can't deny that they have the best intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing happened to him could have looked good in theory, but perhaps ignored was not quite the right solution to Felix's gloomy feelings of inadequacy and imperfection. Unlike some popular play-based comedies (I was recently disappointed by Wilder's The Seven Year Itch (1955)), this film not only runs on the same chord, and the relationship between the two leaders is progressively developed by tears, laugh and much disagreement.
