There's more to offer in the opening of The Odd Couple than in most of the movies. Felix Unger (the poor man's monogram even cursed him) goes to a hotel in New York. A cleaning lady said, "Good night." "Goodbye," he replied. In his room he stuck out his pockets, then he struggled to remove his wedding dress just to place the objects neatly in an envelope, directed at his wife and beloved children. When the viewer finally puts it together? aha, he goes off himself we see him struggling to open the window ?? Oh no, is he going to jump? The poor guy injured his lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger ?? his wife left him, he is a forced wife and he is a hypochondria. And all in one scene. This is the special genius of Neil Simon's comedy? It's about situation and character. There are few obvious physical jokes? no kicks to groin, no cheap gags ?? Just funny characters in awkward situations. And of course he is a master to manipulate the audience's expectations. Coming from the Swingers era, thinking of what I thought in the date scene when Felix started complaining about the breakdown of his marriage with the girls, his roommate Oscar worked so hard to get into his apartment. He blows it right? Think again. The girls love his sensitivity, his ability to cry before them. They invited him back to their place, as his meat loaf was burned because Oscar didn't pay enough attention to it. He's like Flynn, right? Uh, yes, but he doesn't want to go with the girls, because he feels vulnerable. Good stuff. And it's even bigger with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the amazing eight-room apartment. You got Jack Lemmon and the slouchy, Pouchy Walter Matthau for Chrissakes, why are you wasting it? The visual style reminds me of Breakfast at Tiffany's, as the great effect of a great depth of field and the interaction between different action plans is made. Particularly memorable is the scene in which Felix, of Oscar's flight, just closes a partition to realize that the partition doesn't cover the side where Oscar comes from. You get a real sense of the layout of the apartment, and therefore the proximity in which the two divorces live. The twist here is that these two are really married? together. So the observations on married life that can be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy are increasingly being named because they are two guys.
