I received this movie from a cousin in Norway and had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copied video. By comparing this film (1948) with Telemark's heroes (1965), Kampen threw the saboteurs themselves and played their respective roles, though players were also playing the roles of the saboteurs. gave their lives in Norway's struggle for freedom in later campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian, along with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during this course of history was what led to the battle. French scientists were interested in acquiring about 200 kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to take back to France to do laboratory studies on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in obtaining heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis could take an early lead by entering Norway and, through secret codes, their husband evacuated Nazi spies on his journey to Oslo where he received the heavy water and returned it without hindrance . He was watched by two spies while on board a plane, but they didn't see him on the other side. He crossed the tar road to another plane where his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked by using the plane as a trap that later forced the Nazis into Hamburg. <br /> <br /> But the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis took over Norsk Hydro and It was to the Norwegian Underground and British intelligence in London to undertake action. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteers the services of eleven young Norway; the "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups who would successfully sabotage the heavy water production in Vemork. It was shown in detail about how they actually performed the operation, including the ferry sinking after the Nazis left Norsk Hydro to take the heavy water shipment to train cars to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the movie was fair, although there were many specks in the film. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
