It sounds a little uncomfortable to call a film about war and holocaust shocking, as many of us will know too well about the horrors that cause war and violence. By using the adjectives 'shocking', I'm not going to imply that I'm amazed at the things that were told in this movie, or that I was previously unaware of them. It's just that I'm very impressed with the way this movie shows how crazy and incomprehensible it is to kill each other, either with or without a reason. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this show, due to the conflicting direction, but her acting is solid enough and she has a huge charisma. She was very well thrown like Hanna and immediately got our sympathy. Of course, her very beautiful look helps, but it has nothing to do with her just a good actress, who plays a good role. <br /> <br /> Certain contradictions occur in Hanna's War. I sometimes get the idea director Menahem Golan (often despised by The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a hurry and had actually allowed a few more tasks per scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he made this impressive and thoughtful film. And I'm very positive about it. I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the movie is the most interesting and tragic one. It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's picturesque depiction of the cruel and sardinian captain Rosza) and show intense injustice and horror that occurs with hatred and violence and war. I receive Hanna's War, especially the second half, as a strong anti-war film and therefore Golan deserves credit. It is also this second half in which Maruschka Detmer's talent comes out, which creates a character that goes into film history as one of the most talkative, strong and tragic ones ever portrayed. It is also nice to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and style always reminds me of Romy Schneider, who would have made a similarly effective contribution to Hanna's War if she was and was alive. <br /> <br /> The second half tragic impact and the desperate tension sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a number of final scenes that are so unexpectedly moving, so moving and poetic in the tragedy that it like a bomb hit and left me. a tear. And when I realized again, it wasn't even fiction, it actually happened, I got even more tears. The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
