One day someone will write an essay comparing Paul Naschy's "Fury of the Wolfman" with the great Spanish surrealist films, "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". The Naschy movie is a masterpiece of delirium from beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably loved it and ate their hearts because they saw that with such apparent ease they had to stretch their brains to pull off. <br /> <br /> The film does not have a coherent structure, though it does have a plot. moving from A to B to C. Some mishmash about a Professor Walterman - his first name, do you think - bitten by a Yeti monster during an expedition to Tibet and not the same, as it is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the insane daughter of the listed doctor Wolfstein, knows about his condition and reveals that his wife has deceived him. But it is a set-up for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash its inner animal. <br /> <br /> "Walterman" flips out, turns into a werewolf, kills some people, is uprooted, dies, is buried, buried, taken to a castle filled with circus freaks, wired with multiple machines , with a variety of electronic effects, injected with powerful elixirs, is chained, escaping into a werewolf, a woman in a evening gown with thin high Nazi fetish boots, escaping, the beautiful female doctor helps her way out of the castle get the circus freaks with a warrior, finally turn back into a werewolf, and must fight against the female werewolf incarnation of his deceitful woman. The lady with the Nazi boots shot him with silver dots from her Luger pistol, they died together, and the pretty doctor walked the morning with the supervisor, who did nothing. "Look, what a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> "La Furia del Hombre Lobo" was written by Paul Naschy in a hurry. Original director Enrique Eguilez was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk, who had been unaware of the production. He was often unable to work (although he had time to teach his 14-year-old cousin to make some changes to the screenplay) and Naschy eventually credited the film. Zabalza had enough time to cut some action scenes from one of Naschy's previous movies, "Mark of the Wolfman". Fortunately, the scenes were good enough to use twice, even though the costumes were different, and helped run the runs after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie. Post production was a nightmare. No one knew who did the editing, the money ran out, the master print disappeared for a while, and when a preview for a movie distributor arrived, the executive arrived to find that Zabalza was in the gutter for the theater urinates. He was too drunk to find the toilet, but at least he made it to the edge. <br /> <br /> But the movie works somehow, if you leave it. These keys in the atavistic memories we have about thin castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, gloomy murders. Fans of such things find it hypnotically observable, even if the story as a whole does not make much sense because of the broken discontinuity of performance. In one scene, its pouring rain and the wolfman sneak into the lightning; In the next shot the leg is dry and he cries at the full moon. Then it rains again. And yet you don't regard it as a gaffe. It's like an unfolding dream where contradictions are possible, opposites are the same, and effects have continued causes; First, the wolfman counts the power cable and shouts, and then the cable starts with electricity. People say its low budget hurt the overall efficiency - I say the movie would have been uncompromising if they had to spend more. It's a wonder to make something out of nothing, and succeed, because it can't, but because of what it does. It's easy to laugh at things like this and even easier to dismiss it. The trick is to see through the chaos, or rather to view the chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Last week, Paul Naschy died at the age of 75. He was ill with pancreatic cancer for a year or more, worked on film projects until his last days, but died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy for a man who stubbornly faces his artistic vision of the general mainstream interest. And yet, in all of us, there is an eleven-year-old child who will see his movies as "Fury of the Wolfman". Even people who don't like Euro Horror will discover something in this movie to marvel at just for a few minutes in a few places. You can get it for free at Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for nickel. It is far, worth much more. <br /> <br /> Almost, Naschy was terrified to learn that many others, like me, regard this cut, sick, demented little movie as a classic, if not an absolute masterpiece of Cinema Dementia. The problems he experienced during the production and the mess of a film left behind were perhaps too personal an artistic disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I will never have to dare to forgive it for him, but I will say: I'd rather see the "Fury of the Wolfman" in its roughest, most cut and degraded public domain than ever the unbearable, unpleasant madness <br /> <br /> This month, the world is losing a great artist. Watch his movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
