This movie is catching a lot, but it is usually based on the horrible outlook and cover / dressed version of the American television movie. Also, it is issued on VHS and DVD buying companies such as Alpha, Unicorn, etc. In 1973, the film never had a theatrical release, although it was recorded in 1973 by Avco Embassy. In Spain, the celebrity was involved, the filmmakers shot two versions, one with clothes and one with out. The fully unsold English printed export print was titled WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEP, and apparently only returned in Sweden in the 80's. It can be found on Ebay and the containers and is highly recommended. My guess is Avco cuts the movie for an R release that never happened. In 1974, Avco released it for television titled FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the dressed version was used for this TV print. Cut up to 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears on the home video on the Charter label. This version seems to be what Avco will release in '73. This is the uncovered version, with a little nudity that will never go on TV or in a PG movie. There are several scenes on the Charter band playing with nudity, dressed in the TV edition (the source for all the dollar Dud's and VHS expenses). But a comparison with the completely unprotected WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveals that 2 scenes are being cut on this version! (spoilers in next paragraph) The scene where Ilona Waldermar chained to the wall and made him whip after turning into the werewolf is incomplete. After throwing him in the look, she began to take off her clothes and started to love the werewolf !!! The werewolf responds positively to this sexual shenanigans as well. This scene is definitely one of the most unusual in the history of horror movies and is a delirious treat. It's not graphical, but the implied bestiality was too much for American audiences, or more likely the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not own him, hence her whole plan to control Waldermar's wife and engage her in a relationship. She wanted to destroy his marriage and she reached it while Waldemar was in Tibet. Unfortunately, he returns a werewolf, but it does not slow her down. If she can't physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex as a werewolf with him. It also helps to explain the later scene where the werewolf beds with a woman look naked before bedtime as she blows through her window. This scene is presented sensually in the covered version and really makes no sense. In the rough version, it seems as if Ilona's passions need the werewolf and release, and he rapes the first woman he can escape. The other track is a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. A very similar bedroom scene was cut out from the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF USA THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). However, the movie does have problems. The director was drunk, the bad stands for the werewolf at points, the horrible English dubbing, the inclusion of rows of the first Waldemar movie. WOLFMAN MARKET, aka FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR and the grotesque over-exploitation of the film's music score throughout. seen in the original widescreen format and uncut (ie: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEP) it is one of the wildest and most scandalous of the Daninsky werewolf series, with a plot line unmatched. This is all but the kitchen bench approach. The cut / clad pan and scan full screen shot of this movie does not make it favorable, and unfortunately it is the version that almost everyone commented on the movie seen. The movie has a copyright of 1970, and I want to bet that the release date of 1972 on the IMDb is wrong. The film goes ahead with WEREWOLF SHADOW (also known as WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and is definitely released for WEREWOLF SHADOW. END OF WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEP / FIRE FROM THE WOLFMAN dovetails directly in the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, and provide concrete evidence thereof. Unfortunately, a full version of this can never get a proper release. A perfect release is the unspoken English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. The English dubbing hurts the movie. But any Spanish version will reflect the covered version as reflected in Spain in the Franco era, where nudity is broken.
