A riotous farce in the world of glamorous daytime soap operas! This movie is hilarious! Of course, you should have a taste for movies with screaming, hysterical dialogue, over-the-top acting and melodramatic plot movements. But if you do, you're in a nice surprise. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the day's TV queen of misery. Celeste's lively life is being revolutionized with the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long-lost cousin, and at the same time Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - wonderful as always), Celeste's older in love. But Celeste hides a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey can only bring it to the surface. Add in the diabolical Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in full "beautiful woman with testosterone to saving mode"), who is trying very hard to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the little boy producer of soap secretly plundering Montana to destroy Celeste; and Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), screenwriter and Celeste's one true confidant, and you're helping to help subplots and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like this are tricky to perform (remember someone 'Mixed Nuts'?), but when done well, it can be pretty damn funny! An important ingredient needed for any good comedy is the decisive of seasoned benefits that know many times the funniest things are not said, but are seen in an expression or a look. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the rest all work so well together and it is clear that it is very difficult not to be drawn by their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but she only draws attention to herself because she is surrounded by Field, Kline, et al. Moriarty is an exhilarating villainous role that reminds you of the hottest damn dominatrix you've ever seen !! There are also many well-known faces that you will recognize in small (yet very funny) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman keeps the pace fast and the histrionic plot moves to the big finish. There should also be mention of Robert Harling's screenplay, carefully erected to put up a soap opera in a soap opera. The dialogue boasts great lines, which are brilliantly rendered by the actors (I want to be willing that many of these things are improvised). <br /> <br /> Look, if you do a lot of prosperity they do best and to do it, get your hands on this one. If it is not for something else, it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
