I saw it when it was premiered and just looked at IFC again. This is a good display of the many possible stories about the immigrant farm worker population that came to Hawai'i to work the sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of that migration; My parents were born on a Kohala plantation (Big Island) at the time of the movie. I moved to the Big Island more than a year ago after more than 30 years in California. I was surprised to see that many of the former sugar-cane-growing countries are still undeveloped, with wild reed growing, years after the plantations were closed. I have heard many stories from my aunts and uncles who grow up children on the plantation. This movie helps to portray these stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic plot-driven movie. This makes me shake my head to read a review like ccthemovieman. Some people just don't get it. <br /> <br /> I didn't remember that Youki Kudoh played a leading role in doing an incredible job. I remember her great performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and in an Australian film that collaborates with Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning". Tamlyn Tomita did a good job with her pidgin English, especially for someone who didn't grow up in the islands. I forgot that Toshiro Mifune had a cameo role as the moving picture storyteller. And I missed Jason Scott Lee having an unknown, non-speaking part as one of the plantation workers during the payday scene. <br /> <br /> I was sad to find out that the director and co-author, Kayo Hatta, died in an accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign films that mirror this sugarcane plantation experience: "Gaijin" over the immigrant reeders in Brazil (many Japanese) in the same period; and "Sugar Cane Alley" about the sugarcane plantation experience in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin" unfortunately doesn't look long. Another good film about the early Asian in America experience when immigrants were more like slaves was "a Thousand Gold Gold". It was about Chinese workers' involvement in building the railway, with Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
