This is probably the best film director Haim Bouzaglo to date. A skilled TV director, well-trained in storytelling and by directing his actors through long periods of time, he tried in this very low-budget movie to the essence of the particular psychological situation the Israelis are under the permanent danger of terror. Live attacks, leading to 'distorted' lives. Every character who tries to live his own life, to view and control the other, while watching and controlling other characters, and mostly through continuous pressure, by political and historical powers, beyond his control. Some call this fate, but fate has a very concrete representation in this movie. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political judgment in 'Distortion'. Characters never talk about politics, not even at the level of "bastards!" when they hear there is a new terrorist attack. Their response to events is to locate the attack and to count the victims using the official and media terminology for the dead and the wounded. They don't really live, but rather live on borrowed time to survive one bomb, and wait for the next one to happen. Personal, social, professional life looks somewhere but is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main characters played by the director are a playwright whose personal and creative crisis in the midst of life is enhanced by the pressure of events and by the fact that he is happy to leave a terrorist attack site in minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend who is a TV-investigating reporter he suspects she will fall into the next show. Another failed man, former army, whose business and family life breaks down the events. He began writing a play that replicates reality and puts it on stage, in the scene in the movie that reminds Hamlet as well as "Synecdoche, New York." It's not that I suspect that Charlie Kaufman is looking at Bouzaglo's shoulder, but he certainly doesn't need it, but the Israeli director's screen is brilliant to expect the later film (and the first director of Kaufman). As in the American movie, actors play real people and begin with them in a reality-meeting-stage-meeting reality blend that never lacks logic, at least not artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors The ordinary talent trusts them and leaves them the freedom of life through the situations rather than observing them. His style is much more free here than in his TV series, and the 'distortion' effects, albeit borrowed from American horror movies, work pretty well. The end was a bit rhetorical and unsatisfactorily dramatic to me, but the shadow of the suicide killer pursuing the film and the entire situation in a temporary loop will also follow the viewer when he later remembers this film.
