Distortion is a disturbing, haunting film, about life that reflects art and art. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright, who finds inspiration in his suspicions about the subject of his girlfriend's documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber, disguised in skullcap and American t-shirt, wandering through the landscape looking for his target and nerves, haim writes his girlfriend's life while filming her documentary films and incorporating herself and his actors' lives during rehearsals . But the bomber has already hit and Haim left the restaurant just minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbent, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of everyday Israeli life, where the political interweaves with the personal, where everyone stays on the edge never know if they are leading roles in their own lives, or are simply exposed players in someone else's dramatic story. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with this idea that everyone is a brilliant actor in someone else's production. We are always voyeurs, see what the fictional director sees illegally, but also what the "real" director prefers to disclose. To remind us that these glasses violate private violations, Bouzaglo brings us into the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and the roof), and repeatedly frames its view within TV, video or security screens. Actors play the role of actors representing the "right" characters played by actors. Of course, each of the actors is the star of his or her own production, but only aware of their diminished roles in their fellow actor's personal films. The detective appointed by the playwright becomes a character in the play. The actor hired to play the detective role, the detective looks for "hints" on how to play the role, is trapped by the detective on guard bands, and they attend a role party as their actual self. <br /> <br /> Despite these multiple views, there are no clear lines of this story: the playwright is looking for the subject, the bomber is looking for a target and the detective is stealing the filmmaker. There is also no effort to reach Bouzaglo's ultimate goal. Energetic and impotent Israel, fully aware of the imminent danger, but incapable of meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, the impotent fictional playwright cannibalizing his own life for his play. Israel is also the bankrupt-soldier entrepreneur who is the subject of the filmmaker's documentaries, the cheaters and actresses, and the chosen man. They are all Israel because they are all helpless, caught in inactive or aimless actions, as the bomber scans the landscape for its best target. All the characters can do when another bombing is reported, have sex and are victims of victims. <br /> <br /> There is personal triumph, justification, perhaps revenge at the end of this play within a story within a movie. but viewers will be hurt for the state of Israel even because they are full of admiration for Bouzaglo's memorable version of a nation's fate in telling an individual's story.
