I read with great interest the only comment available to me on this movie and I would first like to say that I understand the position of the previous user who responded to this movie very well: from an Israeli perspective, I can very well think that this movie touches on very sensitive issues and that the slightest detail can be of great importance to a viewer who is more or less directly concerned about the events depicted in this movie. What I would like to say is that 'Distortion' was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 ('Cinéma tout écran') where it won the public award ('Prix du public'in French'). For what touches me, I have the work of Mr. Bouzaglo liked the 'nerve camera', which in my opinion portrayed an atmosphere of extreme tension and unrest in the film and I think most of the Swiss viewers appreciated it in the movie. However, this perspective seems quite 'strange' to an Israeli viewer, but not so surprising to Swiss, because Switzerland is a country that has never been subjected to any terrorist attack. So it is not surprising that the audience in Geneva judged this film with a much more 'standalone' perspective. I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewing a newspaper in Geneva. '' After 50 years of life here and then all this violence is undergoing, we can ask ourselves whether it is still possible to remain normal. We may sometimes think it would be easier to commit suicide than to continue. We are like the characters in my movie, "" on the edge of the edge ". That's why the private detective, who is somehow 'voyeur', is the happiest character in the movie, because he deserves a living thanks to the system. He uses this situation. "This is essentially the point that the Swiss public and I have pointed out in this movie and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies about the characters in the movie that the precedent judge pointed out with great accuracy and humor no. In short, different countries = different perspectives, but I think it is somehow great because it reassures me of the future of the film, that is, it is never a "unique" of "formatted" mindset.
