A pretty redhead woman waiting on her plane meets a beautiful young man with whom she joins. As the two come on their flight and sit next to each other, the young man Jack becomes deadly, as he threatens Lisa to change the room to which a politician and his wife will remain, or else her father will die. Seeing this is what you do if you are a flying coach, such things never happen in the first class. <br /> <br /> -While having a flight on a flight, the other thing this movie shares with "Flightplan" is the sheer credibility * if it's a word * of the story is. The point of the whole is to get the main character to change a politician's room so that he can be murdered, which is a fairly acceptable plan, but it will not be easier for Jack to find just one who is computer literate and they hack not in the hotel system? Teenagers can hardly do anything with computers today, so I'm pretty sure it would be easier for him to just get someone to change it using a computer instead of spying on Lisa and in trouble. to get his land in the movie. <br /> <br /> - One thing that got so strange to me was how nobody on the plan heard a single thing they were talking about. It is a very small plane that is being talked about and since their voices have been occasionally educated, it seems to me that the other passengers had to hear something. But I'm 100% sure I read too much about it. The film is meant to be as realistic as an "24" episode, so one cannot be confused by such complexities. For all my complaints, it's still a very fun movie that gets the job done. It is not exactly the type needed to shut down your brain, but at the same time it doesn't require great intelligence to fully enjoy it. <br /> <br /> I would like to sit here in my comfortable chair and rave about the brilliant play in the movie, but I really can't. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy, and I love Brian Cox, but they don't really play their muscle muscles here. It's not really a problem, as it is not the movie that studios hope to win several awards and the acting is not the least terrible, just not big. Wes Craven is not exactly the first to consider when thinking of such a movie, but he does a very good job considering the time they had to film the film and the lack of depth. It was definitely a big improvement over the disappointing "Curse" and as much as I liked him doing something else with this movie, I would still love to go back to do what he did in the past , what great horror movies are talking about decades after it was released. <br /> <br /> One good thing about the movie I really appreciated was just how short the movie was. It is nice to see a nice three hour or so movie once, but it looks as if every movie coming out feels too long, where this movie just felt the right length. Not too long and too short. They don't waste time trying to develop the characters too much, because they know it's not the movie for that, and so they made a very short film. As a big movie music genius, I have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultra-cool score by Marco Beltrami. It is really nice to see Beltrami write some of the predictable things to the great music he is doing now. I'm really the cool techno / orchestral instrument he does for the headlines. Badly I couldn't find the soundtrack anywhere, would have really loved to listen to the titles any time I wanted instead of pop in the DVD when I wanted to hear it. <br /> <br /> -Overall It's great for what it is and although it is far from the big theater, still have to make provision for a little small, entertaining hour and a half
