Red Eye starts in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is about to return the last 'red-eye' flight to Miami where she lives and works. Waiting for her plane, Lisa meets the handsome Jackson Pippier (Cillian Murphy). They both seem to beat it off. When they took the plane on board, they discovered that they were sitting next to each other by chance. As soon as the plane goes off and they are in the air, Jackson is revealed who he really is and that their apparent coincidence event was not coincidental, Jackson says he works for someone who wants to murder homeland security secretary Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia). And they need her to change his rooms at the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and make it happen or her father will be murdered. <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, who may be better known for his horror films such as The Last House on the Left (1972), a nightmare on Elmstraat (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991) and the Scream Trilogy of Teenage Slips seem to be a short, fast, fast pace, like the Red Eye. a big deviation from the kind of movie Craven usually makes. Carl Ellsworth's screenplay makes for a surprisingly enjoyable thriller I must admit I really enjoyed. In just 85 minutes, it is a very fast moving, economical and straightforward type of movie that is almost entirely on one solid teaching focus rather than going off in different directions with many subplots. Some may like this approach as I have done while others may not, but I think it attracts you much more when it comes thick and fast without slowing down the movie and giving you a chance to relax. I really liked the plot for Red Eye, certainly a movie like this will always have one or two dubious moments in terms of plot, but what hell is, it's a movie made to entertain and is for me what it did. I really watched the two central characters, Lisa comes in so much fun, while Jackson Rippner (a clear play in the name of the notorious Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper) is a fit, clever villain with a cold 'I just do my job type mentality. Another plus is that I didn't think anyone was going to be stupid, everyone was just like people and the movies are probably playing. I really liked it and it's one of Craven's better, more recent movies. Craven turns into a good fixed time, sleek, learned and fast-paced vibrator with a stylish role, some good action and a gripping plot. He definitely does not leave, and as soon as he starts the action and tensions he never prevents, far from the most effective part of the movie is when Rippner keeps Lisa hostage on the plane. As soon as the movie switches to Miami & Lisa's father's home, it becomes a bit more routine, but it's still good. A special mention goes to Rachel McAdams who is absolutely beautiful in this, I can probably see Red Eye again just because she is in it and looks dull stunning. Those who see the name of Wes Craven's red-eye name, expecting a horror movie, have to think again, as there is no horror at all (despite the IMDb list 'Horror' as the red-eye's genre) . I'm not sure about the end, on the one hand it was nice to see the villain live for a change that goes against the traditional expectation, but it would have been more satisfying to kill Lisa somehow make. <br /> <br /> Dreamworks apparently gave Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44 million, but reduced it to $ 25 million, though it's still a very well-made movie with shiny production values. Actually shot in Los Angeles and Florida in California. The film was thought to be written with the man and wife Sean Penn & Robin Wright Penn intended for the leaders, but eventually the artists opted for younger leaders. As I have already said, Rachel McAdams is pure eye candy & is a total babe in it and worth watching the movie itself. Oh, and she also puts a decent performance. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a very fast, learned tension, filled little thriller that I really enjoyed. I didn't think I'd enjoy it as much as I did. I'm glad I decided to see it. It definitely gets a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams is really hot stuff in this ...
