Scream was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then, nothing but an unbearable streak of Hollywood rubbish barely good enough for a firmer night, including the disappointment of the Scream prosecutions. Perhaps the genius and the craftsmanship devoted to the movie has drained all the energy and creativity from it, so when it was time for dinner, nothing had us to serve us but its own dead do. Finally, after knowing how many bad movies he gave later, he gave us a glorious, relentless, gripping, cold stressed man with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Once again, Rachel McAdams delivers a pleasant performance while playing a hotel manager. who has the unfortunate connection with an important political figure and regularly at her hotel. Then she meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, who gets to know her a bit after a delayed flight and a bay breeze. What she doesn't know, he already knows her. And he also knows her father, who will never see her again if she doesn't work and adhere to Jackson's claims - to use her connections to regularly set up her hotel for murder. <br /> <br /> You think it's probably nothing but your everyday thriller complete with predictability and chase scenes. Although it is a good old-fashioned thriller, it is its beauty. No special effects. No cheap makeup. Just classical tension. You feel the desperation and regret of every decision McAdams has made to make and you actually give her as you encourage her on every move she makes to find an escape from her claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always, she delivers an entertaining and compelling performance. It's either her lovely face or her tremendous ability to sincerely cry, but you always seem to be sympathetic to her as her role requires it. Cillian Murphy on the other hand is of course spectacular, so even if the trailer didn't make it known, its ultimate transition from a charming stranger to ruthless jackass is not so surprising. Perhaps it would have been more trippy to see a nice old persona like Toby Maguire turning into the evil, inexorable guy. Nevertheless, after his true identity, Cillian Murphy played the role so strongly that you really want to die, or at least kick his ass. <br /> <br /> Don't skip this feature. There are lots of chalk-shouting moments and heart-jumping hoods that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch, as you would at Craven's recent photos. If it's not for you, do it for all the times you will see your girlfriend or boyfriend or someone with popcorn jumping and clinging to you. West gets it right. Apart from his branding ability in tension, Red Eye is not without humor, as McAdams's replacement Cynthia at the desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not a disappointment. Instead, you get the pleasure of seeing McAdams deliver another amazingly talented show, Murphy looks scarce per minute, and Craven craftsmanship is a classic traditional thriller. A flight delayed and would have been the beginning of Craven's renaissance, arrived just after Scream.
