On an overnight flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a beautiful man who appears to be a hired killer who helps her kill a businessman or else her own father dies. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a great thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to Cellular and Telephone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both those movies. Almost everything about the Red Eye is above average, including tension, acting and direction. Most of the movies take place on a plane, but it does not reduce the film. The movie is very fast and exciting with no slow or boring spots. Wes Craven does a very good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on the excitement, he focuses on the story and the characters. The film has its share of exciting moments, but it's not what the movie really is about. I also like Wes Craven's focus on the other passengers and the little details that matter later. Red Eye shows his storytelling skills. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented role. Rachel McAdams gives a very interesting performance and her character is hard to hate. You can even ring her out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a lot of creepy and effective performance to the villain. The way he first does charm, but then turns psycho, is particularly impressive. The supporting actors are also pretty good, like Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The movie is also very stylish and has this awesome atmosphere. The environment works well, as there is a clear fear of isolation and no escape. Overall, the scene of the film is consistently creepy. The script is not as strong as anything else. There are a few unrealistic moments that the viewer can deduce. Most of them didn't bother me, but there were few people who made me shake my head. The end is also disappointing. It is not a bad end, but a very simple one and a different approach would have been better. Since the movie focuses on the characters, there are actually no shouting moments, maybe just a few jumps. If you're expecting a horror movie, you'll be disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an engaging thriller and this is one of the best movies of the summer. Rating 8/10
