I find I enjoy this show, but the format needs some work. First, the good features. I love how this show will lead us through the daily life of an addict because the producers have tried to show the addict how badly they have allowed their lives to become. This is followed by an intervention followed by an outcome. Intervention does not like confectionery and sometimes the outcome (often short-term due to time constraints between filming and air) is a negative outcome. This makes the positive outcomes better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love about is the quality of the camera work. Given the reality that these cameras have to print anywhere and not have the benefit of shooting scenes, photography is surprisingly good and stable. It's actually better than written shows like "The Shield" where photography is so bad it can be unwell. <br /> <br /> Now for the bad. An episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed during the show. You will be trapped in the story of one addict, then you are suddenly thrown into another's story. Get caught up in that story, then you're suddenly back to the first addict ... or are you? By now you may have forgotten which case the individual belongs to. This constant flip-flop between addicts really becomes disruptive during the intervention screens, as the performance will even interfere with the two completely unrelated interventions! I have the marketing B.S. Reason for this poor design: "The show can become so intense that switching to another addict, the viewer can absorb what they watch." Oh please. Obviously the reason is because they have two cases that are not large enough for an hourly program so they mix two together. By blending them instead of giving every half an hour, it forces the viewer to look at the whole thing (and the ads) if they are interested in one case, but not the other. <br /> <br /> I found these episodes so annoying that I just told my TiVo to contain episodes containing one addict, but then it became easier to record all of them.
