Looking at this movie, I was frustrated and distracted and at the end I wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and everywhere and there was too much going on. Even my A.D.D couldn't keep up. It feels like a slightly sour journey. Everything looks flat, there was nothing about it. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I wanted to fix the movie halfway and defeat my burnt copy of this movie. But after watching it, I went online to read the movie and I had to do some research on this movie before I watched it. <br /> <br /> The secret of Kells is loosely based on the true story of the original book of kells. A little boy, Brendan, gets the job of earning new pages in what will be the greatest book ever written. This book contains information that will help change the darkness into the light. Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind large stone walls. In the 8th century, Brendan's uncle, the Abbey of Kells, is trying to build the wall to keep the Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insists he helps to complete the wall, but a traveler and custodian of the "book" secures Brendan in secret to renew his illustrative skills. He convinced him to complete the book and execute it. <br /> The whole time I watched the movie, I thought I was missing something because I didn't really understand what's going on. I thought I just missed a piece of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know about the original Kells book. After reading many articles, my opinion of the movie changed a lot. <br /> <br /> The Book of Kells is a copied version of the first few books of the New Testament that were transcribed in Latin in the 8th century by Gaelic monks. Along with its paleographic and insular writing, the book is also beautifully illustrated in insulin art, a kind of early art form known for its complexity, complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in the book of Kells is portrayed, as many art was then, flat and dimensional challenged without perspective. But what the Book of Kells from other early artworks stand out is that it uses many colors. <br /> <br /> The secret of Kells is very colorful. I originally thought the animation was flat and boring. It reminded me much of the cartoon Samurai Jack who also looks flat and "amine". As soon as I learned about the art styles of the Book of Kells, it is clear that many of the styles of the book are aimed at the film. There are lines and vertebrae and various shapes that inhabit Brendan's mind. When he goes into his imagination, start the circular shapes of circles such as the sun, chords, watches and wheels. The edges of the screen are framed in decorated moving triangles or circles. Transitions are filled with color, and Celtic knots. From the trees to the floors, many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns. <br /> <br /> Clockwork in 70 minutes minus credits, The secret of Kells is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and silliness thrown in to keep people (maybe just kids) interested. I think one should generally be opened for The Secret of Kells as a half piece of art, a half-film about history. Despite what it looks like, it is animated with Adobe Illustrator. It's a very nice movie. But on the basis of the 20 films submitted for Oscar consideration, I don't think it was worth nominating Mary and Max. <br /> <br /> ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
