THE SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animated feature that blinds your eye and moves your heart. The shortcomings of the movie's limited budget and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated by the visual poetry of the story of young Brendan's heroic quest to become a master lighting in the dark. Historically, it was in the late 8th century, when the centers of Irish learning were overwhelmed by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as brutal antagonists, the equivalent on the North Sea of ​​looting Huns and Mongols further east. The film's narrative --- which functions more than a parable --- revolves around the conflict between Brendan, which seeks to create beauty in its illuminations during a time of darkness and its back uncle the Abbot - what the protection of the town of Kells and his cousin with a threatening wall as a barrier against the Norsemen. The Abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in his quest for security. This is the film's outer conflict. Brendan's inner conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative enlightenment that will allow him to complete the most difficult painting in the book of Kells. This eye is preserved by a Dragon Ouroboros, who will surely kill some of those who are not fit for this quest as the Vikings outside (this is so much of the story I will reveal!) <br /> <br /> What I really like about this movie is the creators' imaginative understanding of some of the greatest artwork that survived in the West from 1200 years ago. The characters are styled in flat abstract shapes that are defined by line, just like in the original book of Kells. (In particular, monk Aidan's pet cat, defined in few lines, but pure --- and even magically metamorphic cat-like.) The variety of emotions that Brendan and the other animated characters convey is a tribute to their economy of abstract design the excellent works of art by the director and his animators. The decorative borders at the edge of the picture change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this feature of relief from the dark ages is brought to a wonderful animated life in the Secret of Celts. Of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our own times than the times these dramas try to portray. The writers and director of THE SECRET OF KELLS, however, announces a sense of living life of the distant time in Ireland, which is psychologically true, but how much the writing may derail from pedantic historical fact. . (The United Nations' band of enlighteners who appear as a scam club of artists in The SECRET OF KELLS is not historically likely, but they are all well-designed, individualized characters who do a lot to actually carry the universal appeal of this. Irish story.) Animation was always the best vehicle for me to help us better understand the visual arts of different times and cultures. The beautiful artistry of this movie is evident from its historical visual source, but is also cleverly adapted to the demands of animated storytelling; If animation in the dark ages existed, the secret of being even how it will look! Lastly, Brendan's hero's quest in this movie is the artist's perennial quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without preaching or even especially Christian, this movie confirms Jesus' poem that "man not only eats bread.") In my estimation, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky's ANDREI RUBLEV, a movie about the great Russian icon painter of the 15th century. The SECRET OF KELLS expresses the same sense of secret and excitement about the artist's visual quest and creative process. It's certainly not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- heck --- it's a cartoon! (And one that will appeal to young and old.) I think this movie will cease to be repetitive: in its modest life-reducing way, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
