After Serling continued to hit the viewers with three very different episodes right in front of the bat, Serling continued to put the viewers at The Twilight Zone in a very strange way by scheduling one of the biggest producers as the fourth episode. "The Sixteen Millimeter Shrine" is one of the more underestimated episodes, focusing on an obsolete movie star's inability to handle the changing times and just setting a supernatural element in the closing time. Because of this approach, the episode is first chased, but then it sees a thoroughly classic and beautifully written short story. <br /> <br /> Both the lead, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as Her frustrated but caring agent, shine in their performances. The biggest problem with the episode is that the so-called 25-year-old footage of the actress is inconclusive. Lupino looks the same as the young Trent plays as she does when she plays the middle-aged Trent and it significantly reduces the drama of the situation. Lupino is happy to do her socks to convince us of her despair to return to the past. This is a situation that most can sympathize with, but Trent is far from a sympathetic character. She is a prima donna who thinks little about the feelings of those around her, such as the disastrously perverted fellow study that she criticizes without hesitation for reminding her how long ago her glory days were. It is therefore surprising that she is rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the big projection screen and it is cleverly predicted in the opening hours when Trent scares her maid by sticking out behind the screen. What is not clear at first is whether it is sucked into the projector, a reward or a hard lesson to appreciate what we currently have in life. As it turns out, Trent can return to the past she desires, proving how strong the wishful thinking of people can be. <br /> <br /> "The Sixteen Millimeter Shrine" gets better with each look. . The top writing and play combine to create a short game of immense power that reflects the nature of people longing for the past, although we can never come back. Except in the Twilight Zone.
