A DAY IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictional version of the weeks leading up to the RAPTURE and the weeks after the central event. <br /> <br /> I thoroughly enjoyed the production values ​​and content values ​​of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> THE PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent movie, with a shoe-string budget. So, it's going to look a little cheesy (if your standard A list is Hollywood price). But, properly compared to other independent movies, this movie is perfectly acceptable. More important than acting, costumes and music is the story itself. Is the story compelling? Do the dramatic moments work? Build the story trajectory into a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is an unqualified 'yes'. As a side note, the really important technical things - continuity, sound, lighting - are fine. The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by messy craftsmanship. <br /> <br /> CONTENT VALUE. The message of the movie is wonderful. When you look at the ideas that the filmmaker developed within the short 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate his artworks. He offers the message of salvation, the result of unbelief, the danger of apostasy, the truth of the rapture, and the threat of a world-dominant satanic government with flare, imagination and, more importantly, an evangelical movie - with biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The movie maker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) Through action, he shows us the reality of Jesus Christ's sacrifice for our sake. It is achieved in a subplot where the zoo keeper is near a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only cure is blood from someone who is immune to the snake venom. The poison is like sin; the healing is like the blood of Christ, poured on the cross. (2) The film maker also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has several characters explaining the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So, the movie uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. <br /> <br /> As a lace note, the fact that a movie produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogue and scenes that is a clear demarcated message about salvation, in explicit evangelical Christian language, images, and theology is also perfectly acceptable. To criticize this movie for being explicit is Christian absurd; It is similar to the criticism of a Nike brand sports promotion brand. What else would evangelical Christian filmmakers, if not a film, declare their case? The fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that unbelievers will be left behind in a wicked world is also perfectly acceptable. The filmmaker uses the dramatic potential of that idea wonderfully. How do I know? I heard of A THIEF IN THE NIGHT of a woman who saw the show in 1974; It still lived in her memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say? All around, a very pleasant, exciting show. I plan to show it to my teenage group at church.
