Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, The Mistress of the Dark was an 80's TV icon that had her own late night show on the cable. She presented and presented classic American horror films, many of them champions, providing her own trinkets and humorous remarks. Actress Cassandra Peterson has been successful to this date. In 1988, her first film was released. Play herself, she sticks to monster movie shows, but longs for her own show in Las Vegas and makes big money. Her agent Manny proves a disappointment. It's not long before she inherits a mansion from a deceased relative, a pet dog and a recipe book. She is claiming her legacy in a small Nevada village - she was on her way to Las Vegas and was lost - and soon things are moving in the temperate community. Outspoken Conservative City Councilwoman Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the village's decency and values. Her turbulent figure and winning character soon attracted the youth of the village. She falls for Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), the village craftsman / carpenter, but before any true relationship can flourish, she finds herself deeply in trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), an honest older man who is also part of the prosperity of Elvira's family member, is actually an age-old wizard who has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira herself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a book of magical magic, a force he wants to claim for himself. He plans to bring Elvira down by firing the town at stake. How will Elvira get out of this one? The film was not a real success at the box, and attracted a crowd of mostly young audiences who were familiar with the Elvira show on the cable. Truth is told, it's a funny and feel-good movie. The script is full of all sorts of jokes, some bad, some good, many sexual insinuations, visual jokes and overall campus, ie the hilarious last scene in which Elvira finally has her own comic strip show in Vegas. This film is a cult classic of all kinds, catering to Elvira fans. You can't enjoy this movie differently. It is also a look back on the pop culture of the 80's. Elvira was so much an icon of the 80's like Alf, Vicky the Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
