Since the beginning of her career in the 70's and throughout the exuberant 80's, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown into a modest icon and true cult figure in the world of horror and bad monster films. While me. Peterson used several films in films, covering a wide variety of genres, it was her TV character Elvira who brought her the best known. Part of her charm ?? and respect of the fans ?? lies in the fact that she never drove her back to the horror genre that made her famous (as opposed to many other big name actors and actresses who turned themselves away from their "early" work. I just have pieces of her TV Beholding, but her role in Ghoultown's recent tribute "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to watch more of her, one thing has long been clear to me for this music video: Over the years Elvira has an influence of herself when the mid-80s came. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after films like "Fright Night" and "Terror Vision", homages and spoofs included on her TV work, it eventually happens: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", the movie, now I've seen the trailer already in the VHS rental days, but it took me until last week to finally see the real movie. watched the "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001) but for some reason it has me Not so impressed. Was it really so forgetful, or should I see it again? Actually, I really really look at it now, as this first Elvira movie of '88 really convinced me. Although perhaps partly responsible for making this film, Sam Egan and John Paragon may be contributing to the screenplay. There is actually no way to deny it. Cassandra Peterson has a great sense of comedy (she also wrote the script). <br /> <br /> When Elvira learns that she is one of the great aunt's (which she has never heard before), she takes it as the long-cherished opportunity to show her own performance in Las Vegas. start. To claim her legally inherited money, she travels to a quiet New England town. But the fallow villagers of Falwell are a surprise. In less than no time she succeeds in shocking and insulting all striking residents of the conservative small town with her (often unintentional) challenging behavior. To make matters worse, her legacy does not seem to be what she expected: a rounded house, a cookbook and a poodle. But what she doesn't know, and her evil uncle Vincent Albot does, is that her big aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes to explore the brightest dark powers. And if you haven't averted the movie yet when Elvira cooked her first dish from the recipe book, then rest assured, you're going to stick this ride with a smile on your face. <Br /> <br /> It's amazing how a text works with boob jokes, witty one-liners, movie references, in-jokes and healthy flavors, also tells a coherent story. Simple, natural, but coherent. While other movies, which rely heavily on gagged situations, make the whole story completely loose (for example, the "Naked Gun" movies), do this movie. In the 1980s, many horror comedies were produced, but not many of them really worked. Leave a horror spoof that doesn't save at some point ("Killer Party", although I'm grateful for this one who is going to be completely bonkers in the finals) or to be sown too quickly ("Saturday the 14th "). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it is not disconnected from what it does and consistently builds up to a moderately grotesque final, completed with a supernatural action in the streets of Falwell between the newborn witch Elvira and the angry uncle Wizard Talbot, including a true honest-to-god witch hunt and Elvira's own fire-at-the-game moment. <br /> <br /> I tell you, there's no power in hell that can make this movie. One of the first giggles I received was during the opening credits when Daniel Greene's name appeared. Daniel was? Oh yes, I recognize his name (and later on his dull macho face). How can one not forget Daniel Greene once you have seen ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you didn't see "Atomic Cyborg," then I'm sorry, but you can't laugh with his face in this one. And on a lace note: I never thought Elvira looked this cool as he walked away ignorantly from a petrol station. Even Robert Rodriguez couldn't make it look better.
