"Why did they make them so big? Why didn't they just give the money to the poor?" The question of cathedrals was asked by a student to Mr Harvey during a school holiday trip to the Salisbury Cathedral. "It's a good question," he replied. "To inspire them - to find them with awe." I'm not sure cathedrals have that impact on everyone, but this movie definitely had that impact on me. It was incredible! <br /> <br /> It didn't start like that. For a while it was a little more than a portrayal of a good field trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you're ever on a high school campaign anywhere, it's basically it. You have a group of largely disinterested children, but just happy to be out of school for a day, the bus driver chosen by them and some teachers desperately trying to keep it all under control. The t-shirt was my first reaction. I thought it would ultimately be a typical story of a teacher who could inspire a group of interested students. To yawn! But it seems to be much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a somber, irreconcilable teacher with a strange fascination for cathedrals. In the course of the film his story slowly emerges and becomes the focal point of the story. We are also introduced to some of the troubled students - especially Helen, also brilliantly played by Nathalie Press, who has self-mutilation. <br /> <br /> It's not a religious movie, but it includes some powerful reflections on religious themes. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says, "It doesn't care what anyone believes, as long as they don't try to force it on someone else." Harvey replies, "It's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - what is actually (in my opinion) that often goes for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the final scene of the movie was brilliant. As Harvey gets back on the bus, director Susanna White slowly lifts the camera so that the final shot is simply off the air. Review back to Harvey's remark that the cathedral's purpose is to find people in awe. The cathedral reaches its goal. We look into the universe in awe and look for something bigger than ourselves, but we choose to define it. It is a very powerful and inspirational film. 9/10
