Match 1: Tag Team Table Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley start a Tag Team Table Match match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the game, both opponents must go through tables to win. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early by slamming innings that hammered first Spike and then Bubba Ray. A German suplex by Benoit after Bubba took the wind out of the Dudley brother. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee held him while Benoit and Guerrero turned up in the corner. With Benoit bumping into Bubba, Guerrero set up a table outside. Spike bumps into the ring and somersaulted over the top rope on Guerrero on the outside! After the repair and care of Spike, Guerrero slipped a table in the ring and helped the Wolverine set it up. The tandem then sat for a double super-center of the middle rope that Bubba would put through the table, but Spike hit the table before his brother crashed! Guerrero and Benoit still produce a table in the corner and try to try Irish Whip Spike through it, but Bubba blocked and blocked his brother. Bubba set alight and lifted both opponents in abdomen drops! Bubba knocked Guerrero and Spike on the Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba keeps Benoit in the bay for Spike to rise in the Wassup! headbutt! Soon after, Benoit Spike closed in the Crossface, but the game continued even after Spike pulled out. Bubba came to his brother's rescue and jumped Benoit on a table. Bubba jumps out of the middle rope, but Benoit moves and sends Bubba to fall through the forest! But because his opponents didn't force him through the table, Bubba could stay in the game. The first man was eliminated shortly afterwards, as Spike Eddie sat down a table with a Dudley Dawg from the ring shot! Never before did Spike even put the score through a table later. In a few seconds, Bubba nailed a Bubba bomb that Benoit had put through a table and gave the Dudleys the victory! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia with him to the ring for the Cruiserweight championship. Noble and Kidman locked up and tumbled over the ring, but looked back and got more. When Kidman destroyed all Noble's movements, Noble fled outside the ring where Nidia encouraged him. The battle spread outside the ring and Noble threw his girl in the challenger. Kidman throws Nidia aside, but is trimmed with a modified armrest. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm back in the ring. Kidman's injured injury hampered his offense, but he still fought hard. Noble tried to hide Kidman with a powerbomb, but the challenger counteracted in a facade. Kidman did things with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble broke out. Kidman went again for the Shooting Star Press, but this time Noble just got out of the way. Noble soon cut Kidman into a power bomb and got the pen to keep his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs Jeff Hardy William Regal next made Jeff Hardy try to win the European Championship. Jeff tugged Regal over the top rope and then put him off the ring apron with a Hurracanrana. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the Whisper in the wind to beat Regal for a loop. Jeff went for the Swanton bomb, but Regal got his knees to hit Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff surprised Regal with a quick roll and got the pin to keep the European Championship! Regal started running to see Hardy on his way back on the driveway. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho promised to end John Cena's career in their match at Vengeance. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson, as their game started by battling him to the mat. Jericho continued to beat Cena around the ring until his goodness got better from him. As he started on the top rope, Jericho started the show boat and Cena allowed him to grab him for a super spot! Cena followed with an oblique foam, but was dropped into the stomach with a nasty drop. The newcomer recovered and beat a stomach to the muscle but could not move Y2J away. Jericho started in the Lionsault, but Cena left the move. Jericho nailed a bulldog and then joined the Lionsault, but didn't go for the cover. He throws Cena on his feet so that he can offend the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas to turn the move in an effort to get the 1-2-3! Jericho became famous after the match. Winner: John Cena. <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD vs Brock Lesnar through Disqualification The Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View joins the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock grabs the title of the ref and briefly takes it over his shoulder while looking at RVD. Van Dam's fluency suited Brock. The big man rolled out of the ring and kicked the steel steps out of frustration. Brock pulled himself together and began to take control. With Paul Heyman bumping along the rings, Brock RVD hits the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock overwhelmed RVD and comfortably brought him over the rope. RVD landed painfully on his back, and then had to suffer if his spine crashed against the steel ring steps. The fight returned to the ring with Brock to push RVD to the ribs. RVD broke away and soon afterwards Brock kicked a kick to the temple. RVD followed the Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to kick off a two-point. The battle seemed to be over if RVD went for a Five Star Frog Splash. However, Brock hoisted Van Dam on his shoulder and went to the F-5, but RVD strangled Brock in a DDT and followed the Frog Splash! He went for the pen, but Heyman pulled the ref out of the ring! The law immediately requested a disqualification and quickly beat Heyman! After that, RVD jumps on Brock from the top rope and then threatens to hit the Van Terminator! Heyman grabs RVD's leg and Brock picked up the camp and this time linked the F-5 to a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T versus the Big Show Booker T, confronted the Big Show one-on-one. Show Resist Booker T's kicks and push and hit Booker in the corner. After he was thrown from the ring, Booker picked up a chair at the rings, but Big Show hit it again in Booker's face. Booker tried to come back into the game by hiding Show with a camera cable at ringside. Booker hit a Spanish TV announcer's position in the show's skull, and then donated a pair of scissors that the two men put through the table! Booker crawled back into the ring and the Big Show flung in a few moments. Show Engraved Booker's throat, but has a low bladder and a kick on the face. Booker climbed the rope and pinched a somersaulting leg drop to get the pen! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H tuned the ring into a thunderous ovation, as fans hoped to learn where The Game would eventually compete. Before he could speak, Eric Bishoff stopped the game to apologize for getting involved in his personal business. When Triple H signed RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never play again. Bischoff said he spent the past two years in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next outbreak, WWE Superstar, and they are all talking about Triple H. Bischoff guaranteed that if Triple H signed RAW, he would get the best opportunities. Stephanie McMahon came out to issue her own field. She said that because of her personal history with Triple H, the two of them knew each other well. She said the two of them were once unstoppable and they could be again. Bischoff cut her and begged her to stop. Stephanie quoted Triple H as telling her how Bischoff said Triple H had no talent and no charisma. Bischoff said he was then young and didn't know what he had, but he has much more experience than Stephanie. The two continued to go back and forth until Triple H climbed his microphone. The game said it would be easy to screw one of them. Triple H shook Bischoff's hand, but pulled it away. He said he would rather go with the devil he knows rather than the one he doesn't know. Before he could go further, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was to cause problems. He didn't want to get involved, but he remembered pledging to bring Triple H to the nWo. HBK said there is no one in the world that Triple H is better friends. HBK told his friend to put the two together again, to make Bischoff's life a living hell. Triple H said it was an attractive offer. He then turned and cut HBK, and his official switched to RAW! Triple H and HBK remained, and Bischoff believed his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two was that he had testicles and she did not. Stephanie slapped Bischoff on the side of the head and left! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Tag Team Championship Contest Christian and Lance Storm vs Hollywood Hogan and Edge The game started with hard "USA" songs and with Hogan Shoving Christian through the ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took over from there. But Edge hit a kick for Christian's head and planted a face shield on Storm to get the marker at Hogan. Hogan started with Hulk and soon caught Christian with a big boot and a bone drop! Storm hit the count and Christian threw Hogan out of the ring where Storm clipped the icon. Edge soon tagged and dropped both opponents. He jumped both of them into the corner latches, but missed a spear on Strom and hit hard in the place of the scent. Edge nailed a DDT, but the ref was off and couldn't count. Test came down and Hogan dropped out and looked Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the pen, but Edge kicked out after two. Riksihi rushed to stop the test, so Edge Storm could recover and mirror. However, Christian derived the ref, and Y2J packed and clocked the Tag Team Championship! Storm rolled over and has the drag to win the title! Winners and New Tag Team Championships: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. The Rock vs Kurt Angle and the Undertaker Three of WWE's most successful superstars played a threefold threat with the undisputed championship in the balance. Taker and The Rock face-to-face with Kurt Angle for some attention. He received attention in the form of a discount from the other two men. Shortly afterwards, Taker threw out of the ring and The Rock slipped into the corner. Angle gave a series of suplexes that Rock put down, but the Great One responded to a DDT that scored a two-point. The battle continued outside the ring, with Taker coming to life. Taker and Rock got it back in the ring, and Taker dropped the rock with a pavement to get a pair. Rock came back, grabbed Taker by the throat and shook him! Angle broke the pen effort that would probably give The Rock the title. The Rock is returned by attaching Kurt Angle to the single shot. Angle reversed the move and the People's Champion Rock Bottomed. Shortly afterwards, The Rock threw away the corner and hit the People's Elbow at the Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage of deactivating the Big One outside the ring and covering Taker, who kicked out a two-count. Outside the ring, Rock took a big plunge from a nearby water bottle and spat the liquid in Taker's face to blind the champion. Taker didn't stay long, and managed to overpower Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker landed a guillotine bone drop on Angle and put it on the ring apron. The Rock picked him up in time to try Kurt Angle. Taker nailed the Rock with a DDT and created him for a shock slam. ANgle tried to sneak up with a steel chair, but Taker caught on the tomfool and beat it out of his hands. The referee got caught in the next fire and didn't see a corner stick. Taker is stupid with a steel chair. Corner went to cover Taker as The Rock leaned, but the Dead Man somehow got his shoulder. Angle tried to pin Rock, but he also kicked out. The rock rose and went into the sharp corner! Angle looked as if he was about to type, but Taker kicked The Rock out of the provisional container. Taker picked up Rock and crashed him with the last ride. While the Dead Man covered him for victory, Angle ran and Taker picked in the single lock! Taker became furious with pain, but could resist it. He chose the corner for the last ride, but Angle put a triangle stick! It looked like Taker was about to leave, but The Rock just broke the corner of the corner to get caught in the lock. Rock watched over and looked at Taker Chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit the Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and kick off. Angle Wirled Taker in the Angle Slam, but was Rock Bottomed at the Big One and pinched! Winner and New WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> ~ Finally, there is a decent PPV! The PPV was not very good, but one was a winner. I give this PPV an A- <br /> <br />
