Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. The feelings of pain, sadness and sadness can be unbearable. However, sometimes it is the memories that leave behind that cause the saddest emotions. This theme is superbly portrayed in the short film 'Tulip', directed by award-winning Australian actress, Rachel Griffths. Describing as a movie 'so much about memories as it is about love', a string of sensitivity and sentimentality is appropriate in this triumphant 15 minute movie. <br /> <br /> 'Tulip' is a beautifully crafted, touch and heartwarming story of a man's journey to come with the loss of his wife through the relationship he has with a very special animal, 'Tulip ', Share. The film starts with an emerging day, the bird of the bird and a vast landscape, representing the feeling of rustic harmony throughout the film. A soft music play that marks the entrance to Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a floral dress and apron with a sun hat on her head. She accommodates Tulip gently, stroking her ears and hitting her back. The care of the house is impressive and attention to detail is credible (a vase of tulips can be seen on the sofa), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth when she rinses the milk from the bucket. They throw the milk and coffee together, a sign of company and teamwork. Not a word is said, but it is clear that their relationship is now and lovingly; they paint a perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, happiness doesn't last forever. The tragic passing of Ruth becomes deep. An effective scene of faded cars highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. Soon he will sink into depression and become unaware of his environment when everything looks hopeless and lost. At Will's moment of despair, Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth, the true connection Will has with his late wife. It was through Tulip who will learn to deal with the absence of Ruth and overcome the heartbreaking feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters is portrayed realistically and firmly, especially the part of Will. Charles Bud 'Tingwell brings the character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his acting. Every sack of his shoulder and every frown on his forehead makes the viewer strong in character. The character of Ruth is performed wonderfully by Jean Bain. Although Ruth doesn't say a single word through the film, her lovely personality and loving relationship with Will is obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give stunning performances to support the friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> An anecdote from Griffth's childhood, the story of loss and discovery is remarkably captured in 'Tulip'. Beautifully shot and beautifully shot, this film will surely make you a foggy eye, triumphant or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
