I read some reviews of this TV movie that everyone said the movie was dragged too long and it was basically just sensational entertainment. I agree that the movie might last too long (2h30 would have been enough ...), but I definitely don't think it will make the subject sensational. Jim Jones' expansive power journey and slow decline in mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated voyeuristically. The film takes its time to show how Jones recruits recruits (Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif's character stand-outs in the case), but also in observing an unconscious move in Jones's perception of reality. It is surprising to see an egalitarian, left-wing and compassionate preacher become such a devastating and cruel dictator. Perhaps the film isn't enough to investigate Jones's motivation, which can sometimes make the entire trial superficial (perhaps with censorship too.) But Powers Boothe's captivating performance makes it all true. I'm not familiar with the details of real life Jim Jones's life, but Boothe makes sure the monster he plays credibly and truly. The film features very strong scenes, including the preaching of Jones, Jones' meeting with Father Divine (an honorable James Earl Jones), congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) visit to the Guyana camp, and of course the suicide scene. It is quite a bleak spectacle to watch and Boothe was highly recommended in that last moment. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the sudden skeptical followers, and so does Veronica Cartwright (as Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when their time goes to drink the murderous drink. The relative calm of the end of this scene, the tasteful direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural environment, all work to make the images quite impossible. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. Worth watching, if you keep in mind just one of the really terrible events of the 20th century. Not to have it repeated again. As ironically, the headline in Jim Jones's camp is: "Those who don't know the past must repeat it."
