Most successful cartoon movies usually depend on villains who are bigger than life, ready to jump off the screen and make you lively with a smile or a demented line or two dialogue. The Tim Burton Batmans did it, just like an even larger grotesque way, Sin City. With Dick Tracy producer / director / star Warren Beatty piles on the villains until they become part of the framework. As a fascinating tribute to the 1930s gangster photographs - just this time meant for kids, as opposed to the darker Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy, are filled with joy filled with archetypes and bright primary colors where the criminals carry thumb guns and on their faces to form their personalities. Villains like thugs, shoulders, lips, browser, mumble, empty, pruneface, spud. Chester Gould gave the names to his characters who fit their profiles, and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass. The film is a continuation of the perfect shotgun. <br /> <br /> At that time, when films such as Batman and (underrated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were darker depictions of reality within a comic book Dick Tracy are more "old-school". It's a story of police and crooks, or rather a police spokesperson, detective Tracy, while trying to disturb Big Boy (Al Pacino, who is probably his BIGGEST performance to date, and in a sense, the one who makes sense make for his grand style), but with no luck. There is also a little kid, just called the kid (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings this little child to their minds), and Tracy's love interest in Tess. And then there is the nightclub 'lady' (Madonna, who probably doesn't play a big role, but maybe it does fit well and she sings excellent when requested), which won't testify unless Tracy acknowledges what he didn't do It didn't matter to her. Then there are complicated relationships to pick up Tracy, and a mysterious masked figure with a scandal. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, as if it were a refurbishment of a Howard Hawks movie in a bunch of visual effects and bigger explosions, Dick Tracy adds to the wink-comedy and the action as his syrup " a long stack of pancakes. It is a wonder to look at this world, created in ways that have a fascination for those they did today. It would only be through computers (ie, Sin City, which is fairly comparable to Beatty's movie). We are being driven into large shots through this world and then placed in camera plots, or whatever, in large machining settings with camera angles that seem to come from the small slanting panels in the old slips. I am almost reminded of the Cotton Club during these sequels, as story, music, detail, and some big punches and gunshots, going a long way to revealing what needs to be said, which shouldn't be more than that. And there's a heap of catchy dialogue out of the writing (one of my favorites: "the enemy of my enemy is ... my enemy", plus any of Pacino's references to other figures in quotes). <br /> <br /> Repeat this after seeing it for the first time in the movie (and remembering only small pieces), Dick Tracy is a hard-boiled fantasy to the best of its kind. It was filled with good cheer for the kids, and with a little good action it fell away without being more sinister of his cousin-comic-book movies (ie PG-13 rate) and for the adults the setback central with panache and a solid feeling for the unsubtle. Even Dustin Hoffman puts it up and he hardly says an audible word!
