The opening credits allow for a brilliant, atmospheric piece of escapist entertainment that is full of little kinks for the cartoon. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the movie is jam packed with famous character actors who are covered in horrible makeup to enhance their features. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is the ultimate tough man straight man, imperishable, calm usually, always a better fighter than the other man, and rarely one to push the limit on legality. Al Pacino, as 'Big Boy' Caprice steals every scene in which he is in a gangster gangster in an unnamed metropolis of 1930s gangsters. Maddonna plays the kind of person she will probably play best, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her own little agenda. Gleanne Headly is Tracy's stubborn, completely independent long-term maid. And then there's the kid, a funny little-street hedgehog Tracy taking in, modeling himself to his surrogate father and saving Tracy when the detective accepted his fate to be blown up. <br /> <br /> The supporting players are a Who's Who of character actors. Charles Durning is the head of the police. Dick Van Dyke is the District Attorney, who is overturned by Big Boy's goons to keep him on the street. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous turn like Mumbles, the snitch whose dialect is so indifferent, police can't head or tail off what he should say. RG Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the competing gangsters Big Boy forms a special marriage to create a network of crime spread throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, the piano player for Breathless's performance. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, Breathless's former benefactor until Big Boy gives him Bath. James Caan has a relatively small make-up in his performance as the only gangster who won't go with Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are Big Boy's henchmen, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This movie retains all the comics of the cartoon, plus it's full of vibrant colors. Almost all the suits are expanded in blue and green and yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow are found in this movie - and then some! The rugged paintings used really realize this world as two-dimensional, acting only in three-dimensional sets. The humor is plentiful. Al Pacino fills the shoes of his character, like no other character he played before or after. Big Boy is a kind of crazy, and kind of self-pity. He is an eccentric little boy who is proud of the appointments of our founding fathers and comparing him to great political leaders. The man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
