Several times in the late 19th century, somewhere in the American West, several bulls who need money are hunting a buffalo. The group's leader believes that buffalo is too much for the hunt to have any impact, but the more experienced hunter saw how quickly the population could fall and he wasn't so sure. With buffalo herds living in South Dakota showing movie of the real hunt (in the introduction of the film being spoken as thin of the herd), the movie is an excellent task to tell us about the fate of the buffalo and its effect on Native Americans without ever preaching about it. <br /> <br /> The true story, however, is about the dysfunctional family created by the small group formed to do the hunt. The father figure is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing but needs the job after losing his cattle. A half-Indian boy, who hates the fact that he is completely Caucasian, takes on the role of adopted son. The grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo; Charlie's wife is an Indian woman whose companions killed him after stealing his horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. He is mean and insulting to everyone around him, but at the same time he knows they are the only family and friends he has. He expects the abducted Indian women to hate him and then accept him, but he doesn't know how to react if she refuses to do so. He is the one who puts the family together in the first place, but he is also the one who eventually wants to destroy it. <br /> <br /> It's all very similar to the classic "Red River", which also features features. a family of kinds is torn apart by the increasingly violent and estranged father figure. As one can expect, this movie is compared. The plot is not as focused on the development of characters and family dynamics, and the direction fails to keep all the scenes to reach this common goal. Charlie is so unlikely from the start that we never have any reason to worry about what happens to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message around the buffalo slave adds an extra dimension to the film and its conclusion is much better than the Hollywood ending at the end of the "Red River". As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining movie, made very well, but it is not necessary to regard it as a classic.
