I recently watched Spirit and enjoyed it very much, I saw it about 4 times on HBO and will buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that "Vanishing Point" was just another car hunt movie and "Thelma & Louise" was just another chick fly. Although the conclusions of those films are darker, I feel the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism is very important and there is usually someone who wants to take it away from you. The other common feature of these movies is the caring, thoughtful `guardian angel 'types who help the main characters overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here describes how this movie relates to the theme of civilization that someone's home. All I have to do is look around at the vanished open spaces to see us. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and story was great, the animators really had the horses to watch, act, and of course move. Spirit's emotions were very clear as the story progresses (yes, I am aware that they are a little man riding the horses, but that is fiction). In some action scenes you feel caught in the stream of rapids and the heat of a forest fire. In other more silent scenes (most of the time) you can enjoy the backgrounds. One of the big things the story really works out is not to talk to the chat. Doing so will remove the story's power. Instead, the story's story is told by occasional storytelling by the main characters, and further punch is added by the fantastic soundtrack. Another plus is that they were not afraid to give the story a bit of a dark side (which this film really made me). However, this is not common throughout the movie, and the conclusion is fit and uplifting without being juicy. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will love this movie, but I think it's a little more than a horse movie. I don't think it will be a good movie to take children if they are educated at the volatile price offered today. But if they are the thoughtful kind that can handle brave stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably like this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and still like those things.
