One of the most definitive gangster movies of the 80's, Scarface is a movie of his time. The first thing you see when you watch this movie is that it shouted at you, "made in 1983". The costumes, the music party and the soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake. It's a movie about crime in the 80's and although it had to be terribly dated, it didn't. It's still a great movie. While Georgio Moroder's music was a little bit dated, it still complements Tony Montana's story well, thanks to the wonderful script by Oliver Stone and the first class direction of Brian De Palma, one of two films he made with Pacino ( the other being the fantastic Carlito's Way). All the brands of De Palma are here; The strong language, the graphic violence (more about this later), the stylish redundancies such as grandiose pieces and of course the stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I mean it literally. He is the dominant star of this movie. His performance on top, that is one of those films where Pacino doesn't say his lines, shouting them, this time with an excellent Cuban accent. However, it is Pacino and he does it great. Only he can go so far over the top and still get away from the film with his acting integrity in tact. While some may complain about calling out of its lines and its mere excess, it is an excessive film. Watch the production design of Tony's home, watch the violence in this movie. The appearance of the chainsaw is really brutal and they are everywhere blood. The shooting at the end has bodies at a rate more akin to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Watch the amount of coke shown in the movie, so Pacino's performance is supposed to be perfect for the movie. He is supported by actors who are more related to their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, in particular, like Manny, Tony's best friend, is the standpoint of the supporting role. His performance is so controlled and quiet in a De Niro way, it's a wonder how he finally made straight to make video-soft porn. Of course Michelle Pfeiffer adds the brilliance, Robert Loggia usually adds gravitas and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a wonderful debut as Tony's sister. Of course, it's more than just a movie about excess. There is more to drugs, violence, chain attacks and a huge shooting. It's a movie about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways, it puts it on a theme level with The Godfather movies. Tony comes to America, gets everything, lives the American dream, and loses it all violently and by saying he loses everything, I mean he loses everything. He killed his best friend, his sister was killed, his rich literally fell around him and, in addition, he was killed in his own home, dots ripping through him. <br /> <br /> Without a doubt, Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80's. Sure, it doesn't have the subtleties of The Godfather movies, but it's still a fine movie and one worth going back to.
