I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the film release. It was great to see it on the big screen, as so many of them are lost on television sets and the overall magnitude of this project cannot be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is the remake of a classic rag to wealth at the depths of the hell with Al Pacino as Cuban drugist Tony Montana. In this version, Tony came to America during the Cuban boat's immigration wave in the late 1970s, early 1980s. Tony and his cohorts soon get green tickets by getting a political figure in Tent City and after a short stay at a Cuban restaurant; Tony is launched on his terrible road to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this movie have been played in such a way that it is so nice to see that I've forgotten about this movie for the last twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is flawed by being confident, and as Tony comes out quickly, it's soft. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez, is portrayed by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the ultimate toady and will do everything to Frank. it is as if he has no idea of ​​his own. Tony sees it quickly and he is constantly struggling with Suarez, but really sees him as a small problem on the way to the top. The character that always comes back to me is played so perfectly, is Mel Bernstein, the proudly corrupt detective of Miami Narcotics played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). Mel, without debt, spends large amounts of money on all sides of the drug industry. He plays Tony from Frank until he catches up with him in a scene indicating the exit of both Frank and Mel's film. It is invaluable to hear that Frank asks Mel to intervene, as Tony is just going to kill him to hear Mel's answer, "This is your tree, Frank, you're in it." This is from the man who paid Frank for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's rise is meteoric and only matches speed and intensity with his rapid crash and fire. After acting and taking his wife and business, Tony's greed over and he never looks enough to get enough. As Tony deeper into the world of drugs, greed and inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and sister in love and in love. All this puts an end to Tony's connection with an army of his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony would not deal with a political murder ordered. All these stems are a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder that would involve the victim's wife and children. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a good portrayal of the excessive and cocaine culture of 1980. DePalma does a great job of keeping it all together in one of the fastest moving three-hour movies. The violence is extremely graphic and contains some scenes that will be etched forever on every viewer's spirit, especially the horrific chain saw seen, the two point white shots at the head and the whole bloody closeness that ends the movie. It is a highly recommended stylistic done film that is not for the sick, or for those who need exciting ends and potential persecutors; DePalma lets it all fly here.
