A classic is something everyone wants to read, but nobody wants to read. " A classic is also something that everyone appreciates, but nobody read it. 'Mark Twain <br />' Classic 'is the word used to describe "Scarface", Brian DePalma's 1983 film on wealth, self-reliance, greed and danger under Florida's drug ring. People and critics (and rappers for the case) consider this movie an epic gangster classic 'or' epitome of gangster movies. "If it's nothing. It is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a fantastic film that has earned praise, but not all the praise it has from audiences, and therefore the fine points that make it so sharp are missed by the general public. <br /> <br /> First, the film is about a Cuban refugee, with a past that wants to escape communist grip and find happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's ruling genius, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he actually wrote a really good one here) play in it. The characters are all looking for an escape, because escape is a natural element that is being treated by everyone in the film. Every character has something to offer, which encourages everyone to appreciate this movie. They are entangled in a world of mysticism and money, but all that has a price, as they all learn. Every character thinks they get better chances in life, when they become in real dramatic irony, they actually get worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for drug use, it's violence, it's dialogue, has missed the point completely. There is nothing really positive about the film, except the characters' positive expectations of themselves. And so the movie works so well. The devastation through the film serves to deliver the message of the movie, not to look cool or to attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for cultists, or brainless action fans. <br /> <br /> Next, the movie is an adult drama. It's not a gangster movie. It has its share of action, but the action is very carefully drawn, so it has a point. It's not like 'Aliens' - an example of a big silly action movie, and most audiences are shooting this movie as a big silly action gangster film about drugs and humans. Ridiculous. Hogwash. If this movie is about it, it's about how bad it is. Not a promotion. <br /> <br /> It is said, the film is indeed a good movie. It has good cinematography that pulls you into the story. It has a very dramatic score (in the true Giorgio Moroder style), which can only give you cold fever or bring you to tears. The movie is quite long, but it's a story, and every moment counts. The acting is great. All Pacino - said enough. He can do any role he thinks, and it was no exception. Pretty boy Steven Bauer, as Manny. I didn't think much of him in other films he did, but he actually makes you like him when he is under mrs. De Palma's direction goes. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem than Elvira. She got her ticket to ride and perform without a beauty that is more than the eye's eye. But the three real diamonds in this rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony's sister Gina, who, when she smiles or cries, sees her soul and her fresh way of life and watches it deteriorate. Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug lover who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar portrays him as such; and Mirjam Colom as Tony and Gina's torn mother. These three dig the movie as deep as it can go. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned one main issue when he first looked at "Scarface". Always going in a movie unsuspecting. All the hype and talks of this movie can't fix you for what you really see. Just with knowledge of De Palma (like me) you can even give a look at what this film contains. So ignore the rap crap, ignore the stupid supporters, and fix yourself a glass of Bailey's on the rocks, and enjoy yourself in an emotional display of a great movie, the "Scarface."
