In 1983, director Brian De Palma made a film about the rise and fall of an American gangster, and he did. Using a fantastic script by Oliver Stone and an impeccable work by an excellent movie. The result was Scarface, with Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story began in May 1980, when Castro opened the port in Mariel, Cuba, to allow Cuban subjects to join their families in the United States. 125,000 left Cuba at the time, for the greener pastures of freedom in America, and most were honest, hard-working people, grateful for the opportunity they were granted. But not all. Among the "Marielitos" that fled in Florida, about 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing short of the dangers of Cuba's prisons - criminals considered redemption, of which Castro just wanted to get rid. And they also saw America as a land of opportunity, even though Al Capone considered Chicago about fifty years earlier. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known to his associates as `Caracortada. 'Scarface. <br /> <br /> Now that he was free from the yoke of communism by which he grew up, Montana wanted what he felt to come to him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he walked from the boat in Florida, he was determined to have it all. Wealth and power - it was Montana's dream, and he would get it by doing what he did best, starting with a favor for a man living in Miami by the name of Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez apparently had a brother in Cuba who had an untimely end to one of Castro's goons, a man who, after surviving his use for Castro, was immediately thrown away and currently held in Little Havana , "along with Montana and all the Cubans just outside the boats, awaiting their government newspapers, which would bring about their transition into their new lives. And in short sequence, Montana sees Lopez's brother avenged and puts it boost for its own access to the underworld of America. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, in return for favor, Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), from the keep camp released and put them to work, in his day Capone might have had a bargain as a way to make his suitcases with illegal profits, but Lopez has the present-day equivalent, and it is even more profitable: Cocaine Lopez takes Montana under his wing and indoctrinate him in life, but as soon as he tastes it, Montana is not happy with which crumbs Lopez likes to throw his way, and he puts a course that will take him where he wants to be: at the "top". With a cold-blooded, iron, Montana will decide he'll do whatever it takes to get there, no matter what the cost. but before it is over, he will realize the price for his dream, and he will pay it; But for a short moment, maybe he'll know how to be the man. And he would also know if it was worth it. <br /> <br /> In line with De Palma's vision, Pacino Montana is bigger than life, and he does it beautifully. Out of the accent he (he thoroughly investigated to make sure he did it - and he did it), the body language and attitude, he has everything, and that makes Montana convincing and very real. What he brings is nuance and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro would be). It's definitely not a character that is sympathetic in any way, and there's nothing about Montana that you can easily relate to on a personal level. But Pacino's screen presence is so strong that it makes him a thorough penetrating character, although it is difficult to get involved with him emotionally. It's simply a dynamic, memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer also gives a solid performance in her role on the road to the stars. Like Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and underestimated, giving the feeling of something at the bottom, while influencing a cold and distant outlook. She, like Pacino, definitely makes her presence feel as she moves straight across the screen with a stoic, mysterious and sultry attitude. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent precursor to the more recent and highly acclaimed 'Traffic' and 'Blow', as well as a climactic scene reminiscent of Peckinpa's "The Wild Bunch", De Palma's "Scarface", originally cited by critics, has been quoted since. by many as the definite American gangster saga. Much of the violence is implied rather than graphically, but this film still has some realism that many can find a bit disturbing. But if you stick to it, there's finally a lesson to be learned. And like many lessons in life, the most valuable is often the most difficult to take at the moment. But the reward is always worth it, and so is this movie. I rate this one 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
