Those who have given such a low rating have probably never seen the celebrated George Balanchine production on stage, or their contempt for Macaulay Culkin's death affects their judgment. The Atlanta Ballet was fortunate enough to be the first ballet company to increase this production from the 1960s to the 1980s, except the New York City Ballet. I've seen it on stage several times. I can assure readers that the movie is a fairly accurate version of this production and that using a limited-dance child in the title role is not a cheap stunt dreamed of showing Culkin; It was Balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of Marie. The "heavy" dance is left to the adults in the story. <br /> <br /> It's deliberately a raised movie; In a way, it looks like Laurence Olivier's "Othello". Exactly as in the movie, the sets of stage production have expanded to the size of a movie soundtrack, but not less artificial, and the ballet is photographed straight with discreet imitations, and without the distracting "music video" clips appearing in the 1986 overstated Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard version. There are only two false steps in this 1993 movie. One is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects (the mouse whispers, the children whisper "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). The sound effects are never heard at any stage of the production of a "Nutcracker", and they have been fitted in as a cheap concession to satisfy unsophisticated audiences who cannot see the idea of ​​a ballet on film. <br /> <br /> The other fake step is Macaulay Culkin's nutcracker makeup, which looks absolutely ridiculous. When he is on the screen as the Nutcracker, rather than wearing a big mask (as is always done when the Balanchine production is performed on stage), Culkin is actually picked up as the toy - he wears what looks like a bare cap, as well as a white wig, mustache, and a beard. He also smelled his face, and the worst part of his composition is that it is still his face, amateurishly transformed, in a way like Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr's make-ups in "The Wizard of Oz" (However, the film's makeup results have been spectacularly done, as this one does). And a comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in his * production shows how wonderfully creative Baryshnikov's nutcracker was - the "jaws" actually looked like Baryshnikov had tilted his head back. <br /> <br /> The dance itself in the Macaulay Culkin version is excellent, of course, except for Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, is not meant to be even spectacular. (The Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier are the prominent dance roles in Balanchine's production of The Nutcracker.) However, the film's colors may be slightly brighter, as it is a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant, and its adaptation is so faithful that it contains the sequence that contains additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Sleeping Beauty". As Marie sneaks, goes to sleep on the couch, and dreams that Drosselmeyer "recovers" the broken Nutcracker (this sequence is never included in Tchaikovsky's original ballet - this is the only sequence in this production that contains music from another work as "The Nutcracker"). <br /> <br /> Those who missed this movie or those who despise (or despise) it should give it a chance, despite the two major drawbacks. It's much better than it looks when one first hears that Culkin is in it.
