It is released as Zentropa in North America to prevent confusion with Agniezska Holland's own Holocaust film Europe Europe. This third theater feature by a filmmaker who never surprises, inspires or shakes, is a bizarre, nostalgic, elaborate film about a naive American in Germany. after World War II. The American, named Leo, doesn't quite get what he's doing there. He came to participate in the restoration of the country because in his mind it is time that Germany showed good charity. No matter how it sounds, he's not a Nazi sympathizer or as much as pro-German, just mixed. His uncle, who works on the track, gets Leo a job as a helmsman on a sleeping place, and is increasingly being thrown into a 1945 vortex in Germany's horrors and riddles. <br /> <br /> This progression begins when Leo, rather memorably played by the quiet but restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets a sultry heir on the train played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with gentility on the surface but internal power. She seduces him and takes him home to meet her family, who owns the company that manufactures the trains. These were the exact trains that brought Jews to their deaths during the war, but now they run a daily timetable, and the woman's uncle Kessler is again one of the good Germans who just do their job. There is also Udo Kier, the tremendous actor who has taken me away in Von Trier's shocking second film epidemic, but here he is mere view. <br /> <br /> Another guest at home is Eddie Constantine, a silent power actress, playing a gloomy American intelligence man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, though all this is terrible to Leo. For decades, Americans have been characterized as gullible rubies from their element, but few are more blithely unconcerned than Leo, who returns to his work that gradually looks like his own personal death trajectory. <br /> <br /> The story is deliberately uncoordinated by the film's Danish director, Lars Von Trier, whose anchor is in the movie's stunning editing and cinematography. He shoots in black and white and color, using double exposure, optical effects and trick photography. As actors with footage respond to footage, he enters his characters into a richly damaging visceral world so that sometimes they feel like insects glass for our more precise recording. <br /> <br /> This Grand Jury award winning surrealistic work is allegorical, but perhaps in a clear tone for every viewer. I interpret this as a film about the last bones of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and the ethical accountability of Americans and others who appeared too late to save the martyrs of these trains and the camps where they divided their condemned loads . During the time of the movie and the Nazi state, and such significance for the train, is dead, but as chopped chicks, they remain constantly through their reflexes. <br /> <br /> The characters, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately hammy and almost satirically derived from film noir conventions. The most innovative points in the movie are the totally cinematic children. Two trains stop back and forth, Barr on one and Sukowa on the other. An underwater shot of proliferating blood. An unusual expression series on how it should be to drown. And most of the metaphysical effects of everyone, an anesthetic shot of train tracks, such as Max von Sydow's voice, allow us to retrieve with him to Europe and abandon our personal restraint.
