For some reason, this movie has never appeared in its original language in my neck of the forest (despite the possession of the TCM UK Cable channel broadcast weekly from MGM titles). More disappointing, this is still M.I.A. on DVD ?? even from Warners' recently announced "Western Classics Collection" Box Set (which also includes 3 other Robert Taylor genre attempts); Maybe they'll save it for an ultimate "Signature Collection" dedicated to this MGM stallart, which will come on time for the 40th anniversary of its passing next year ?? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film allows him a rare shameful role as a selfish Westerner with a fanatical hatred of Indians and who wants to use his expert markmanship by making some easy money hunting buffalo . An opening statement presents the disturbing statistics that the population of this species in the space of just 30 years has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000! As an associate, Taylor chooses on former trade professionals Stewart Granger ?? who, along with alcoholic, Peg-legged Lloyd Nolan (who is constantly irascible and revenging Taylor) and the teen half-race Russ Tamblyn disappoint for this purpose. As expected, is the relationship of the company a shaky one? Recall that in the middle of Anthony Mann's THE NAKED SPUR (1953), another sombre, open MGM Western. The film is actually very close to the taste and toughness of Mann's work in this field (despite being the first of just a handful of such outings, but exhibiting cumulatively a remarkable diversity); Here too, the narrative goes into a female presence (Debra Paget, also half a race), between the two rough empty? and Granger, like the James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, just returned to work. (His remorse to kill buffalo for mere sport and profit is realized effectively.) <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers from seeing Taylor take Paget for himself ?? She brave but keeps his approaches cold while he secretly wants Granger? and let his frustration on the locals get drunk at a bar! Taylor, herself, does not come out of the deal intact: as the main movie of the SIERRA MADRE (1948), he becomes widely and jealous of his co-workers, especially with regard to a rare one? And so precious? hiding from a white buffalo they caught; He even goes on one point buffalo paint (as Nolan predicted), and is deceived to take the thunder from the hands of an approaching mass of the species! The hunting screens themselves are impressive ?? Buffalo bumps, tumbles on the ground when hit, the endless arrangement of the day's catch and the carcasses that later infect the meadow. The atypical, but unforgettable, denial of the film is also fair: with winter in full swing, a close-paranoid Taylor lays out Granger's blood in a cave (where the latter and Paget escaped) to shoot him; When Granger comes up the next morning, does he discover Taylor in a boost? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> By the way, my father owns a copy of the great source of this (by Milton Lott) the original version of the movie: actually he has collected a large number of such expenses ?? After all, this is another exercise that is still fashionable? where a book is issued again to promote its biographical adaptation. Similarly for the record, Taylor and Granger ?? who works very well here? was already teamed up (as brothers and cheetahs!) In the nautical adventure ALL BROTHERS were TRUTH (1953) ?? which, oddly enough, is just as difficult to see (in fact, even more, as it didn't even show on Italian TV for what looks like ages) !!
