William Castle is notorious among horror fans as the B-degree director of the 1950s and 60s. His gimmicks, his cost cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. So it's no surprise that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who has made many documentaries) will eventually take the time to spend a documentary on his greatness. This is "Spine Tingler: The William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a common understanding of who Castle was, who saw some of his films over the years. I didn't know anything about her personal life, his goals and ambitions. This movie really flowed the man and gave me a greater appreciation for the dedication he had for the craft of film and his contributions to the horror genre. The film shows Castle as a competitor to Alfred Hitchcock. Hitch is the artist who deserves praise while Castle is the carnival marker who receives cult society, but less respect. He is an icon for all two-day directors out there. Therefore, it is not surprising that John Waters is envisaged here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have significant roles.) <br /> <br /> His mopeds were driving his fame, and the documentary is taking great pains to explain them. It is essential for those who are too young to remember. The rudimentary 3-D of the "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), the song in the seat for The Tingler (see separate review), money back guarantee for "Homicidal" ... look at these movies now outside the theater, We can judge them for their content (which I personally enjoy), but we cannot fully appreciate the audience that ever felt. <br /> <br /> The highlight of the movie is when Castle moves from cult director to Hollywood producer. After buying the rights to "Rosemary's Baby", he became a very special place for negotiating his film release. He hopes to correct. He is next to the manufacturer to give way to new director Roman Polanski. While disappointed, it turns out to be one of the best opportunities of its lifetime - a very successful movie, and a work that excels. Who better to control the wallet of wild artist Polanski than a penny-pinching castle? This would be his crown performance, but unfortunately the film is more often linked to Polanski than Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years are played out, and we get personal reflection from his daughter and cousin. Across the board, it seems that everyone has nothing but praise for the man. Somewhere along the way he probably touches one or two people, but you will never know about this movie. And I find that find - it's a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not 'E True Hollywood Story'. Fans of the genre will do well to retrieve a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I would personally recommend picking up the William Castle collection, which not only contains these but eight of Castle's movies. of special features. Even this documentary comes with a sound commentary, so you can hear how Schwarz was personally affected by Castle, and Castle's daughter Terry reflects on her ongoing experiences with the various films and remakes. It's almost a whole new movie.
