The quality of this movie is simply unmatched by any baseball title of his time. Pam Dixon leaves in the film industry to recruit blue-chip prospects and make this artwork a must-have. Oscar winner Brenda Fricker (In addition to: Lost in New York, a time to kill), Ben Johnson (The Last Picture Show, Red Dawn) and Adrien Brody (The Pianist, The Village) enhance the atmosphere of the movie, draw in an anxious hearing. However, the dramatic performances are offset by the exuberant radio broadcaster Jay O. Sanders (The Day After Tomorrow JFK). <br /> <br /> The story is centralized around a foster child, emerging actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Brick, The Lookout). Sidekick Milton Davis Jr. delivers a tear-proof performance as the longtime friend who never knew his parents. The two don't have much, but what they have: Angels baseball, and what they're looking for: identity. That's when 4-year-old Emmy nominee Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon, Predator 2) arrives to save the day as frustrated Angels Manager, George Knox. In proportion, all characters in the story seem to have the same mission: search within themselves to find out who they really are. <br /> <br /> Expressed by the fact that Roger (JGL) was divorced from his father, he wished God for reunification if the angels could take the pennant. Odds are astronomical, but 3-year-old Emmy winner Christopher Lloyd (Back to the Future, My Favorite Martian) comes in as the well-known overseer to work a little magic (pun). Before you know it, Al (Lloyd) sits with Roger in the stands, snacking on cracker jacks, and causing some of baseball's biggest bettors! Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells' (DK Oscar Nominee GW Oscar Winner) 1951 script is justice under the finger of mastermind William Dear (nominated in Directors Guild of America). He has a pleasant side story centered around pitcher Mel Clark, played by Tony Danza (4-year-old Golden Globe nominee, Emmy nominee), who is just trying to place his place in a confused Anaheim for all other members of the team find. Clark is a scrub, a big name in Cinci, but he has something to prove to Knox. <br /> <br /> Spoiling this nail bite will simply be the peer to commit adultery. the 18th century. This one is a rough diamond, and it will keep you on the edge of the chair until everyone comes to peace. Did I mention a cameo by Matthew McConaughey (A Time to Kill, We Are Marshall) for all your ladies out there?
