Richard Brooks' The Last Hunt was a movie star Stewart Granger couldn't even stand to hear? He even tore a vintage poster for the movie when he presented it for signing his later years ?? but then the director started running with his wife, so that is understandable. For anyone else it is one of the best of the adult Western of the 50's, and years before its time in its attitude towards the environment. <br /> <br /> In many ways, it almost plays like a sequel to one of Anthony Mann's westerners who see their heroes dragged to their salvation and shouting every step of the way. Here, Granger's legendary buffalo hunter has already seen the light, but after a buffalo squad bought him in poetic justice, he was withdrawn in the dark by Robert Taylor's reckless and proud racist armor. It justifies this because "I already had the guilty conscience, I might as well have the money." Raised by Indians, he is completely aware of the damage he does to the disappearing buffalo heads for extinction, and he is gradually becoming like consumed with self-rejection, as Taylor is with hatred. When the two men fall over Debra Paget's squaw? the only survivor of a group of Indians Taylor dead? and a white buffalo pit that is invaluable to the hunters and the Indians for many different reasons, a revelation becomes inevitable, though the outcome is not. <br /> <br /> Taylor's definitely goes ironic ?? It was Granger who turned off many of the epic roles that MGM developed for him in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, who returned Taylor's 50's after years of steady decline. His hair color may not be convincing, but his performance, a shallow and violent man who is so consumed that he does not wear a gun, the gun carries him. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he makes a good quiet hero in the Jimmy Stewart form and tries to hold on to his newfounded integrity and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before finally getting a chance to improve . Russ Tamblyn's half-width runner and Lloyd Nolan's one-legged old-timer also get as good as they get, but the right star is the writing: stiffly typed with an excellent eye and over for character ?? Not to mention a discontinued Stanley Kubrick loaned for The Shining ?? It balances historical revisionism with entertaining drama without ever selling short. The new French DVD is extra free, but boasts a 2.35: 1 transfer with an English soundtrack.
