Although I don't usually feel so sad, I picked up the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on the Saturday morning, just as it started. As an Adrien Brody fan, I was curious to see what Brody was like a 21-year-old (20 when he filmed it, I suppose) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, utility for the California Angels (in the 1951 Original, The Hard Lucky Baseball Team was the Pittsburgh Pirates, the name change being a fine touch as it changed the title into word game, and I decided to give the movie a chance and it was a painless, even lovely experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness and baseball excitement, also, my 7-year-old daughter loves the angel effects! :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's regular co-worker William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who is really benefiting after his bad brave Dermot Mulroney sarcastically says they will be a family again when the last place in California wins Angels the winners. Soon, Roger really starts angels in the Angels games, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual, eccentric irregularity removes the AitO irreparably in the Schmaltz zone. Cruel driver George Knox (Danny Glover in world-constricted mode) is a hard sell, but once the team wins, he believes Roger's angelic evidence. And soon Knox Roger and his cute song and co-foster child JP (the adorable Milton Davis Jr.) joined every Angels game for good luck. Knox even begins his own temperamental outbursts and ominous language, so much to despise the angels as for the children, and it leads to a funny bit when he begins to dress a referee in his usual way, but begins to save himself as he goes. Predictable stumbling blocks occur, such as the fearless sports shore, Ranch Wilder (Jay O Sanders), trying to cause Knox's problems because of the angel's angle. Sure, it all works well for our heroes in the end, but they love you so much, you don't care! :-) Brody has some good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem on a ball game) as well as a nice little where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before going to bat . Brody is not the only future star in the AitO series. His team-mates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course, young Gordon-Levitt worked in TV's 3rd ROCK FROM THE SUN, as well as movies like 10 DINGE. I hate you. The always amusing Taylor Negron and Oscar winners (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson give support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to handle a movie suitable for the kids and watch some notable young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do well.
