Immediately put on the brackets of Match Point (2005), a fine as a somewhat repetitive piece of "serious Woody", giving Scoop new hope to Allen's small but mortal group of followers (which I call myself) that the master has once again found shape. A string of disappointing efforts, culminating in the miserable Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the embarrassment of Anything Else (2003), have seriously doubted that another Woody comedy, with or without its own participation as an actor, in the cards was. Luckily, the cards look like a Tarot deck that serves as Scoop's clever Maguffin and Pros an optimistic lecture for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, Woody's self-deciding - unfortunately one of the weakest elements of his films in the past year - is here an inspired bit of self-pity and a humble acknowledgment that he no longer has romantic clues can play with women who are young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters. In Scoop, Allen gives him the role of Sid Waterman, an aging wizard, with cheap tricks and tired performers who, like Woody himself, brought his action to London, where audiences - if not more receptive - are at least more polite. Like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman Allen offers the opportunity to show the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has diminished and whose audience is no longer great or appreciative. Moreover, because they look in character, Allen's ticks and elongated stems are less distracting here than they have been in a while. <br /> <br /> Aquarius character also functions neatly in the plot. His fake magical body dissolve becomes the ironic-plausible place for Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious journalist muck raker and recent heart attack victim. Strombel, who was set up on a River Styx ferry-to-Hades, jumps regularly on ships, because he just can't rest in eternity, without one last "scoop" on the identity of the infamous "Tarot" killer "to communicate. Unfortunately, his initial return from death led him to Waterman's magic show and the only channel for his warm lead is a journalism undergraduate, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was called as a comical bat for the audience. the wizard's climax. Sondra enthusiastically embarks on the journalistic event and trains the reluctant Aquarius in the investigation to play the role of her millionaire savings. As demonstrated in Lost Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the fierce game between her and Allen is very amusing - and all the more so, never to become a love for romance. <br /> <br /> Scoop's serial killer plot, with great prostitutes and aristocratic chief suspect Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the predictable consequence of Allen's long sabbatical exposure to London's ubiquitous Jack the Ripper landmarks and lore. Still other facets of Scoop (such as Match Point) also come down to Woody's recent encounter with English culture. His class structure, ways, idiom, dress, architecture, and, indeed, peculiar management habits, give Woody fresh new material for furious perception of human behavior as well as sharp social satire. For example, when Sondra tries to honor herself with Peter Lyman at a row of private clubs, Waterman observes "from his point of view we are scum." A good amount of humor is also generated by the contrasts of solidly-reserved British social ways that Waterman's urgent Borscht band experiences Jewish plebeism. And then of course there is Waterman's hilarious exit in a Smart Car that he can't remember driving to the left of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop contains heavy doses of jokes, in the form of hints on film and literary sources, as well as increasing references to his own filmography. In addition to the piercing Jack the Ripper references, for example, the film's soundtrack was dominated by an arrangement by Grieg's "The Hall of the Mountain King", whispered by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. be. The post-burial meeting of journalists discussing the exploitation of new-born Joe Strombel clearly demonstrates the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to Deconstructing Harry (1997) includes the use of Death as a character (along with his peculiar voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as a character name, and the mention of Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and where Sondra is now a student). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the underworld river reminds Hades of the use of Greek gods and a choir in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> With regard to quotable gags, Allen's scripts make less one-liners than they did earlier in his career, but Scoop offers at least some unforgettable units. Asked about his religion, Waterman replied: "I was born in the Hebrew persuasion, but later I changed into narcissism." And Sondra understands this decrease of Waterman's wannabe crime: "If we put our heads together, you will hear a hollow noise." All in all, Scoop is by far Woody Allen's most satisfying comedy in a decade.
