Greetings again from the darkness. Remember all the "What happened to Woody Allen?" jokes? Even Mr. Allen was having fun with the fans who wanted him to continue making his same "funny" movies. As with any great artist, Mr. Allen's craft has evolved over the years and he lost some fans while he was packing others. Last year's masterpiece "Matchpoint" showed that he was still as relevant and gripping as he was in the days of Annie Hall and Manhattan. What is best for our 40 annual fans is that Mr. New York itself loved the motherland a bit. Apparently he really likes England! While filming 'Matchpoint', Mr. Allen surprised him with Scarlett Johansson and her true life spirit and sense of humor. This appeal motivated him to write his best comedy in years. Scarlett, while at risk of excessive exposure, should get credit for not just picking movies that shed her in a glamorous light. She is careless to look and act like a real person. In 'Scoop' she flashes a couple of real screen combinations and delivers the right punchline to many scenes in many scenes. Allen's straight man. Of course, when Mr Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he'll get more than his share of one linen and social commentary. It's good, because little does it better. <br /> <br /> Very good support from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr Jackman gives a glimpse into why many of us considered him the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new Bond. As with most of Allen's films, the star is the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett performs very well here and is a nice contrast to the polished Allen and Jackman, it is the dialogue. This is especially the villain between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big Woody actor, don't worry. He limits his screen time and he is reasonably efficient, except in two or three short scenes that are almost similar. Another Woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a nice cross between Annie Hall and the best of Marx Brothers movies or the Cary Grant comedies. Yes this is an adult comedy, but it's actually pretty cute ... especially for a serial killer and talk ghost comedy !!
