First of all, let me comment that the audience loved it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East have led people to accept the attitude, "I came for a comedy and through George I will enjoy it." But for whatever reason, everyone really looked into the comedy. The last few times, Woody has tried to do a straight comedy (Little Time Crooks, Jade Scorpio Curse, Hollywood Ending). I felt that the one-liners felt tense and a little outdated. First I remember one point, "It would have been funny in the early sixties." So, in this movie, I was scared Woody becoming scene deaf, but in this one his comic sensitivity was in perfect fit. Although there was a lot of my fellow AARP card people had in the show, there were also plenty of 20-somethings and 30-somethings, and they all seemed to get it and occasionally abdomen. Give, in addition to many guffaws, chuckles and the like. In many cases, the throw-aways laughed people so loudly, you missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Themy has stepped on the familiar land. As I suspected of the trailer, this movie had many Manhattan Murder Mystery in it, but then there was more than a smithy of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a small tribute to Broadway Danny Rose of the beginning. <br /> <br /> Even at Woody in the movie, Scarlett, as Sondra, was at times the Woody proxy, but her character was far from the Nebbish who says, Will Ferrell has us in Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh try in Celebrity. Instead of potato ticks and ailments, Sondra's nerdishness comes directly from the family history she shared earlier. On several occasions, the family business leads her to malapropism that we hear, while the characters on the screen can only see them as foreign non-successors. Because we're all in joke, we can't help but laugh. But the laugh does not come from the recognition of the Woody nebbish, but really of the character. Unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow in front of her, Scarlett is not required to use the Woody voice to evoke the Woody role. So, we don't find ourselves exhausted from the story, because a Woody's voice suddenly comes from someone else's face. <br /> <br /> As my friend put on the way out, Sid, the character Woody played, is a supporting role, but more center stage than I had hoped. But this time Woody wrote a character that really fits his current persona. In contrast to his Ed Dobel sage character in Anything Else, or his blind director in Hollywood Ending, this time the character is a comfortable fit. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. Within the raised circles they find themselves in, he is even more fish-out-of-water than Scarlett, which is continuously used to great comic effect. Sid is a declining wizard who plays to small audiences, but the fact that he is from another era is placed before and in the middle for our enjoyment. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both of them to the extent that they were used in the piece. I especially liked McShane's short but effective turn. Jackman is charming with the ease of "Old Money" portrayed so often in films from 50 years ago. (Class Rose of Rose Rose or Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So what did I think? Short answer, perhaps his best straight comedy since 1994's Bullets Over Broadway. Less styled than Mighty Aphrodite. Less persistent than Deconstructing Harry. Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody finally found a comic voice that worked in the 21st century.
