I was fortunate to get a free pass for a Scoop preview last night. Full house at the theater and when the movie ended there was spontaneous applause. I didn't speak to anyone who didn't like Scoop, although two teenagers sat next to me, sighing and whispering most of the movie. However, they were the exception, because everyone who included myself enjoyed themselves a lot. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is a quick murder mystery. A young female journalism student is unconsciously maneuvering beyond her control to try to get a series of murderers going. There are a lot of buzzers, as she works with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a fresh and beautiful young nobleman. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is not a bad addition to the Woody Allen filmography. It's not his best job, but it's a very pleasant and lightweight skirt. I'd say it fits reasonably comfortably in an average Woody Allen movie right in the middle of the pack. If you're a Woody Allen fan, you'll probably enjoy yourself. If you are indifferent to his work, "Scoop" may be enough to interest you. I don't think anyone who likes his movie and acting style will change their minds. Woody is playing the same kind of neurotic character that has become so used to us, though it is dangerously close and bordered by this film. While potential worsening for some who want them, he wants to get up quickly and just spit on the words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Very good performances everywhere in my opinion, although I found myself missing Ian McShane which is excellent and not nearly enough on the camera. Hugh Jackman is wonderful as the charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work with Scarlett Johansson. I think with Match Point it's their second pair and she's just magic with the material Woody gives her. Could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad I saw the movie and definitely recommended it. More sophisticated comedy than movies like 'Scary Movie 4', so if your brand of comedy is the latter rather than the former, 'Scoop' is probably not for you. On the other hand, if you want a touch of class, sophistication and fun, 'Scoop' is for you. Probably not the Woody Allen movie I will be submitting to a newcomer, but everyone else should try it.
