"Scoop" is also the name of a late thirties Evelyn Waugh novel, and Woody Allen's new movie, though instituted today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. It does not have the depth of characterization, intense performances, suspension or shocking final frisson of Allen's penultimate "Match Point" attempt (it is argued by many, including this reviewer, to form a strong return), but " Scoop "looks a lot like Allen's last outing in his focus on English aristocrats, fine London apartments, murder and detection. This time, Woody leaves behind the upcoming murder mystery genre and comes back to the comedy and is again on the screen as a friendly vaudevillian, a sorcerer named Sid Waterman, the stage moniker The Great Splendini, who is testing a few snobs . To be of the Hebrew belief, but when I got older, I turned to narcissism. "Following a revelation in the middle of Splendini's standard dematerializing act, with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky) the audience volunteer, the mismatching pair is hit in a dead bait. Latest Stryx News Release On the outskirts of Styx Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) recently met the shadow of one Lord Lyman's secretary, who says she was poisoned, telling him that the charming aristocratic bounder boy Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was the Tarot Card killer, a serial killer in London, and Sondra and Sid immediately become a few amateur sleuths, with Sid's deadpan white and Sondra's captivating beauty cutting through a quick swing to the cream of London's aristocracy. <br /> <br /> Woody does not break his young heroine mouse - as in "Match Point", Johansson again - as in the past, this time Scarlett is also not an ambitious sex pot and a movie star She was astonished nd morphed into a klutzy, realization, but rather nicely loved. Sid and Sondra have no flirtation, which is a great relief. They only acted more or less politely to execute Strombel's wishes by befriending Lyman and looking for clues to his debt. With only minimal protests, Sid agreed to appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who enchanted Peter by pretending to drown in his club pool, repeated herself Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, that is to say, Woody, keeps the cover from breaking through card sticks, but he wastes dowagers with this and saves his men on poker, spits non-stop one-liners and, over time, seems to be successful in oil. and precious metals, just like "Jade" told him to say. <br /> <br /> It's about everything there is or everything that can be said without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome. At the first Allen's decision to make Johansson a gauche, naive plains and poorly dressed college girl not only look unknowingly, but a bad decision. But Johansson, who picks and panache as an actress, manages to carry it off, helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make an actress look, if he wants her. The film actually creates a sense of relationships, making it a limited variety of characters: Sid and Sondra save in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a credible appeal, though artificial and contaminated (she goes yet in bed with a suspected murderous mania). <br /> <br /> What is a bit, is that Allen again falls over English wealth and class, which shows his Brooklyn background despite all his celebrity, with an irresistible hankering for. Jackman is an impressive fellow, glamorous and pounding. His parents were English. But can this athletic musical comedy star in Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine) really pass by as an aristocrat? Only in the movies, maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> It's not as strong a movie as Match Point, but to say it's a loser that some viewers have. Totally wrong. It has no more depth than a half-hour radio show or a TV show, but Woody's jokes are much more cute and more original than you would get in such a media relationship, and sometimes they show a return to the old white and smart. It doesn't matter if a movie is stupid or slapdash if it distracts the summer entertainment. On a hot day you don't want a heavy meal. The whole thing is a great time when movie competitions were really a light-hearted entertainment, with no rough jokes or bombastic effects. without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you this is a return to the Allen decline that preceded "Match Point." Don't believe them. He didn't try too hard. Why should he? He can be 70, but verbally he is still on his feet. And his body also moves pretty fast.
