I didn't watch this show so many times when I was a kid, but the first episode I remember ever seeing is the episode where Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie's ears. when I started high school in 2000. I had problems through high school and I would rather not succeed. but I always watched the clock watch, but that show really showed me the problems I saw at school and it rarely showed the children's parents. Saved by the bell is okay, but not a good family program. a few days after graduating from high school in 2004. I turned the TV to the family channel and day after day I became addicted to the house. I can even press the info button and see the year it came out and I will remember what I did during that time. the episode was about to go on and it was titled "birthday blues" and to this day it is the favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way she doesn't in other episodes, she actually shows her serious side. I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 on DVD and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I somehow wanted a documentary and some cast members commentaries. I'm not doing why some people have a hatred for this show because you don't see trash and violence on this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you grew up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but full house is, in my opinion, a family living in heaven where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so fantastic. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is well grounded and is always in a good mood. when I was a kid, I was like Jesse, and he is the first actor on TV as a guy obsessed with hair. somehow you can say that DJ is a California girl. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because she always makes me smile and brightens when I see her. and Stephanie is so cool. I also have a difficult time telling the Olsen twins apart. I want my kids to see it one day. but full house is my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina the teenage witch is my # 2 favorite. One day, before I die, I would really like to meet the guesthouse in person. The first 3 seasons are a bit boring, but they get better in the 4th season. I just wished they could have made a 9th season. they stopped making full house in 1995 and in the fall of 1996 Sabrina came out of the teenage witch (which is a similar family program), but the whole house is a very loving show and they have their good times and bad times, and yes, I understand, if you are a wild, trashy type of person, you will hate this show, but it is a show for happiness and it is also a moral show. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good children's shows, but at the 4th and 5th seasons DJ and Stephanie are teens. I also noticed, not only with full house, but many shows, they never talk about the problems in the world and politics, such as when the whole house was on the air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the bombing of Oklahoma City In 1995 they didn't mention anything. Steve was also my favorite DJ's boyfriend, one with Viper and Nelson was not very interesting. but season 5 and 6 I think is the best. I just wished they would have made a 9th season because it left a big question mark in my head because on the last episode in the last minute dj gets a surprise and goes to her prom with her ex boyfriend Steve, I always wondered if they came together again. and i liked how DJ in the last few seasons was always the responder and stephanie always wanted to do something like the episode "stephanie's wild ride"
