Thanks Jymn Magon for creating Disney's 2 best cartoons ever. This performance has greatly improved over the years. As a child I didn't like it, because I thought it was a rip-off of Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like Grandmoffromero). But later it was good, but not good. But after reading the reviews, I decided to give it another chance and bought the DVD set and watched the whole pilot the first day, and was very pleasantly surprised. It's still my favorite episode, though the series did. And at the end of the slide 1 I knew it was going to be a top tooth. <br /> <br /> The characters are so complex and beautiful. My favorite must be Wildcat. He is absolutely hilarious and lovely to start. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot on the show. I can see why 'Uncle Jymn built the show around him. Then it's Kit Cloudkicker. He and Baloo have the best relationship in the series. Then, Louie. Jim Cummings did a perfect job of personalizing the original voice. After him, Rebekah. She made me laugh, and I believe she and Baloo finally get married. And finally (for the heroes), Molly. Although she is my least favorite, I still love her. I think she is a very cute character (much better than Webby from Ducktales). And the villains were very original. Don Karnage and his airmen always break me, Kahn is freezing and relentless, and the Thembrians are always amusing. <br /> <br /> As mentioned earlier, the stories of hilarious (Time Waits For No Beer, Romance of Red Chimpanzee) are nothing short of (The Old Man & the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), fun, funny and exciting adventures (Looking for old blunders and my favorite for whom the Bell Klangs). These are just a few of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is Disney's best, apart from Gummi Bears. Some reasons for this? GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS didn't have enough of Wildcat. But in the end, Talespin remains a classic. BOTTOM LINE- 10/10 6th best cartoon ever.
