Looking at this show for the first time can start wondering if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Entertaining dialogue? Plots that have some depth, even creating atmosphere of tension and drama at times? I mean, this is a syndicated children's show right? It's the same place where kids brought kids like 'Pokemon', 'Pepper Ann', 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' and 'VR Troopers'. (Please note that three of the mentioned books are Japanese exports, thanks to the Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Don't worry, you only take some of the quality prizes available to children during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period will be "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (a cartoon not confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these leading examples, Disney has also returned to syndicated programs for children, and comes up with a series of "The Disney Afternoon". Apart from a darkened show called "The Gummi Bears", early performances such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip N Dale's Rescue Rangers" have given faith to the Disney animation teams who have also turned theater classics. such as "The Little Mermaid", "Beauty and the Beast", "The Rescuers Down Under" and "The Great Mouse Detective". But above all, this wonderful "TaleSpin" shines. The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was a two-hour thrill ride, and won an Emmy. Much of my joy was the rest of the episodes on the promise of the premiere. Parallel to the plots and dialogue, I think, the greatest attraction is the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still illegible; Kit Cloudkicker, full of pre-anti anxiety and optimism; Louie, with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, cute and funny, but with the depth of most children's characters, and of course in the middle, there is Baloo, which I will describe as a slobby version of James Bond. That's because Baloo saves the day with the help of its slimmer than most fastest All-Sea Sea Duck (read: James Bond's Aston Martin). Of course, every big show should have big villains, and TaleSpin doesn't disappoint either. From the megalomania of businist Shere Kahn, to the vain and always failed pirate Don Karnage, to the hilarious and indifferent Soviet satirized Thembrians. The animation is good, the music is appropriate, and the episodes are (for me) the best child programming ever had. Great fun for the whole family!
