This movie makes a statement about Joseph Smith, for which he stood and who believes the LDS church. With all the current media coverage of some refugee people, the LDS church was confused with the FLDS church and criminal fled Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with the LDS Church, but media groups have been calling internationally for comment on Jeffs of the LDS Church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the movie at all, but I think it is ironic that this movie, with all its points about Joseph, also shows on the couple of the FLDS church and their leader at this time in the media world. It's a movie about Joseph Smith and a good one. Some of the most striking differences between Jeffs and Joseph are depicted in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. Jeff's views and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and this is seen in this movie. Jeffs thinks of the "Negro" as demons. Joseph Smith knew they were children of God and gave his wife's favorite horse to an African American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph sees homework for his wife, Emma, ​​and is criticized by a member until Joseph told him that a man could lose his wife in the next life if she chose not to stay with her husband and that it " a way is to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamous women to her knees in front of a class full of students by grabbing her braids and turning it painfully until she came to her knees. Finally, Joseph participated in law enforcement and sought help from the government at all times. Jeffs thumbs his nose at the government and flies at all times. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you don't know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church believes, then it is the movie to watch. And if you confused the LDS church with the FLDS church, you really need to get your act together. We are not much different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the holiness of marriage and the family, as well as a patriotic to our homeland and country. We are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyteria, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What matters is our message and what we stand for. This movie tries to portray it, but there is so much of Joseph's life that cannot be covered in just 2 hours of film. It was a very good performance.
