These difficult, often violent, westerners in the Peckinpah / Leone tradition are surprisingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose former westerners (especially those who played John Wayne) were predominantly in the John Ford mode. It's both surprisingly traditional (good guys / bad guys) and incredibly up-to-date. <br /> <br /> Heston depicts a former Arizona police station captain who was retired for a year after turning over the law enforcement to a Michael Parks and his ways to comply with the law in the first years of the 20th century by taking over cars, telegraphs, telephones and the railway. But soon he is confronted with a threat from his past - half a racial ban (Coburn) which he has discarded more than a decade more than ten years for a train robbery who killed four guards. In a subsequent shooting, Coburn's wife was killed; and so Coburn is out for a most terrible kind of revenge. It involves the kidnapping and eventually the rape of Heston's daughter (Hershey) by him and his gang. The result is a fierce and violent pursuit of the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> THE LAST HARD PEOPLE, based on Brian Garfield's "Gun Down" novel, is violent in many places, including the renovation between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scene in which Hershey is involved and two Coburn members Its gang (Quade, Paull) is probably as doubtful as similar scenes in STRAW DOG and LIFE. But it does not disturb too much of the film's psychological approach to the Western genre. McLaglen is able to handle the bloody story with significant panache, and Heston's performance as an obsolete lawyer was probably the best one he ever gave in any of his 1970s films. Coburn provides for a particularly cold-blooded heavy, and both Parks and Chris Mitchum (like Hershey's intended man) are also doing good. The music here is cut from Jerry Goldsmith's scores to 100 RIFLES and the 1966 repetition of STAGECOACH, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> Sensibly filmed completely on location in Southeast Arizona and using the Old Tucson set, THE LAST HARD MEN should be released by Fox on VHS and / or DVD soon. It is a western one that deserves nothing less.
