Somewhere near the bottom of the film leader you can find businesses such as UFO, Troma and among their Seduction cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct video production company specializing in lesbian, non-hardcore erotic movies. It has developed a very dedicated fan base that buys every new title while being released. Unfortunately, the company is now associated with regular star Misty Mundae. I am unhappy that the recent mainstream interest and her appearance on the show caused Masters of Horrors to raise her images a little higher than the zero budget S.C efforts that force the company to find a new identity. But in their glory days, they released this film into a very appreciative world. <br /> <br /> At the request of an absent father, the beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a residence. At school, she meets her absurdly warm roommate, played by Ruby Larocca, who immediately has her designs, but the chief (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In the typical S C style, the movie stops every ten minutes for an extended sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this one has a bit of interesting story and some good performances. Mrs. Larocca seems to have a good time as the sexual predator Misty sees as a nice meal and Darian Caine makes a welcome (but short) appearance as Satan. This is the kind of movie that Jess Franco would exchange in the 1970s (although this one doesn't have the hardcore sex that Franco was always willing to go for foreign sales) and the fans of that man's job would be wise to this. one to give a step. <br /> <br /> For me, as a long-term zero-budget movie festival (and Troma worshiper), I came across the Seduction movie films by their parody films (Playmate of the apes, Who wants an erotic billionaire), but I actually prefer their more original works. You either see past the low budget and sometimes poorly acting or you like these things and hate all these movies. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these non-budget movies is a real sense of fun. These low budget companies can create their own unique style that makes the viewer something different than the mere, by the numbers, studio efforts that the multiplex loads. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen a Seduction movie, or this or Sin Sisters (with both Mundae sisters) are great choices to start with. This one is a fun, fast-paced movie (although the regular outside of the school gets a bit old) and the DVD is full of extras, including a bunch of previews of other company offers, a great background and featurette. deleted scenes including an alternative opening. I recommend that you hand over the bonus feature of the disc, the first film by the director, as it is very poor and not really worth watching.
