I was lucky to see it without any hype. I was amazed at the resilience of the ghost's image in my mind the next day and the day after. I watched it 3-4 times, and every time I appreciate it even more. The settings are beautiful, the town in the twilight has beautiful lighting effects, the marsh-long shots, and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss. The main hero is so nice and kind, that he is easily experienced with sympathy. For the person complaining that there was not enough spark in this movie, I would say this is because the whole fight against the ghost is carried by only one person. It's a fairly slow pace, with an unusual amount of time spent, before and after ghost attack, on the development of its character with family and work life. SPOILERS DISCUSSION / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point when he returned to the capital and met with the guy who helped him and explained how he saw the ghost. He described the woman in black and then he said at the end of the conversation that he was going back, because what did she do for him? The other man says, "You can't go back! Only!" and give the hero his dog. The cute puppy offers a little relief from comic relief, with a border through the house and even in the closed room. <br /> <br /> The many coincidence of the ghost really upset me. The woman appears in the middle of the church in the church and shows that it is not afraid of the church, nor is it ashamed or bound to the house. It's all in the beginning. Another amazing memorable scene was with the kids outside the church fence and watching the funeral. As the camera is on the right, the woman is seen in the background between the tombstones. The older man won't even look at it, but the kids scream and take it out. Crreeepy ... Habits are usually hidden in shade, specific places or people are pursued. As mentioned before, the ghost's malice and anger are frightening, and I feel it's attacks and the end was perfect and fully justified. The end emphasized that the hero made a big mistake by returning to the house. Or maybe he's marked, no matter what, by saving the gypsy girl. The man who plays the hotel manager is so credible and fills the role well. I have spoken to my friends about how much I enjoyed this movie, and it's reassuring to see others feel the same. I can see people not seeing the same masterpiece, especially if they used it with a lot of review hype. <br /> <br /> I think another person summed it up when they said that this movie is The Question of Ghosts Man Can Physically Impair. Whew. I plan to watch it tonight again, followed by The Changeling, aaww yes. Any other movies to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thanks,
