New York, 1953. One hot night, four well-known iconic figures will come together. The professor (Albert Einstein) came to NY to give a speech, what he did, Senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on his back. Later that night he got a surprise visitor; a well-known actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss the theory of relativity. Soon her ball-playing man (Joe DiMaggio) arrives at the hotel room and begs to work things out for their crumbling relationship. Flashbacks of childhood, important events, perceived effects of their actions, creep in to show how these individuals deal with despair and hidden fear, waiting to break out. <br /> <br /> Now it's one of those kinds! Adapted from a play by Terry Johnson (who also wants to write the screenplay for the film), "Insignificance" is a strange, peculiar, seductive and straightforward, curious, fiction pop culture gimmick in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and cerebral experimental effort can be rooted in its play origin because it feels theatrical and most of the action takes place in a hotel backdrop and one main suite. The cramped look only improved the moody and smoky atmosphere of New York. However, these constraints cannot contain the fertile and brave ideas that Roeg controls to randomly and visually upset the meaningful material. The way in which he reflects on the characters (who are evocative figures, without being called them), stimulates spiritually spiritual and philosophical journeys and interpretations of their concepts, with the memories shining in the present and the faces, showing their fears. Realizations, which, depending on what you see, are either beautifully or hauntingly implemented. There is plenty of food for thoughts and tips in the widespread (as sometimes awkward) script with the main focus on the current situation, but the flashbacks give us the personal compilation (sex, power, enlightenment and glory) of what makes them who they are And how much of a burden it can be in there are already claiming lives. Certainly, the story cannot lead to the end, and it can feel irreconcilable, but the dreamy vibe and intelligent arrangement iron out the folds and make sure it never becomes disgusting. Peter Hannan's sensual-liquid photography and Stanley Myers' titillatingly oozing blues soundtrack fit in with Roeg's stylistic subdue and established style of directing. He seems to be working with something big and large, but otherwise it is not and a small universe is created. The vintage costumes and places of the era all come down. What the movie made for me had to be the impressive play that the four main voiced. Theresa Russell's beautiful, lethal, fun attraction of sexy nail actress is a growing depiction that definitely held the movie with a truly outstanding and engaging performance by Michael Emil as a professor. Tony Curtis plays it great as a hooker-hunting senator and Gary Busey is on the stoic gravel road like the ballplayer. A playful, supportive role is played by Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A memorably striking, fresh and tour de force meditation piece of metaphysics connected by four different extremes. Some people find it pretentious and over-talking, but this one wrapped me in its own small, unique world to worry too much about its shortcomings.
