MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is an amazing 1945 B thriller by Joseph H. Lewis, probably one of the very best directors of Hollywood noir films. This 65-minute Gothic peculiarity of Columbia Pictures came after Lewis's long apprenticeship as the helmet of a series of poverty-riders, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including the incredibly bizarre Bela Lugosi jerking the unlucky GHOST) and standard -Studio B product (Secrets of a co-ed, burma bombs, the falcon in san francisco, etc.) --- all the stage rather beautiful for what would come from the tremendously talented and inventive Mr Lewis. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (as well as SO DARK THE NIGHT of the following year) launched a director who mastered the scarce and delicate art that quickly and effectively tells the modest budgets a dark and exploratory story. Later Lewis productions like GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the extensive scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely on smart, clear camera work and effective low-key lighting. And very modest sources. <br /> <br /> MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS, is probably more to blame for the tradition of British secrets (it is in a studio-bound England) than it does with conventional film noir attitudes and bumps. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival, she awakens from a deep sleep in a totally strange home and mysteriously, with a brand new identity — that of the old woman's daughter-in-law. She said she was the victim of a nervous breakdown. She struggles to grasp the extreme and seemingly hopeless nature of her trouble. But before long, she began to join the strange and disturbing truth behind this dark mystery, that her "husband" (the ever-threatening George Macready) had probably murdered his real wife and that she was alleged to be part of a sadness and sinister form. Much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest story is the indelible thing that Lewis brings to the production, marking it as the first of its truly serious efforts as a film director.
