I've always been a great fan of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is a movie version of the play by Roegs and while most of the movies take place in a hotel room, it still has some movies from Roegs. A very unique story is about a well-known actress (Theresa Russell) who, after a hard night in 1954, went to work on a film to a well-known professor (Michael Emil) and talked to his hotel room. After a while she wanted to go to sleep with him, but as she started to relax, her husband hit the door. Her husband is a well-known ex-baseball player (Gary Busey) and he wants to know what's going on. The three of them in the hotel room are talking about what's going on and what the future holds for them. Meanwhile, a famous senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to take the professors' papers off if he does not testify during a trial. Theresa Russell is just excellent and while she is not exactly trying to personalize Marilyn Monroe, she does a wonderful job of expelling the phobias and nuances Monroe is very famous for. One thing the movie does, not only shows her a woman on the brink of mental breakdown, but also shows her as a physical wreck. She speaks of the fact that she cannot have children and at one stage in the film she has a miscarriage. You can make an excellent case that is Russell's best performance and I probably won't argue. The movie does an interesting thing to show a lot of flashbacks as the characters are still talking about one thing and in the retrospect we see one of the reasons for their action. Busey also gives good good performance and it reminds me of what a strong persona he gives on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character who has many more things on his mind than we originally thought. The last scene in this movie is a demonstration of his darker side! One of the highlights of the movie for me is the small conversation he has with the lifter (Will Sampson of "Cuckoo's Nest") and discuss what Cherokee Indians think at all times. But of course, the well-known scene in this movie is where Russell Emil shows how she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The professor is delighted with her demonstration and so are we! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and they do admirable work when in collaboration and this is probably their best movie together. Good performances and a very interesting task of directing make it a challenging and visually mind-provoking movie.
