If you're a fan of the Gothic horror, you're definitely absolutely guaranteed to love this wonderful Italian 60's movie "Castle of Blood". We are really talking about creepily creaking doors, ominous portraits apparently moving, spontaneously dying candles, although there is no wind and smoke coming out under heavy wooden doors. Speaking in the atmosphere and style, this masterful piece of Gothic film making is one of the best out there; just one small league among landmarks such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of the Crying Woman". The prominent directors duo Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (one that really causes nightmare). ultra-sinister landscapes and filming venues, stylish black and white photography, backbone chilling music and a brilliant gathering of talented artists. Barbara Steele, stars of the former "Black Sunday" and Italian Goth Muse number one, shine brightly as a spiritually plagued character and she is literally surrounded by excellent fellow players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives away a reasonable belief from author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another affluent visitor from a rural tavern challenging a cruel young journalist to accept a bad bet. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? would survive spending one night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, receiving the astonishing $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say the ordeal is much more dangerous than it sounds, even to someone like Alan Foster, who is a solid non-believer in ghost and vampires. The night started off well for him, as he even met the beautifully beautiful woman of his dreams, but gradually he learned that Blackwood Castle was a hellish place where the spirits of previously deceased visitors were trapped forever. I don't know about you, but it's seriously one of my favorite horror movie sites of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was also proud of this film because he made it himself "Web of the Spider" a few years later. That movie had a handful of troops, such as the cast of Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this original is much better. "Castle of Blood" literally tastes with atmosphere and maintains a thoroughly disturbing atmosphere throughout. It's really one of the rare movies that can raise the hair on your arms and back with fear if you watch it in the right conditions. Watch it late at night, preferably alone and in a candle light, and you will get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
