Italy produced a lot of fantastic and original horror movies in the 1960s - and this is definitely one of them! The first thing you'll see about Dance Macabre is the style of the movie. Shot in beautiful black and white, and due to director Antonio Margheriti's use of lighting; the movie looks almost like a German expressionist horror movie. This, along with the horror-filled plot line, ensures that Dance Macabre is a movie that really captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not matter - and the good news continues, as in the film she bends her acting muscles more than she did in the films that made her known. The plot is very aware of the time it was released, and includes the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts Poe himself and Lord Blackwood's commitment that he cannot spend an entire night in the latter's flu old castle. Everyone who stayed the night before died ... and our hero is about to meet the previous bets! <br /> <br /> Today, horror movies don't tend to focus so much on every shot and the result is that there's not much beauty left in the genre. It is refreshing to watch this movie. A lot of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple, just a transparent dress, to my personal favorite, wears a shot of smoke coming in from underneath a door. This is my first Antonio Margheriti movie, and even after I only saw this one; Obviously he was one of Italy's leading directors. Also interesting is the fact that the screenplay was written by others of the Italian big ones; Django creator Sergio Corbucci. The plot can sometimes deviate, but there is always plenty of atmosphere on hand to make sure the film is never boring - and the fact that it is always intriguing, even when the plot slows down, ensures the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the "haunted house" theme is good and original, and helps keep the story as ominous as possible. Generally, fans of Italian and / or cult will not miss this gem!
