I originally saw this movie as a boy at the old Rialto theater as part of a three-day carpet three bill, also called Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bava's Nightmare Castle. A week later I had nightmares about blood-like ghosts. Although I didn't know, all three movies would be classics of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three films made me frightened, it was the Castle of Blood that had the greatest impact. <br /> <br /> This was the first on the account. I didn't even see it from the beginning because we were late for the theater and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. It's a lot to miss, as the elaborate pressure ran just about 79 minutes (the unsaved runs are 87 minutes). Nevertheless, the dark, awful atmosphere (complete with ruined castles, foolish cemeteries, shadows and cobwebs), Gothic set design, strong acting and tension (especially the last 20 minutes) frightened me and made a lasting impression. taken to finally get a copy of the movie for my collection. As it was a French-Italian import, it was not a movie that appeared on the late show in Winnipeg. I couldn't remember the title properly (remember I didn't see the beginning of the movie and was scarcely white) and to make matters worse, the film was released under literally a dozen different movie titles (also known as Danze Macabre, Kis of Terror, Terror Castle, Long Night of Terror, etc.) And the US / UK working title "Castle of Blood" was very generic, similar to dozens of other "b" horror and suspense films. imaginary. But thanks to the internet and perseverance I finally found it! What a desire to finally watch the movie as a whole after so many years! It may not only have had the emotional impact it did when I was a boy, but as a haunted movie, it looks good and compares to similar iconic films of the era such as "The Haunting," " The Innocents "or" Black Sunday, "The film is a fine early attempt by Italian director Antonio Margheriti. It's star 60's screaming queen icon Barbara Steele and features a well-written screenplay by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who spends a night in haunted house and becomes unsuspectingly part of an annual persistent ghostly story . The hypnotic Steele is well-cast as the haunting love interest - such as Arturo Dominici as Dr Carmus, and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. <br /> <br /> Many of the tricks Margheriti use to tie the movie's ominous atmosphere (cobwebs, creaking doors, dung, etc.) to a modern audience, but they work much more effectively in black and white as ever they could in modern color. Instead of using body figures and special effects, the film creates the old fashionable way, with confidence in a good story, stylish direction, fine set production, interesting camera work and strong acting. Margheriti does a wonderful job of taking these elements and building the film's tension, as the terrible paranormal secret of the house is gradually being exposed to the illegal writer. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without errors. The pace at the beginning of the movie (ironically enough, the 20 minutes I missed). It is likely to be exacerbated by Synapse films' attempt to restore the film to its original length. Although fans will probably see the chance to see the movie recover - in terms of the intro - it may be more than an obstacle as a tool. The English voice dubs are just wise, and in the restored scenes the language shifts from English to French (English subtitles provided) that will be annoying to some viewers. <br /> <br /> But Synapse Movies earn kudos for the quality of the print. It was clear that an attempt was made to repair it. I really enjoyed the movie and recommended it to lovers of 60 Italian Goth movies, or someone who enjoys a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
