Antonio Margheriti's "Danza Macabra" aka. "Castle of Blood" of 1964 is a beautiful and incredible hasty masterpiece of the Italian Gothic Horror, and after Mario Bava's "La Maschera Del Demonio" (also known as "Black Sunday") of 1960 and Roger Corman's "Pit And The 1961 Pendulum (with the great Vincent Price), earned the wonderful Barbara Steele her more than deserved fame as the main female Horror icon in the history of movies. But not only is the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele one of my favorite actresses of all time, the script to "Danza Macabra" is written by none other than the movie-like genius Sergio Corbucci, who led such ingenious Spaghetti Western milestones as "Django "(1966) and" The Great Silence "(1968). Italy's number 2 in the field (right to Mario Bava), director Antonio Margheriti is one of the all-time masters of the Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Nowhere else does a movie work so brilliantly in creating an amazing ghostly but beautiful atmosphere as it is with the creepy masterpiece. <br /> <br /> If he meets the well-known author of brilliant macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a gloomy London tavern, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) takes a bet from a nobleman, what he can not spend night in his ghost castle at night of the night of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, however, he meets an enchanting resident of the castle, the beautifully beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events so far, however, were merely the prejudice of the horrors the castle carries, but ... <br /> <br /> The ominous castle setting alone would suffice to create a bleak mood, the excellent black and white cinematography and a good score by Riz Ortolani create an incredible ghostly atmosphere that is unfair. The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I simply can't find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to unite brilliant beauty with the rude as it happens to Steele and no actress will ever want to. Besides Steele, the movie contains another beautiful beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and she also delivers a good performance. George Riviere's performance as Alan Foster is wonderful, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is outstanding in several divisions: Barbara Steele delivers one of her best performances, cinematography and venues are gorgeous spooky past comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly horrible ... The movie is simply a perfect whole atmosphere, Gothic beauty . and the art of terror. In short, "Castle of Blood" is one of the most atmospheric and greatest Gothic Horror films ever made, and should not be missed by anyone interested in the genre! 10/10
