Today, actresses become happy weight, color their hair, clothes like slobs, and lose their luster for a role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a beautiful young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and makeup from Bennett makeup in films, Davis was prepared to destroy herself in order to create a character on the outside as well as on the inside. <br /> <br /> Her determination is officially demonstrated here in her outbreak movie, "Of Human Bondage," in which she died with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a messy, manipulative, greedy low life to Howard's masochistic, Philip bunch. He only meets her when she is a waitress, and she allows him to take dinner and theater while frustrating with a rich elder (Alan Hale Sr.). In truth, Mildred is repelled by Philip's club foot. From his side, Philip seems to be flirting with the abuse of her and enjoying her coolness towards him. He leaves Mildred financially among the boyfriends who drop her when they touch her, while blowing out some really lovely women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he gets the khaki to throw her out, Mildred wastes his apartment and robs him and forces him to pull off the medical school and lose his cottages. <br /> <br /> "Of Human Bondage" looks rather like parts today. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful actor and attractive, his acting style is a more formal old school, and as a result, he tends to date whatever he is. He shines in material such as his role towards Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The Petrified Forest" that calls for his kind of technique. His dated play is even more obvious because Davis forged new ground with a greasy, edgy show that would really make her name. If she sometimes looks over the top, she comes off the stage, and the subtleties of movie show will come up later. Contrast this performance with the restraint, warmth and gentleness of her Henriette in "All This, and Heaven Too" or the pathos she brought to Dark Victory. She was a true actress and a true artist. Davis really looks like the holy hell; Mildred's decline is absolutely pathetic, as Philip looks as though his spirit fades. <br /> <br /> An excellent movie in which the emerging of one of the greatest stars of the film can be seen.
