This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's novel placed Bette Davis on the map as a movie actress. She may have won an Academy Award for her performance, but the films were released, so her studio didn't print for her. Her actions in this one do not come well through today's standards. Like the heartless waitress surrounding Philip, a sensitive medical student, and almost destroying his life, Davis is too shrewd, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who has usually raised good performances by his actresses, might have been overwhelmed by this one. Davis is awake but so insane and predatory that it hardly looks like one. I think Millie's character is stiffer, less feminine than Davis, with a touch of the tomboy. Davis is such a strong, immediate presence. There is no secrecy for her, which makes Philip's appeal to her more openly masochistic than it should be. <br /> <br /> As Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. His delusion, slightly wilted, good appearance is perfect for this failed aesthetic. He also does not make a personal interpretation from the side, as Dirk Bogarde might have done, which gives his work rarity. He seems to be totally in control here, as he must be, playing a man with a rational intellect who is in the grip of irrational emotions that he cannot achieve or even fully satisfy, since the object of his feelings is in ways move what he cannot understand. Howard was a good actor, too often throwing romantic parts, forcing him to fall back on charm, which he didn't use here. <br /> <br /> It was so long ago that I read the book I Don't feel comfortable commenting on the film's faithfulness to it. I think that holds the spirit of the story well enough, and it has a perfect Philip Carey in Howard. The sexual undercurrents are muted, and sometimes Philip acts so masochistically that in the absence of strong sex feelings one wonders about the character's common sense, certainly not Mr. Maugham's intention. Thanks to Howard's achievement, Philip remains firmly in focus, as in his various responses and expectations to Millie the extremes that a reasonable intellect will understand the irrational, in himself and in others. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very good movie, a little stilted at times, due to its age, it attracts London nicely, and is well behaved for the most part.
