When reading sites at Bette Davis, there can be found where writers claim that there is nothing special about her acting. I even found a site claiming that Bette Davis's success was probably due to her happiness. But Ms Davis films of 1934 tell the opposite. The most obvious example is two movies that she just split apart a few weeks: Fail over Frisco and On Human Bondage. Characters she has played in these movies, although both are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the former is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous heir and much more similar in character to Mildred in the latter, who is a pale, uneducated and rude Cockney waitress. Needless to say, Ms Davis played both characters very authentic and with the same enthusiasm. But even that is not all. The point is that the previous role, which would be required by most actresses of the day, was the one she was forced to play. The latter role, which seemed to most actresses as unwanted, career-sharing role, was the one she fought for months fiercely. And that was the last role she had with the biggest stars. So, there's no doubt Ms Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. <br /> <br /> The film, which tells a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) who unfortunately falls in love with Cockney's waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has a few weeks but much stronger. The story is simply too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, it is quite unclear why refined students found first and foremost any interest in a rude waitress. Well, there is one scene in which we are exposed to Ms Davis fascinating eyes, but that is when his emotions are already fully developed. Nevertheless, the story's integrity is preserved by a superior play by Howard and Davis, as well as the fantastic Steiner music that tells tons of emotions even when we don't see characters' faces. In fact, the film is merged with Phillip's walking series, which shows him the backfill that is complemented by a two-color repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner has written a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, used by the film consistently. And a beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the most beautiful scenes I've ever seen because of Francis Dee's breathtaking beauty. (Me Dee was also too good to play Leadership in Gone with a wind) as well as Steiner's engaging music. Camera movements between screens are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strongest objection is that events are too two-dimensional, causing the viewer to make Mildred an ultimate slut. The most disgusting characters should be men who lure her into relationships, despite knowing that they will abandon her after making use of her, but they are curiously done as characters. After all, Mildred, always - in her own, yet honest way - let Phillip know that she despised him and had no interest in him. What he just refuses to hear. This is Phillips masochistic nature related to his club foot and infantile experiences that are the main reason for his love problem. He is addicted to his club foot as much as Mildred, and may need to be free from both to start a normal life. Of course, selfish and rude Mildred, after discovering her voluntary Phillip's slavery to her, did her own part to make his life hell. Even taking into account the fact that she exploded after she realized that slavery had been loosened, it was less clear why she would burn Phillip's money (Maugham was different in his novel). In fact, she could also steal it and drink glass of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, the movie is a bit outdated, but every time you watch it, you can reveal new interesting details due to better acting music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible score .
