Bette Davis' electrical performance is such that it's hard to remember the other female players. They were so perfect in their parts as Davis was in hair - they just didn't have that much to do. Some of the judges felt that the book was so much better - it was just giving the film because a 600-page pages split to 83 minutes didn't mean anything. The first part of the book didn't even put it on the screen - it told Phillip's childhood, and then went to Germany and Paris, where Phillip would try to make good as an artist. It also chronicles his first romance - with Fanny Price, killing herself when she realizes Phillip cannot bring back her feelings of love. It's a great book, but I think someone who doesn't think too much about the movie should read the book and realize how good the movie is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he would just be a mediocre painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), come back to England and hope to take medicine. When he comes to a tea room, he meets a naughty waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although she has no interest in him and Phillip basically treats him like dirty, he is obsessive. It's so hard to look at his efforts to find any politeness in this ominous attempt. In one scene she promises to meet him in a second class railroad waiting room, when they almost miss each other, she boasts "why would I wait in a second class waiting room if there is a first class one available." You just want to shake him. The only time she's happy with him is when she tells him to marry another man, a rough salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred out of the picture he meets Nora (Kay Johnson) a lovely woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity that the books enjoy among the servants (in the novel he read Mildred.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence he needs, but he is unable to return her love. When Mildred returns (Miller does not marry her and she has a baby), of course he cares for her and helps her with the baby (in the film it is treated as an object - always called "baby, never given not a name or gender) - she pays him back with his best friend. <br /> <br /> At the hospital, he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who visits her ill father. He starts visiting her house and for the first time in his life he has a sense of family. Then surprise! surprise! Mildred returns like a bad penny and surprised! Philip takes her in. But he has changed and just feels horrified when trying to show gratitude the only way she knows. Then one of the most vicious verbal battles on the film follows with the phrases like "you cad, your dirty piglets", "I just kissed you because you begged me" and "when you went, I deleted my mouth, I HAVE MY MOUTH AWAY "!!! In the book many Mildred's phrases like "you are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "I don't care" and "Mr. High and Mighty" are associated with prostitutes and when Phillip meets her For the first time once he is hit by it. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie shows Phillip (really free from Mildred in the only way possible) and is now free to love Sally. Again in the book Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she has a baby, but it makes him more confident of his love. It ends, as Mildred's "illness" could not be in the movie - even a pre-code. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson has always been called to play sensible, credible women - which she played perfectly as she was, of course, meaningful. Her Nora was the woman Philip had to stay with. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful of mercy. She was apparently cared for rigidly, with a few roles that proved she was not just a pretty face ("The Silver Cord" and "Blood Money"), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career started . Her Sally didn't push her talent to the limit. Apparently, Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on the set - he was annoyed that an English actress didn't give up. He used her to throw her lines "while reading a book from the camera." He began to be interested when a newspaper reported that the child was running away with the photo. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
