This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. It is a woman to whom men are drawn. Not because she's a pretty beautiful girl, but because she's a sexual entity. Now the movie does not come out and say so, but it is obvious. There is a play in the movie in which men all googly over her eyes. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she can't read and she doesn't really have anyone to look at, but she's a flirt. Obviously, the male customers in that coffee shop are there because of her. One day, Phillip came to the store with a shabby failed painter medical student to say a good word to his friend, but he was busy the moment he saw her. He started buying her stuff, even paying for her apartment. Meanwhile, she sees other people and she doesn't make any secret of it. He dreams of her as she is an angel, but she is not an angel. He is constantly thinking of her. His fellow-school degrees don't even succeed. So what is the nookie too good? He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because she marries another man. She always tells Phil that she doesn't really have love feelings for him. He is heartbreaking, but he meets another woman. They look good, but it's obvious he's still dreaming of the Bimbo. Mildred returns with a baby and becomes unaware. Phillip takes her back in, but she starts with a friend of his, the light bulb comes on and he kicks her out. She does what she knows, so she tries to seduce him, well, it doesn't work and she continues to burn his tuition fees. Oh, we have a club foot over which he has problems, although a street musician who has the same problem tells him to relieve it. He meets another girl named Sally. We have a March-time montage that shows her aging as he strokes her and still waits for Mildred. Well, he has no schooling, can't find work. Eventually Sally and her father took him in. Not before another March of the time montage that let him down. Soon, his uncle who raised him died, and he got money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he finds that Mildred needs him again. She has TB. Meanwhile, he is still leading Sally over the Primrose road over marriage and he is taking a job on a steamship. At last, the bimbo died and Phillip declared he was free and he would marry Sally. I wish she had told him to fill it. Now I know I'm taking the characters won't get me points. But I feel Phillip was the bad man. Yes Mildred is a Strumpet, but he knows it, and he comes back. Meaning while he has two other friends who love him, but he treats as a starter. I think the sex wasn't that good. But anyway, his dogs, the women are waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but the man who gets pregnant Mildred is already married. When Philip asked him what he was planning to do about Baby (apparently the baby's name) he was laughing at, he was down, he wasn't going to support her and Baby and he was rich. Sally's father, who has 9 children, says some filthy things about women, but he is said to be an old man. Philip also does not seem to refute his feelings. Men use Mildred as a Boy Toy, but the men in this movie come out harmless. Yes, she was not a respected woman, but far from a villain. For me, it was Philip who had the real problem and that was his sexual obsession for Mildred.
