I like Leslie Howard, in his better movies. Yet, for some reason, his performance in OR HUMAN BONDAGE never moved me terribly. I saw the university campus for the first time in 1972 and the college newspaper reviewer commented that Howard played in the 1930s and 1940s the roles suspected of being taken up by Dirk Bogard later than the betrayed man. This is usually not the case. I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who can be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were an object of Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett. Howard can play any type, and a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* One can bet that Philip Armstrong Scott betrayed by the two strangers shows hospitality in 49 PARALLEL, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, Westerner, Canadian - fair game to double in war clause, not the same as emotional betrayal and Howard does not weaken as a result, but looks at the Nazis and takes one after he beat him.) <br /> <br /> I think what the reviewer meant was that Howard could be soulful - or trying to be soulful. Witness his poet - dreamer - wandering in THE WRITING FORREST. But that character is not betrayed, except through history (as he feels his kind is as outdated as the gunman played by Humphrey Bogart). The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham's OR HUMAN BONDAGE is also soulful. He is sensitive for various reasons. He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland in THE MOON AND SEASON he has no real talent. So he decides to concentrate on medical studies, emphasized by a club foot condition he has. Here he is a man with a low self-esteem that is betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip finds the betrayal in the form of Mildred, a Cockney waitress (Bette Davis), who is mercenary and selfish as they come. Why Philip falls for her is not really addressed in the film, but he finds the woman fascinating. And she finds him an easy meal ticket. Ironically, Philip is not so happy to see, but Philip fails to see two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and is more suited to being his partner. He also finds himself forgiveness of Davis when dealing with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter's friend of Howard's). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance captures Philip's penetration to Mildred, he doesn't really show enough passion (until late in the movie when he switches on). That's why I find that I've never cared for his performance - it didn't have any reality. She later tortured insistence in GONE WITH THE WIND that he loved Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, had more consistency with a loving man. But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the movie important. Until 1934, she had a wide variety of parts, such as the deaf pianist girl in THE MAN who played GOD or the murdered heir who was killed in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mousse secretary in THREE ON A MATCH. Like Mildred, she eventually showed she could be a great actress by playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> Oddly, her performance was not one of the notes. Using two-thirds of the film and abusing Howard, she finally came to the familiar scene in which she saw how disgusting his kisses made her. Her last scene shows that she can also fall apart because of her weakened health and her inability to do any honest work. When Howard rejects her, the viewers do not reject how angry he is (he asks what happened to her baby - she tells him the baby died and Howard says he is happy, which is almost the answer she expects) . Eventually Howard finally gets his life in order, but Mildred ends an accident (ironically, her death is discovered by her old boyfriend Denny on medical call). The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences did not designate Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest enrollment campaign in history, and a permanent change in the rules), but Davis was founded as a star. In one year she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years she died again with Howard (like equal stars) in THE WRITING FORREST.
