Bette Davis's cockney accent in this movie is absolutely horrible. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities may not realize this and that is good. but believe me, it's about half as good as Dick Van Dyke's cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and it was a real load of old pony (slipped into the London folk language there - many excuses). <br /> <br /> The remarkable thing for me is the strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not detract from the movie's power. Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite its superficial flaws. It must also be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking should be appreciated at the time, and John Cromwell does a very good job of directing the camera and developing the narrative, rather than merely through the accompanying acting and distorted dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the scene at Victoria Station. It is beautifully pregnant, shot and edited. Also note the solid shots of the bottom Mildred after the end of the movie; they are more guilty of the early days of artistic filmmaking than the seasoned, formal world of the studio that is about to dominate. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are universally known and compelling: sexual obsession, unrequited love, contemptuous passion, self-rejection, manipulative relationships, social divisions and youthful folly. Although the dialogue is often rather hacked, the difficult task of portraying these themes and tackling the inner lives of the characters, even though it is in a low key way. Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to look at, but the story does not fall into cliché; We are aware that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of each other's feelings as well as intentional selfishness. Although naive in style, the story comes to the complex heart of the human condition and the manageable nature of the acting and the occasional grid changes do not diminish the truth of the work. <br /> <br /> Human Bondage was one of the films that Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood and while you see it, you are aware that he is witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and screen baffle (no one thought like Ms Davis or had contempt) grabbed your attention from her first appearance. While she's definitely the unforgettable performance in the movie, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They are a good combination, but why, why didn't he help her with the terrible, terrible accent!
