I thought it would be a sequel to the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin", but actually it is more of a light "sister" to the original. Gordon Liu still dies as a heroic day on a quest to teach kung fu to defeat the impudent Manchus ... but this time it is lighter and more comical. The film centers on the local dye mill, where wages are cut due to the hiring of 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao", who can trick the mill base into thinking he is a Shaolin monk who possesses almost magical kung fu skill. But his luck comes out, he is exposed to fraud and he promises the millers that he is going to the Shaolin Monastery to teach kung fu and return to protect them. <br /> <br /> The comedy really starts at the monastery where Chao is making several attempts to be accepted. It creates really funny moments, and very good combat chorography. Continuing in the "36th Chamber" tradition we see all sorts of neat and interesting (and highly hokey) training methods at the monastery as well as creative uses of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and note is the mixing of kung fu and the craft of bamboo scaffolding. Chao is not accepted as a student at Shaolin, but is made to build a bamboo framework for the "10 year recovery" of the monastery. On the DVD I bought, there was a special built on bamboo scaffolding and the inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung pulled out of it. It is a craft hundreds (maybe thousands) years old, and in Hong Kong scaffolding is still built of bamboo, even on high high rises, although the West uses only steel tubes and clamps. Due to his scaffolding, Chao develops a special style of kung fu. When asked what that is, he suddenly answers "steier kung fu !!" which he first tested during a scrubbing with the abbey of the monastery. In the final confrontation with the Manchus, there is a brilliant variety of creative uses for bamboo poles and bands. <br /> <br /> From a comedy perspective, I think this is one of the best of the kung fu genre. As a kung fu movie in general, it also comes out ... I recommend it to anyone!
