Back to the 36th room is one of those classic Kung-Fu movies that Shaw produced back in the 70s and 80s, the genre of which is equivalent to the spaghetti westerns of Hollywood, and the protagonist Gordon Liu, the counterpart of the Western Clint. Eastwood. Digitally remastered and a new print for the Fantastic Film Fest, it is 'Offered in Shaw Scope', just like the good old days. <br /> <br /> This movie is a simple story of good to evil, telling in 3 appearances, which more or less summarizes the story of martial arts films in that era. <br /> <br /> Act One sets the point. Small-town color mill workers are dissatisfied with their fate, as their wages are cut by 20% by incoming manchu gangsters. They can't do much about their exploitation, because none of them are martial arts capable of tackling the gangsters and their boss. Initially, they had a slight success in giving Liu a highly-skilled Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy rows), but their rauses exposed when pushing the limit of credibility by personalizing one too many times. <br /> Law Two shows the lead star who wants to come back to the crowd. But, without true martial arts, he begins a journey to Shaolin Temple, trying to infiltrate and fight martial arts. After a few slapstick moments, he is finally accepted by the abbot (who he has personalized!), But is disappointed with the teaching methods - similar to Mr. Miyagi's style in Karate Kid, but instead of painting fences, gets upright settings around the temple. . Nothing can sustain a good man, and he unconsciously builds strength, endurance and kung-fu in the unorthodox way. <br /> <br /> Act Three is where the battle party begins. With cold sound effects, every obvious non-contact on film is given the maximum impact treatment. But it is quite refreshing to watch the scenes here, with its wide angular shots to highlight clarity and detail between the sparring partners and the use of slow motion to display stunts in different angles. You can find the speed of battles a little too slow, with a break between moves, but with Yuen Wo Ping and using his ad-style style in Hollywood movies, they certainly won't make battle scenes as they were used to! Back to the 36th room on Monday gets a repeat check. So if you are playing for a nostalgic journey to the memory avenue, what are you waiting for?
