After 21 movies and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role she claimed as her own and who took her as a force. If Mildred Rogers erupted Davis with an utterly fearless role of a malicious waitress who became Leslie Howard's love target, and both eager to roll her teeth like this, she has no fear of the terrible things that meant her character. to do throughout the film and the terrible transformation she would undergo. It has also been widely noted that her performance here, one of the few things that make this slightly uneven movie story, is one to remember even after two repetitions and the plays she ripened in Howard's history. <Br /> <br /> At about 85 minutes, the story moves with a good fit and tells the story of Philip Carey (Howard), as his life crosses the destructive Mildred Rogers again and again. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis's chemistry is all but non-Davis maintained in an interview much later in life, and she did not personally deal with Howard's zeal and it even did her Worse (a character) considered Mildred. Likewise, the two seem uncomfortable with each other; their screens remain stiff, only saved by fiery acidity. Davis brings her lines and her own nervous presence. Then again, Cromwell's direction has a certain silence about himself that sometimes does not come - he tries to fill a place (when Davis is not there) with solutions and mounts indicating over time (a calendar what about a changing Frances Dee). Much in style then. It was before techniques and complicated camera angles came into being, and essentially the visual story is a simplified, bare essential translation of the Somerset Maugham novel - which many say, as it would be 600 pages of "Of Human Bondage" is even hard to film. <br /> <br /> It feels like Philip Carey can be a glutton for punishment, as there is no noticeable sexual attraction between him and Mildred and to put it together, Mildred never conceals her displeasure from the baldness. no. Howard's actions never look like many external emotions - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never gets too far away (he can almost be a distant cousin to William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - deceptive, hurting, and absolutely passive), but it's probably part of his character and why he doesn't see other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) making themselves vulnerable to unanswered feelings. Interestingly, Johnson's Norah, as soon as she realizes that Carey will never fall for her, is the one who summarizes the story with her observation that people are bound to other people - she is bound to Carey, as Carey is bound to Mildred and Mildred itself is connected to Miller (or men who fit the role of the supplier). In her short but memorable scene, she is the one who holds the essence of the story's morale.
