I watched it on local TV a few years ago (and recorded it), and I was confused by it and then deleted the tape. But when it was released by MGM as part of a dual-function DVD from Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters movies for a very affordable price, I couldn't resist it. This has since gone out - from print). Actually, I found the DVD a few months ago, but I only found it with Harrington's passing; Fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the movie, and this is actually one of the more satisfying WHAT HAS BABY JANE HAPPENED? (1962) Imitations (with which it also shared the writer Henry Farrell.) <br /> <br /> The film presents a wonderful depiction of the 1930s. Depression America - with its child stars and sensational murders (exploited during the fake news rule opening); It's made stylish (kudos for Lucien Ballard's cinematography and Eugene Lourie's set design) and boasts an effective David Raksin score. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir deliver outstanding achievements; The latter is particularly impressive as the larger-than-life and vaguely sinister dictation coach (although he ultimately proves only a red herring!). Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead also appear (hair is only a cameo, really, since the evangelist she plays is mostly heard on the radio). Many complain about the parents' inclusion of musical numbers. (including an amusing Mae West counterfeit), but I wasn't personally bothered by them; the movie exceeds its expectation due to an unhealthy pace and (perhaps unnecessarily) winding plot. Reynolds - a musical star himself - is ideally cast as the dance school owner and, despite their mutual rivalry, she and Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, gives a more balanced portrayal of paranoia and madness than in WHOEVER SLIM AUNTY ROO? (1971); The narrative then comes with a number of ironic twists that lead to the expectation of the Grand Guignol-type unbundling. Apparently the movie was down (it was originally more gore and even a proposal for lesbians!) By producer Martin Ransohoff - at Harrington's wish - to get a PG rating ...
