Well, here's another awesome example of uncomfortable 70's movie-making! The rudimentary premise of "What is the matter with Helen?" is very shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in such an attractive and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other movie person, this has definitely been a boring exploitation, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Tuntie Roo?") And author Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush? Sweet Charlotte") in charge it has become a beautiful and almost enchanting mix of themes and genres. The basic plot of the movie is definitely scary, but there is much more to experience, such as love stories, a swaying 1930s atmosphere and a whole bunch of singing and tap dancing! The setting is undoubtedly what makes this movie so unique. We literally become catapulted back to the 1930s, with a sublime depiction of the era's music, religion, theater business and wardrobe. After the long and exhaustive trial that sentenced their boys to life imprisonment, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) flee to California and are trying to re-start a dance school for young talented girls. Adelle suits herself perfectly to the new environment, as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen remains in a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She just listens to the estimates of a radio evangelist, fearing that she will be punished for the crimes her son has committed and slowly developing violent tendencies. The writing, although not entirely without errors, is well written and the film is sufficiently fast. There is never a dull moment in "What is the case with Helen", although the song, tap dance and tango rows are fairly lengthy and very unrelated to the actual plot. But the atmosphere is continually ominous, and the film is definitely benefited by Shelley Winters' immense performance. She's really scary as the unpredictable and introverted lady who goes every second and especially in the last ten minutes or more, it looks more amazing than all the Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers combined! There are several terrific supporting characters who are unfortunately underdeveloped and deprived of their potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as the nice electoral teacher, Agnes Moorehead as the creepy priestess and Timothy Carey as the pushy visitor to the ladies' home. There are some surprisingly horrific scenes and moments of real shock to enjoy among the Grand Guignol fanatics among us, but especially the set pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are breathtaking.
