The most bizarre of the cinematographic subgenres is the so-called "The Great Ladies of the Grand Guignol": camp horror films combined with top melodrama combined with gothic thrills and always played by a seasoned and almost forgotten actress of the golden golden golden era in emerging roles of either long-suffering victims or evil harps. This genre presented them with an unusual play that put them back on the screen and again won new generation fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What's the matter with Helen" is the last drop of this subgenre with beautiful performances by both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the upset mothers of two convicted criminals who have been in the past to the sunny California The 1930s ran away to make a talent school to milk out the eager mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirley temple. In California, Debbie gets luck, customers, tango, tap dancing and a new love interest. (Dennis Weaver meanwhile, Shelley gets wacko with horrible flashbacks, threatening anonymous calls, threatening aliens, threatening Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbits and an unlucky encounter with an electric fan (ouch!). <Br / > <br /> The sloppy script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started all this genre with "Whatever happened to Baby Jane" with master director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is full of plot holes, red herring and wasted opportunities that made this movie great: the underlying themes of distorted motherhood (with Debbie and Shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and the exaggerated moms of child stars) and obsessive female bonding (Debbie and Shelley relationship and the fact that The few male characters of this movie are either sinister or sloppy, even Dennis Weaver's dream boat-Texan) is wasted. Instead, we get Debbie Reynolds musical interludes and dance tots, though fun to watch, take too much screen time for what is called a psychological chiller. But still this movie is highly entertaining. The two stars and Curtis Harrington's stylish direction easily overcome his mistakes. The 1930s movie recreation is colorful and elegant (watch Debbie's clothes!) Made with a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is really creepy with a shocking final that haunts you for days. And you won't easily forget that dull "Goody, goody" song that also runs through the movie. And to see an increasingly crazy Shelley Winters, screw every one of Debbie Reynolds's chances of happiness, a haunt to watch! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
