Neatly built between THE STRANGER, a small movie noir photo that proved that Welles could do a formidable budget and timely genre work and, ironically, showed his biggest boxing success in the forties, and MACBETH, a Shakespeare adaptation shot that was not in the old west. shoot in 23 days, THE LADY OF SHANGAI, a dark film noir woven from the same fabric of Wellesian mythos, which covers the MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film that the director could not save from the studios of studio bosses. Six years after the MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war craze of the film noir in full swing, Welles, always before his time, a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, suggested a labyrinthine world of shadows that were darker, more sinister, paranoid and slimmer than his contemporaries did at that time. It is not surprising that the film was so misunderstood, to the point that one full hour of footage was left forever in the cutter floor, and it was again Europe that made it known as another Welles classic. <br /> <br /> Some set pieces are out. The aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows, and of course the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors finale which is a classic Wellesian bravura piece in CITIZEN CANE or THE TRIAL. The only mistakes I get with the movie are Welles's negative touch for Irish accents, and perhaps the erratic editing in the first act. However, the story unfolds in a progressive enchanting manner, which only serves to strengthen the cuts. I believe that the heavy versions of Shanghai and Ambersons have reached a surrealistic quality for that matter. <br /> <br /> For decades, Welles would have banned him in Europe and in 1958 returned to another stonewall classic, the monumental TOUCH OR Evil, perhaps the coronation jewel of the film noir who by then had decreasing days were. Shanghai was not the success of the box office. A star vehicle for Hollywood's premier star of the time, Rita Hayworth, should have been, and Welles's marriage to Hayworth ended before the movie was released. Sixty years later and one hour's footage less, Shanghai is still one of the best movie noir photos one will probably discover. Certainly, it must count for something.
