In NYC, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) saves Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from a mug and rape if she takes a horse and carriage through Central Park and lives to regret it. Titian-haired Hayworth is a platinum blonde in this one; as gorgeous as fresh-snow, but nowhere near as pure as. <br /> <br /> To reveal more of the complicated plot in this so-called "noir" will be criminal. It's as misleading as the mirrors used to have catastrophic effects in the final scenes, but the movie has a lot of dark secrets: From the NY Times: "Childhood Shadows: The Hidden Story Of The Black Dahlia Murder" by Mary Pacios " Mary Pacios, who was 5 years old when she was befriended by 15-year-old Bette Short, revived Short's steps, interviewing friends and associates, and also presented a detailed, speculative analysis of Orson Welles, especially regarding His film, The Lady From Shanghai, According to Ms. Pacios, the film, along with related archive material, has many of the same ritualistic elements related to Short's murder. She asks the question: Could Welles was the killer? "Interesting theories - and With the flurry of books now emerging on "The Black Dahlia", much more can come to light. Fritz Lang's brutal "film noir", "The Big Heat" (1953), was a novel-a-key that told of the "Dahlia" death in the City of Nets that was LA, but that's the Orson opus the "dahlia" had a "hands-on" connection to. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the 1940s Hollywood gang wars) who did the "Dahlia" ... but it doesn't ignore much of what Pacios wrote. Almost all of Hollywood is cut by Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia"). Short and her story / aura / legacy / curse was coded in a number of Golden Era films. <br /> <br /> The "Black Dahlia" was always on the peripheral edges of "Shanghai" life before it began filming. Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "That was when he thought to make" The Lady From Shanghai "before losing the option for Orson Welles. Franchot said he was in a bad state about that deal when he was in the Dahlia ran in the Formosa cafe * across from the Goldwyn studios ... "* The floor above the Formosa cafe was Bugsy Siegel's office and" The Dahlia "one of his working" girls ". <br /> <br /> It gets deeper and darker. After the 1951 noise over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone who sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "never talk the same again," Barbara said she married Tone, just Neal. "Tom (" Detour ") Neal also has the" The Dahlia "(who hasn't?) Known and become obsessed?" LA Despair "by John Gilmore:" The death of the young, beautiful actress Elizabeth Short in January 1947 , known as "The Black Dahlia", was one of the most horrific killings in the annals of modern crime. A project called "Who Dared The Black Dahlia?" was kicked by World War II actor Tom Neal. films. Potential producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to draft a more imaginative business proposal than Tom Neal and his cohorts suggested ..." Not long afterwards: "It will be very clear, one nice day to come, when Tom his beautiful new Palm Springs wife goes to sleep while she is lying on their couch and shooting a .45 bullet through her head. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) were known for the" Dahlia "and their stories known. It seems as if everyone crossing the road from the Dahlia (like the proverbial black cat) into a "Twilight Zone" darkness and / or had an incredible rope of accident. Tone / Neal / Welles are just a few - including a slaughtered movie called "The Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years to be released , thanks to extensive re-editing - and all because Columbia's president, Harry Cohn, couldn't understand the story. It's dark "noir" to be sure - one of the darkest. It is also a bad satire on life in the new Atomic era. <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" pushes a persistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement on the atomic bomb and the American city. The main killer of the film (and there are many), a psychotic and double-acting lawyer, provides Armageddon with every turn. He claims he can "feel" it. He announces that he plans to escape to a remote Pacific Ocean - a particularly sour joke on Welles' part because it was the year when the US began testing atomic bombs at such a place, the Bikini Atoll. which moves all the residents and the ecosystem. By the time of Bikini, the erotic identification of Hayworth with the Bomb appears to be institutionalized, with the blessing of the military buyer; The first bomb dropped in the Pacific test field named "Gilda" and Hayworth's image painted in provocative dress directly on his casing. "It is ironic that Orson Welles's broad interpretation of a Welles gives an indication to viewers that Michael O'Hara is only the storyteller - not part of the story, even though it turns around. O'Hara" contradicts the shark "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell the story. "Elsa Bannister" causes a nutritional deviation during O'Hara's trial and her fast-paced chapeau suggests she is hijacked - not to consume human spectators to a Roman Colesum. The spectators are on their own madness and gossip and argue about "Elsa" - a human aquarium related to the San Francisco marine museum order. It's the human condition ... except for Michael O'Hara. And yet he will b He spends his life forgetting his past ("Elsa"). "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and the story eventually eats its own tail and the viewer is warned to stay out of trouble.
