It is very difficult to say just what goes on with "The Lady from Shanghai" and what the movie could be without studio interference. Orson Welles's greatest interest in film was at this point to raise money for his theater; Indeed, the funding of his own projects is what managed him to look for work. He made "Lady of Shanghai" for his former wife, Rita Hayworth. Harry Cohn was anxious for Rita's image and held back the release of this movie for one year. <br /> <br /> The plot covers an Irish sailor, Michael O'Hara, who falls in love with Else (Hayworth, beautiful with short blonde hair). Her husband is a well-known criminal lawyer Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) who is so crippled as he is. He hires O'Hara to work on his hunt, and O'Hara gets deeper and deeper into a web of murder and fraud. <br /> <br /> "The Woman of Shanghai" moves in a snail's pace, though I agree with one of the posters criticizing films today to take time to build a plot. Yet this movie thrives. The scene in the fun house is fantastic - Welles wanted it without music, and I believe the studio cuts it off. It's a pity. Welles was an excellent actor, attractive in his youth, charismatic and has a beautiful voice and technique, but in many films it is almost as if he does not trust himself or does not take the time to develop a character. Instead, he relies on external ones such as accents and false noses. One of the only times he didn't do it was, "Tomorrow is forever," where the director gets an excellent, deeply advanced performance from him. Contrast it with 'Compulsion' where he shows that he is a master of pure technical acting that he calls in his performance. Here, Welles does four-valued duty - as director, star, co-author and narrator. Sporting a completely unnecessary accent and look intense was a quick way to characterize. Nevertheless, he is always compelling. <br /> <br /> The supporting players are excellent, including Sloan and Glenn Anders. Hayworth, beautiful and gentle (her song was again mentioned by Anita Ellis) is as usual a complete goddess and one of the great screen conditions. What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty. <br /> <br /> Any movie directed by Orson Welles is worth seeing, and "The Lady of Shanghai" is no exception. But this one frustrates the viewer, such as "The Magnificent Ambersons" - like any work Welles did in the studio system. He was a great artist who had to get a freer government; he was not. He was a strange divide - he needed more freedom, but as some of his later work showed, he needed the structure of the studio. Oh, he can't have both.
