The Lady From Shanghai is strange, even according to the standards of its leading director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood movie was a moon for many. It is a kind of postmodern film noir made in the period when more conventional films of this kind were very popular. It relates to a happy, happy Irish sailor (played by Welles) who invades a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Welles at the time), and her cripple, and probably impotent, man, has a good, malicious gusto played by Everett Sloan. A long voyage follows, with Welles as bodyguard, and the plot thickens when Sloan's lawyer (Glenn Anders) arrives and begins to make trouble through strange speeches about suicide and other morbid issues that suggest the man is on the verge of spiritual collapse . A murder spell occurs, and all sorts of disasters follow for Welles and his employers, and at this stage, the story is vague and tells at a quiet pace so far, from the deep end to the last part of the film. From brilliant live pieces that are apparently thrown in to give the movie a bit of the drive and urgency that its story does not own by itself, and the result is a very observable and often pleasurable surprise. <br /> <br /> It is hard to know what Welles is trying to do with this movie, apart from the possibility of raising his career in Hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction occurs, as often happens with Welles, and me. Hayworth has never looked less. Being thrown as a femme fatale also looks strange. Aside from her beauty, her most attractive feature as a peculiarity is sweetness, a quality she does not possess in this picture. The director himself is extremely unattractive and joins O'Hara, the (supposedly) conciliatory sailor, because Welles, for all his many gifts, was not known as an easy-going man to work with. It was a role that twenty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could breathe life. Welles not. The most interesting show in the movie is Glenn Anders' as Grisby, Sloan's loony, treacherous legal partner. Otherwise, wonders work with the part, and are photographed to look bizarre, while its scenes end in strange, sour notes, and are often sharply edited; But for all this, he manages to make Grisby's confusion tangible and disturbing, and delicately expects the more flamboyant Method actors of the fifties, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There's a question nags me about this movie: What did Welles try to say? He was a highly talented and intelligent man and tended to make statements in his films. Whether it is in agreement with his worldview or not, is brilliantly presented. I think I have an answer, or a partial one: Welles summed up his film career. He reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. The Lady Of Shanghai is not exactly a nasal dip on the studio of the day, but I suspect that in his portrait of amorous competitive large-scale lawyers (read: producers), Welles expresses the opinion of the power brokers. of Hollywood. That he offered himself as a carrotless sailor. Welles himself was definitely an unashamed traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for a long time. He was hired by a studio to host a large, prestigious movie (Citizen Kane), which caused a stormy controversy that he never completely recovered. This may be the problem that doesn't speak the name in this movie, that is, Welles's personal failure not to come across the shock of his novelty in the film colony, and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. The mere fact that he arrived in Hollywood, like his mere presence in the film, could not prevent disasters. That he presented himself in the movie as a friendly, naive outsider, shows a lack of self-knowledge about Welles' part. He was much more of an inner player than he had, and I think he has his knowledge of the global aspects of life and has refused to know so much.
