While watching one of Orson Welles' last contributions to Hollywood as a film producer, I knew I was watching a big movie, but sometimes I didn't know why. The story in The Lady of Shanghai has the first elements of a film noir: average Joe lead, femme fatal, striking supportive characters, and an understandable as somewhat complicated plot structure. It's an entertaining ride, and it's filled with the edge of Welles' unique gifts as director, but there are scenes that just don't work, or don't fully feel what Welles's full vision was (the latter is unhappy Well executive producer Harry Cohn and Columbia executives are guilty of that. <br /> <br /> Welles co-stars with his then-wife, the extremely beautiful Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, " an Irish worker Who can and is angry with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Bernstein in Citizen Kane), accompanied by a friend. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to sail on their hunt and take O'Hara along for the ride, and first he is hesitant, but agrees because he is for the married Mrs. Val. As their journey unfolds, O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby are not nice. To be around, and more so with Grisby, which initially looks like its gourd. But as the plot unfolds, O'Hara is drawn into a scam that Grisby plans for insurance money, with results I don't dare to reveal (though they are discussed by others over and over). <br /> <br /> Whatever the liabilities here and there appear in the mysterious part of the story (and those few striking moments where shot studios are dictated), the performances and appearance of the movie are even more than fifty-five years is striking. Although he does not have the awesome Greg Tolland (Kane's DP) at his side, trustworthy Charles Lawton Jr. Wants to create an atmosphere that is elegant and sharp, in shadows, deep focus, low angles, works. A particular achievement is the fun mirror scene, which is just a highlight. Welles herself is always trustworthy as an actor - even though his accent is not something special - and Hayworth herself makes a scene a little more affluent, despite her path in the story. <br /> <br /> The Lady of Shanghai is worth checking out, especially for Welles, Hayworth, or movie noir buffs (fans of the Coen brothers may also find it fascinating). It may just take a while, repeat views (like for Touch of Evil), because the underlying motifs in the plot sink in.
