These are excerpts from a nine page memo to Mr. Cohn of Mr. Welles', written after Orson saw the studio edition of Harry Cohn's edited version of the picture. He came out an hour. <br /> <br /> "The preview title music was written by a first-rate composer, George Antheil. Although not written for our photo, this temporary title music has combined an atmosphere of darkness and threat with something lazy and romantic that made it acceptable .. The only musical idea that came with this current composer (Heinz Roemheld) is the most tired of using a popular song - the theme - in as many arrangements as possible. "Please don't kiss me not "for almost every bridge and also for many background material. The song is pleasant, it can do very well on the Hit Parade - but Lady of Shanghai is not a musical comedy. Mr. Roemheld is a fiery dedication of" An old-fashioned kind of point we refer to in our business as "Disney." In other words, if someone falls, he makes a "falling" sound in the orchestra, etc. Etc. ... As the lab, the initials and scrambled numbers, I could not be unhappy oo r the results ... Just before I went abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a cut that would bring the next taxi by taxi cab and also a little dialogue. I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut ... saving needed material in the slow opening sequence (it wasn't done, taking into account the major weaknesses of the film's opening role) ... There is nothing in the fact Rita's dive to justify a great orchestral crescendo. What matters is Rita's beauty ... the evil overtones represented by Grigsby's character, and Michael's confusion. Any or all of these items may have inspired the music. Instead, the dive is treated as if it were a great climax or a few moments in a Silly Symphony: a pratfall by Pluto the Pup, or a wild jump in space by Donald Duck. There is no healthy atmosphere on the boat. A bit of wind and water is much missed. There is no point in photographing a scene on a real boat if you make it sound like it all happened before a process screen. At the start of the picnic series ... in the temporary score, we use a very curious, sexy Latin American tribe ... It was replaced with a critical "dramatic" sequel - bad stock ... This kind of music destroy the quality of strangeness, what exactly what Lady of Shanghai could be saved not just to be Another whodunit ... There is a great musical eruption to Grigsby's line, "I want you to kill him." It's absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar music coming out of the radio was supposed to be corn enough to make a certain satirical point. As it stands, it's about the same level as the rest of the score. No one in the audience may suspect that we are sheep. The aquarium needs more echo. "Please, don't kiss me!" Again! ... A poor double work and poor score destroyed Michael's character in the pier. From the shoot to the call, a meticulous pattern of voices has been built up with a lot of time and effort. For some reason it is all messed up in favor of a vague hull. Consequently, the whole series looks dull ... The audience should feel at this point, along with Michael, that they may be crazy. The new dubbing work can only make them feel like they are going to sleep. The rifle fight with the mirrors should not be backed up with music. The closing music again refers to "Please don't kiss me" ... This final is clear for the point of vulgarity, and incalculable injury at the end of the picture. "<br /> <br /> All these changes from Orson was ignored
