After Burger Burger in 1941, the Hollywood executives turned their baton industries on the big Orson Welles. With the exception of KANE, Welles loses all creative control over MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, RECOVERY, and many other films that come. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional filmmakers when Hollywood needed a few more. THE LADY OF SHANGHAI is another example of the misunderstood view of Welles' films at the time, a movie that looks a bit hooked and non-flowing. It has a conventional 1940's prospect in a very unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes have landed on the cutter floor. It is now the legend that Columbia Mogul raised Harry Cohn during his initial screening and asked what it was all about. Afterwards, many old grumpies running the studios did not have one idea about the movie techniques and master stories of Orson Welles and THE LADY OF SHANGHAI is just about big because of their intrusion. <br /> <br /> Besides being probably the biggest director of all time, Welles was also an actor as an actor. By 25 we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane", perhaps the most famous character in film history. Here he lives in a rare character of dim white and not much intelligence, something unknown to those who are familiar with Welles' other great work. Instead of a smooth, wise language, he speaks with a rough Irish compulsion. Rita Hayworth (his unfortunate married woman at the time) plays an unhappy married wife of a lawyer who puts Welles into play and can pull him into a job that will bring him boundaries of deception and disillusionment. He is a big air that even killed a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with beautiful blonde hair) and cripple, Everett Sloane (Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). A creepy partner from Sloane's is setting off for the sail across the country to tune off some peculiar events that Welles' "Michael O'Hara" head spinning. Welles tells the picture as O'Hara, but things are still unclear. See for yourself and realize that it requires at least 2 views to know exactly how this happens. <br /> <br /> An unimaginable strange court case is around O'Hara, with Sloane defending him. It is a strange comic scene with some strange courtroom methods, including Sloane investigating himself. I didn't really laugh here because the movie stalls at this point to a first section that never let you down. Up to this point, cinematography is great, some scenes are shot with craft and skill (aquarium love scene), but there is no clear line entering the elements and us, the audience. against Welles's requests (10 close-ups from Hayworth were ordered) and a preliminary song sung by the stars was thrown at Cohn's insistence. Welles, who once again remained outside the editing process, has been disillusioned with a good score. Thanks for saving the movie completely with a tour-de-force end that will always be. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings buffs back and forth. Law so. <br /> <br /> It has to be seen to be believed and it does a good job of embedding some confusing ideas offered. The mirror mirrors represent O'Hara's disillusionment and the "mad house" itself is a masterpiece of art and decoration. It looks more than a state of mind as a real place and is indeed "crazy", twisted and turning like a Dali painting. It's a wonderful ending to a flawed picture that if left alone, would probably be the AFI's Top 100. Then 3 or 4 of Orson Welles movies can have made all the collective "best of" lists if left alone to make his own magic. <br /> <br /> PLEASE NOTE: Watch the Mercury players so prominent in Welles pictures. They appear everywhere. RATING: 8 out of 10
