In Japan, Ashura is the story of Demons taking over the earth. The point of departure is much more complicated, but the archive story should not be forgotten. Japan is in turmoil, with demons possessing human form that roam the countries. Generally speaking, demons look like humans, but they are angry. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but rather the classic form of "ogre" which is a mythological being of a historical stature. We're talking about creatures that look more like gods than simple ugly child-eating monsters. <br /> <br /> But in human form, all that remains is green eyes and green teeth that appear when placed under no sense. of stress. To save the world of demons, there are Demon-slayers. Trained and skilled fighters who can detect and defeat most all kinds of demons, and guard the way between the realm of hell and the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local village. In the midst of these festivals, 3 men drive in, dressed in all black, seemingly intent to do evil. The villagers run, except those who are demonic in nature, who turn green eyes and try to kill them. The Demon-Slayers end the death of the majority of the demons. From here the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when the gate to hell appears, a fortune devil appears before the 3 gatekeepers, revealing the arrival of Ashura. With that comes the end of the government of man and begins the rule of the demons. However, Ashura requires some form of birth process. The first step took place during the opening battle, but it won't be made known to you until you see the movie. The 3 devil's fighters are a wise old man, a powerful but unfounded man, and a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the split between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the powerful one who wants to bow to his increasing ego-manic wishes and the third to stop the second time. Along the way he meets a woman he begins to entertain, and believes himself to have a special relationship with. She is, in turn, a brigand that is good-natured, sought after by the authorities. When the two finally face to face, he puts his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly she was hit by a mark on her shoulder. Needless to say, the point is not a good sign. The result is a battle for the earth, a battle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good. <br /> <br /> The point for me about this movie has become something different than I thought it would be. I thought it would be either a quick action movie with demons or a horror movie with macabre evil and filthy creatures that would be seen in Ringu and Ju-on. However, I was made the wrong way in the best possible way. The story that seemed to me was an adaptation of a very old Japanese play, and it played itself as such, combining the head-to-head action of adrenaline with a wonderful concept, a wonderful story and a style that forced you to rather think as just sitting in the gore. Many scenes have been painted with a luxury two-character dialogue, which will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a virtually theatrical experience that takes your breath away. <br /> <br /> The movie employs an impeccable scenery and camera work that is comparable to many great Samurai movies of our days, but adds a good idea and classic plot. With great acting, good music and thorough spectacular scenes, it's a must have in my book. <br /> <br /> It is said, it does need the indemnity that it is not for everyone. It's not horror cheap excitement, it's not balls for the wall action. This is a horror style play that has been filmed. It has a lot to say and take the time to do so, facing conventional one-liners. Like the Japanese plays, the exchange of characters can last for many minutes before they come together for a quick but wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, it is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie bract with a small plot and excessive nudity, you can easily look something different. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is a unique and wonderful one for you. and amused. it has good writing, good acting and good direction. It's all a solid big movie.
