I have to admit that I am a little surprised and disappointed about some of the many negative comments this movie looks like. I think it's a big horror / sci fi movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth to a historic spacecraft to Saturn. While in space, he contracted bizarre and unfamiliar diseases. He wakes up in a hospital bed, he looks in a mirror and in front of his many eyes his face is melting! He escaped the supervision of the hospital and hid in some local bushes around a small town. Unfortunately, he is beginning to develop a fast-growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Stalking human prey he begins his reign of terror! It is up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and help him. He has to work alone if his boss General Perry (Myron Healey) wants it to remain ultra quiet. Nelson can't even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) is suspicious as General Perry arrives, just as some of the local townspeople are starting to eat half. I don't really understand why this movie gets such negative reviews, what do people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the film is undoubtedly Rick Bakers Special Makeup and Gore Effects, which are excellent for the most part, and the fact that they make all the prosthetic effects and no garbage-curing CGI even better. Author and director, William Sachs, is also not afraid to use them, we get some nice long, long-running shots from the incredible meltman and they are doing very well, even now. Photography, music and direction are a bit dull but professional enough. The writing succeeds in giving sympathy to the monster, the shots of him looking desperately at Ted Nelson's house, or seeing his own reflection in some waters and responding with violence. The end, in a big factory of some kind, is pretty downbeat, so don't expect a happy ending. What surprised me. Also, the writing doesn't really matter with the premise, he just runs to melt and kill, with his friend trying to stop him, maybe a little too simple. Personally, I think the worst part of the movie was near the beginning when the fat nurse walked slowly into a hospital corridor, her scream was also portrayed in slow motion, it looked and sounded ridiculous! You have to see it to believe it! I love this movie and recommend it to the 70's and 80's horror / sci fi fans. A little bit of my favorite.
