Until the 1990s there was never a movie based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then two came in the same year, 1996. Or, if you count 1995's "Clueless", which upgrades Austen's plot to a modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young good family lady in Regency England. She is financially much better than most Austen heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and doesn't have to find her a wealthy man. Instead, her main interest seems to be finding men for her friends. She persuaded her friend Harriet to retire a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, and to believe that Harriet had her sights on the ambitious minister, Mr. Elton, must settle. However, this scheme is disastrously wrong, as Elton has no interest in Harriet but fell in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his suggestion makes him wonder why she is so keen to meet her friend with a man she regards as good reason as a suitable spouse for herself. It's a Jane Austen plot, and Emma seems to be less of a dedicated spider than she looks, and she also finds herself falling in love and leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Today in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite being only a year younger, he was not internationally known as Gwyneth Paltrow. However, she is as convincing as Austen's well-intentioned, but often unfair, heroine. Beckinsale apparently had a gift for classic roles - she made a wonderful hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Many Ado About Nothing". And sometimes I find that Hollywood would get more suitable roles for her rather than wasting her in turkeys. "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I chose Jeremy Northam for Mark Strong as Emma's love affair, Mr. Knightley, mainly because he came closer to my own perception of the character as a gentleman, chivalrous older man, in some ways more from a father figure to Emma as a lover. (She's probably meant to indicate his gentleman-nature-nineteenth-century gentlemen, who like to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their extensive chain codes). Strongly tends to write down the question of age difference (he is 37, she 21) and makes Knightley more of a passionate lover and less of a wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress going on bigger things) might be closer to the Harriet of the novel than Toni Collette was. <br /> <br /> It was the smaller scale of the two versions made for television rather than the theater, and the sets and costumes look less elaborate and there are fewer names under the cast. However, costume drama is generally something British television does well, and this version certainly holds its own with the cinema version; Both are entertaining and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 10/07
