Many critics felt that R.W. Fassbinder depicted both protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this movie in a human way. Connoisseurs from other Fassbinder films will realize, however, that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "women movies" such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than men", because according to Fassbinder, while men usually fulfill their roles in society, women can think in a dialectical way. Dialectics, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis as usual in our black and white world, but a synthesis where the opposition coincides. Furthermore, dialectics means that because of the third case of synthesis, the absolute opposition to the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished. Specifically, depicting from a dialectical point of view and the fascist state, the underground fighters must necessarily use the basic means as the rulers do and between offenders and victims there is a chiastic relationship so that every offender is also a victim and every victim is also offender. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract scheme that exceeds classical logic, in his play "The City, the Garbage and the Death" (1975) filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> Therefore, the portrayal of this time in the form of a movie becomes even more controversial, especially for people who cannot or will not see it, approaching controversial issues, such as Nazi Germany, dialectically . Recognition of the world is by no means exhausted with a primitive light switch scheme, but requires the third instance of synthesis as a control example of its opposite members thesis and antithesis. The interrelationships between offenders and victims should be reviewed as it is simply not true that the perpetrators are the bad and the good ones. In a synthetic view, the bad part takes on the goodness, as the good people participate in the bad. They are mutually related. In a worldview based on classical logic, a good-to-bad relationship cannot even be established, and in an ethics based on this inadequate system of logic, the bad conscience of Nazi survivors is Germany, which is illegal enough for the actions of their ancestors, excludes the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form of a new evaluation, which is also based on this relationship. From Fassbinder's dialectical point of view, Lili Marleen, Lola or Maria Braun cannot be condemned for their "abuse" of the legal system for their private purposes, because they do not abuse it, they only use it. In the opposite, since the victims must repeat the actions of the offenders as the offenders must repeat the actions of the victims because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images, as in two valued logic, their strategies become characterized by the chiastic structure of a logic that our world describes, it is not black and white at all, much better than a black and white logic.
