Rumors have it that around the time that ABBA ?? the multi-award winning Swedish disco favorite? His star reached its peak, the band became disillusioned with the singing in English and longed to perform in their mother tongue. Shortly afterwards, problems arose in the once-off wedlock waterproof partnership and surveys became less and less frequent. The band disbanded in 1982, although it was not official, and lost one of its most famous artists. Although they have never admitted that there is any truth in these rumors, the fact that ABBA would never have been so successful if they only recorded in their mother tongue. If you want to appeal to the largest money market media market in the world, you need to make provision for English-speaking audiences. <br /> <br /> It is amazing to me how such a small island is a stone's throw. away from the European continent, perhaps the most recognized but not the most outspoken language in the world could have been created. Everyone speaks a little English; whether it's just "hello" or a common swear word - you'll find an English speaker almost everywhere. Of course, Pedro Galindo did not agree because Trampa Infernal was never subtitled for global consumption until recently released on the budget DVD. It's a real shame because it's actually a decent treasure movie that is much better than many of its English-speaking genre compatriots. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in the somewhat unknown area of ​​a pistol-duel. Two unidentified characters are shown looking for a dilapidated complex looking out for the inevitable final suspension. After a few tensions and some nearby missions, one of the pistols came to victory. Next we learn that they are just paintball guns and the two rivals are actually youngsters from the local town. Nacho and Mauricio are the strongest opponents and Mauricio always tries to prove himself better than his gentle opponent, but from now on he hasn't succeeded. <br /> <br /> Later that night, while the winning gunslinger celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his friend Charly, Mauricio goes into the bar and says he has one final challenge for his glorious nemesis. He says it will be the competition that will once and for all prove to the town that deserves the utmost respect. Nacho is hesitant at first because Alejandra has warned him of the dangers of constant competitiveness, but eventually gives weight to peer pressure and agrees. much of the death of his morally better partner. <br /> <br /> They are planning to go to the remote region of Filo de Caballo, as recent press coverage reported that many people were slaughtered by local residents believing to be an evil bear. Mauricio suggests that anyone who kills the animal can be regarded as the greatest, and he also promises to be the last battle he will pay against his opponent. After visiting the weapon to pick up and ignore weapons The warnings of the elderly shopkeeper led the group to the remote forest of the secluded forest. Hunters are hunted because they learn that the "bear" is actually a Vietnam killer who has not yet known that the war has ended and that all people are regarded as his enemy. What starts out as a competitive adventure is suddenly a struggle for survival as they are beaten and beaten by the malicious assassin. <br /> <br /> I picked up Trampa while studying in Madrid for a Mexican student living in the hostel next year. Through me. I remember the copy I watched was faulty and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the final credits rolled, which meant I never had to see the final scenes. Fortunately, I recently received the Budget DVD on Amazon and added it to my collection immediately. <br /> <br /> Gallindo's shooter is a surprisingly good effort that sticks out of his skillful and enthusiastic plot, which seeks to cover areas that are not usually approached by shelter films. It's actually so good that it reminds me of more than one occasion by the Arnold Schwarzenegger classic Predator. It's especially evident in the scenes that show the sharp masked assassin running through the bush and bumping the panic-stricken troops as they struggle to escape the maniac's playground. <br /> <br /> Despite Gallindo's obvious awareness of genre platitudes (the boeyman even uses a claw finger gloves and la Freddy Kruegar); Trampa also tries to add something other than the standard template. While the majority of the runtime plays through the concrete rules of the category, the last third repeats a significant step in individuality as the mania arm itself with a machine gun and lures the hero for his last game. From here on, the film quickly changes genres and it almost becomes an action movie, which, depending on your taste, will make you excited or disappointed. The last shooter who wanted to cross the two styles was the eighty-year-old entry 'The Majorettes', which is not necessarily a good thing. <br /> <br /> As with many Latin films (especially Spanish movie by Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa has a subtle undercurrent of a moral to his story, which is successfully conveyed without being rushed to the viewer's throat . About the temptations of competitive masculinity, and you may not always be the winner. It is a sugar-coated tip, but it is delicately handled not to compromise the fun of the feature. <br /> <br /> Trampa can be cheese but it deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the better slashers. The murderer looks good in spooky army expressions and white valentine mask and the attempts at originality only work. It may lack the gore that most sincere horror fans enjoy, but it has enough in terms of tension and creativity to justify at least one show.
