Posted by MGM on the same sets as the English version, but in German Garbo's second depiction of "Anna Christie" benefited from the practice and her apparent ease with the German dialogue. Garbo looks more relaxed and, of course, under Jacques Feyder's direction as under Clarence Brown's, and her silent movie disappeared, completing her transition to sound. The power she has brought to character remains here, although it is softened, and Garbo reveals more of Anna's vulnerability. The whole cast, with the exception of Garbo, differs from the previous version of the movie, and Garbo takes advantage of not competing with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene she was in the English version. In Feyder's film, Garbo is the center of attention, although the three supporting players, especially the father, donated excellent performances. <br /> <br /> Feyder's direction was more assured than Clarence Brown, and his use of the camera and editing techniques did not seem as limited by the new sound process as Brown's. The film moves with more fluidity than the English language adaptation, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced by a flow of viewing interest. Even William Daniels's cinematography seems to be improving due to his filming of the Brown version. He captured Garbo's luminescence and the atmosphere of the docks with style. The screenplay adaptation for the European audience has also made the beginning of Anna's profession very clear. The explicit evidence brightened for viewers who were unfamiliar with the play that was only implicated in the Brown filming. However, the film was made before the production code was introduced, which made the censorship mystery. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Oscar nomination for Anna Christie has always been somewhat mysterious and I suspect that she is nodding more in recognition of her relatively smooth transition to sound films than to her performance. However, some of the academy voters saw the German-language version of the film, and they realized, like current viewers, that her "Anna Christie" under Feyder's direction was definitely Oscar.
