Fragile Carne, just before his big time. Although sometimes hesitant and hit by long-suffering, HOTEL DU NORD is full of faded charm and beauty typical of French late 1930's movies, as well as a relatively light touch that is unusual with this director. All his great virtues are here: the cramped interiors broken up by gliding, complex, nice camera movements; a melancholic deployment of light and shadow; remarkable, capricious sets by Alexander Trauner, which is so enticing that, as the title suggests, they adopt a formative personality of their own; the quiet, sad music of Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly accidental plot of romance, tragedy and fatalism that casts a nose over his characters; extraordinary performances by some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the movie's biggest failure, and I find myself surprised (like someone who usually didactically reduces his importance) to admit it, is his writing. It has a lot of white and poignancy, but without the poetry and irony, regular Carne colleague Jacques Prevert brought to their best films. It cannot be avoided entering the stone (even if it is only cliché in afterwards). <br /> <br /> The film captures its opening idea of ​​community in the boarding house, with two connected stories of damned love and emotional, metaphysical and real isolation. The doomed love change is the one that works the least well. Annabella is very nice, but not very good at doing tragically, while Aumont's recklessness, brilliantly applicable, though possible, by its nature lapses any real, feeling, romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it difficult to sympathize with a couple, so young, so attractive, which after a few months is so desperate that they have to shoot each other. Their high-flying lines are also ashamed. Of course, this matter is not supposed to be probable - they are symbolic of youth, hope and possibility are wasted in France or perhaps France itself, desperately, resigns and waits for death. For symbols to be really powerful, they have to convince on a narrative level, what I feel they are not quite here. <br /> <br /> Saving this plot is related to the story of M. Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we learn it gradually, he is a murderer in the hiding. He lives out of the prostitute who was played by Arletty while he was in his accomplices. In his previous 'role' - and the theatricality of his position is essential - he had one set of attributes; In the hiding, he adopted their full opposite. He lives a very purposeless life, he is deeply shaken by the love pact and becomes fatalistic and realizes the folly of deceiving death. <br /> <br /> In this way - the admission that man is less than a person as a collection of signs, and death is an inevitable reality, the most powerful masculinity must be succumbed. Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception, he briefly gives hope, an error that only strengthens - if it is not too much of an unbearable irony - its fatal solution. <br /> <br /> All this could have been if it wasn't. the truly amazing show by Louis Jouvet. I studied his theatrical work at college, but it was my first taste of scholars and he revealed himself to be worthy of the big ones - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - who played a quiet nobility give what is more of a conception (he is of course also allegorical) as a real person. Edmond starts the film as a small supportive character, but comes out as a tragic hero of some sort. Like all the great actors, Jouvet's shine lies in what he conceals. <br /> <br /> At a formal level, surprised Carne's grab, ten years before she thrives, some of the great Hollywood melodramas of Sirk, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theater lacks the fluidity and beauty of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (look at the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style suits his theme - that of clogging, paralysis, resignation. <br /> <br /> The movie's main motif is that of water - the credits float and decompose, the hotel stands at a waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river of possibility, we have a canal, stagnant and man-made, nowhere. The movie begins when it ends, and the setting never changes, except for a brief interlude from which both escapes are doomed to return. Characters can only escape death - their emphasis is emphasized by the narrow rooms they occupy, the walls and frames they hold in exile, the windows that look out for an escape they can never reach. Any hope at the end, therefore, is deeply, if romantic, compromised.
