After Garbo's launch of Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder made a German version of the movie where all the cast, except for Garbo, was different. While the US version is even more available in the US and most of the American viewers have seen this version, the Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to be viewed in Europe. As I have seen both films, I feel the right to compare the two meticulous productions. Is Jacques Feyder's movie different? Is it better than Clarence Brown's? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I first want to focus on what the two movies share. They have identical sets, very similar scripts and the same chronologically presented scenes. Here you will also find the story of the young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and tries to start a new life. Here you also have the humorous, but a little shorter order in the amusement park. However, when I emphasize Garbo, I address the first difference. She didn't seem to cause such curiosity while she was talking. The viewer concentrates more on her acting than on the way she speaks, which probably took place until 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good at American film and she is also very good here. Yet it seems even more authentic to her in the German version. It is striking that Garbo does not focus on the way she says the words so much (the effort artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). Her German is not very well spoken; but nobody cares: everything is perfectly understood. Therefore, I can easily say the same if I did in my American version comment: Scale Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in one very important matter: the rest of the role. Here's the question: what portrayal looks more fascinating, which one is surely better? The differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not do the same job as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. She is not bad, she is different, sometimes outdated (from today's perspective), but is no longer as real in the role of Marie Dressler as we are still amusing and whose moments have definitely been a test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the movie and that opinion is of course doubtful, carries truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic than Matt as Charles Bickford, but when applied to him it is not so important that the performance looks as good as the mater of. <br /> <br /> Who shines in the German Anna Christie, who's best attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's dad. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a day off night. Junkermann portrays a real alcoholic addict, a man of hope, with fears, overdoing the care of his daughter. The play of Anna's first encounter with her father is truly wonderful. The opening moment of Chris's conversation with Marthy is unforgettable, especially because of his facial expressions and flawless performance. Junkermann is the Chris you love, whoever you laugh at, who you sympathize with, leaving a picture of a calm alcoholic sailor in your mind. Great! <br /> <br /> If you saw the American "Anna Christie" and get the chance to get the German version, I would highly recommend this movie because it is a slightly different look at the story, a nice and accurate way of comparing, a fine enrichment of Clarence Brown's movie and, in particular, a wonderful opportunity to discover a miracle of performance: Hans Junkermann. Scale or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
