Master director Ching Siu Tung's perhaps most popular achievement is this series, a Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story stars Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend a night during his "rally" in a mysterious castle in which some strange old warriors fight and meet him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost living in the castle and is under the rule of one mighty devil, a wooden devil who collects herself / herself with the help of her gorgeous ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although ghosts are not allowed to live with people, they decide to break that rule and live happily for the rest of their lives. It's not what the devil thinks and we have to fight our protagonists for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie is no less full of magic than other movies by Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which have incredible visual and kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, illuminated by the strong presence of beautiful and benevolent ghost. The effects are simply breathing and will work on their greatest power in the big screen. The camera moves all the time and turns it on and adds to the fairy-tale atmosphere that this movie has. There are also many wire'fu stunts, and while some think they are and look smooth or silly when used in movies, I disagree and think they give motions the kind of magic, freedom and creativity that any other instrument cannot don't give up. . When people fly in this movie, it means that the movies are not just about our world and they usually portray bigger things than life with the power of this greater than life art form. <br /> <br /> The story of the power of love is quite touching and hot, but the problem is (again) that the characters are too little and sometimes inexplicably acting. Leslie and Joey had to be written with greater care and their characters had to be even more warm, deep and sincere to give the story more power and to make the film even more significant and important. Also, the message of love and power is underlined far too much at one point and it only had to be left to the seer's mind to interpret and be found. Another negative point about the dialogue is that it is too much to talk to people without reason. It is very annoying and unfortunately shows the mistakes that many writers use to write their films. People just talk and talk and it's all there to understand everything as easily as possible and that's why the movie isn't too challenging or credible, as it has this free element. Just think of the films of Japanese film maker Takeshi Kitano; his movies have very little dialogue and everything there is is all that is needed, as he tells other things about the cinema and never speaks, or other characters talk too much in his movies. It's just the talent the writers need to write larger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is a beautiful and visually stunning piece of Oriental theater, and also the song in the movie is very beautiful and hopefully awards in the Hong Kong film will be awarded back then. I give Chinese Spirit Story 7/10 and without the errors mentioned above it will no doubt be almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
