I just saw this great good-natured parody of Night of the Living Dead, and I have to say it was so terrible and so thin it was excellent. This movie included all the antique and scenic scenes that include the original cemetery, the supposedly abandoned house, the basement and the front lawn. What I especially love about this movie is the comical use of bread and all the common household enemies have a grudge against. Let us know that toasters, toaster ovens and zippers have done bread for twelve times and now we need to ask for help to defeat the resuscitated bread. Apart from the inexpensive acting, this short horror movie is my personal favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than the Night of the Living Dead of 1990. <br /> <br /> I think what makes it a Worth watching film is how writers and directors used the original movie dialogue and turned it into bread, including how to recreate the bread and avoid relics because it is especially dangerous. Another good reason I love this movie is that there is no exception to what bread is bad, bagels are evil and even the community is angry, which is through a hilarious scene with a new author and a rather monotonous priest is demonstrated. I think the actors are especially humorous who are attacked by capricious attacks by slices of bread (ie the car scene). I think the end is worth trying. <br /> <br /> Although it is a short and that "Night of the day of the dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Second Coming of Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of Evil, Mutant, Alien, Meat eat, hellbound, zombified living dead part 2: in shocking 2-d "is quite a big parody, it's still recommended as a great horror parody done by, which seems to be college filmmakers. I recommend this movie to anyone who can enjoy the night of the living and still have respect for the filmmakers. I would also recommend this movie to anyone who loves D movies and horror parody. It's just a great, short, short horror movie that is fun to watch and learn.
