Joan Fontaine here is quite convincing as an amoral beauty who is totally incapable of feeling love for anyone other than herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his folly and her excesses, and they are reduced to staying in a small room, with little or no prospect. They continue to wear the most beautiful clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing was wrong. He is a beautiful, fearless but perfect friend. However, Fontaine decides that he should go, since he has survived his utility. So she decides to poison him when she realizes he doesn't want to divorce her, so she can continue. In the meantime, she had a lover (Patric Knowles) who decides to drop because he is not rich. She meets the aging Herbert Marshall, with a yacht with all the decorations and more money than even Fontaine can figure out how to spend. She aimed him and decided he would do well. He is too eager to be absorbed by the young beauty. He is definitely not very exciting and has about as many sex appeal as yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those gals who only has eyes for money, and the man stands between her and it is transparent so she doesn't even notice or care about what he looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and go for it. She continues to poison her husband and sends him very neatly and satisfactorily so that everything goes well. But as always happens in the movies and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the tension rises so Fontaine starts to sweat. Fontaine is exceptionally good at looking angry and horrible and if the net starts to close on her, her rising sense of despair is visible and we have our side on the seats. Hysteria and fear of taking cool calculations and crap. But she finds a fetcher for her crime in the person of her detached lover, who is an innocent victim of her scheme to set him up. He was sentenced to death for murder, because the man's death by poison came unexpectedly revealed. But Mr Cedric Hardwicke, who plays a grim determined Scottish garden inspector, thinks there might be something wrong, and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. He joins her, and some of the scenes as it does, are inspired depictions of the wildest panic. But will the life of the innocent be saved before being executed? Will Fontaine get her out of this one worm? Will Herbert Marshall protect her from protecting his embarrassment? This film is expertly directed by Sam Wood, and the film is a wonderful thriller I qualify for the description of a superior film noir.
