The Sea is Watching was an interesting movie experience. First, the overall feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Every frame was a picture of something inside, something very focused and not part of a bigger picture. It was clear what we had to look at in each frame. The physicality of the set itself contributed to the feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights along the middle of the road cut the road in half, and the small gate to the small settlement followed by the small and small cubes that served as the institutions that made up the whole town. Even the view of the ocean was replenished by a small landing, after which the number of longer grass blowing in the wind can count. No panoramic views. In fact, it reminded me of the Montmarte series Moulin Rouge where the camera focuses sharply in the windmill, which again creates a feeling of a small area where everything is happening. <br /> <br /> While the play was sensible, I thought I really couldn't distinguish how the lines were actually delivered, I felt that the action was too melodramatic and nonsense. Why would Kikuno continue the way she did when Fusanosuke announced his upcoming marriage, didn't really come true? people did not change so much, and the character Kikuno was so strong and resilient that even though they were not accepting O-shin's business for nothing, the response was out of character and unnecessary and distracting. Another example of strange acting was when Kikuno's drunken boyfriend arrived and Ryosuke decided to intervene and pushed down the stairs, the way he got up and came impending on the stairs and the subsequent battle outside. reeds were simply unsatisfactory. It wasn't that I like fighting scenes? au contraire ?? but it was a bit quiet and too dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, while it wasn't a beautiful movie to watch, it gave an interesting look at the darker side of prostitution (as opposed to the geisha). Unfortunately, it may be our expectations of rude women (the "treasure, I will give you a deal" comments supported by the overarching actions) and have seriously doubted whether indeed 19th-century prostitutes really acted so. But inside the house, the inner work has become the most interesting, lively and real, and has a scenario I never expected or imagined in my romantic view of Japan in the 19th century.
