'Umi wa miteta' was Akira Kurasawa's swansong to film: his adaptation of his favorite story writer Shugoro Yamamoto's story in a screenplay he intended to film was his final point he left on a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays tribute to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation of word to image. <br /> <br /> In the 19th century, the lives of the women of a Geisha house are being investigated for the sole purpose of Life is to earn money from pleasing men. The house is run by an elderly couple who are careful and the geishas are a captivating group of women who know their business and have pride in their careers. Everyone has a reason to turn to the life of geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family who lives in a neighboring town, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has clients both good and evil that she manages to maintain with her stories of her higher cupboards. Oshin befriends an endangered samurai, falls in love with the gentle fellow, only to find that he should not marry his caste and leave his old with Oshin to marry his promised fiancé. Oshin's heart bruises easily, but is always supported emotionally and physically / monetary by Kikuno and the other geyser. <br /> <br /> A beautiful Samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops the first trusted and dedicated relationship with her. Kikuno is in trouble and decides to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and deal with a rich but abusive client. All the time watching the sea and as a typhoon the geisha house and street destroys, Oshin and Kikuno sit on the roof waiting for the promised rescue by Ryosuke. The way the story ends is one of sacrifice, love and dedication. The sea looks and will get protection for true love. <br /> <br /> Photography by Kazuo Okuhara is breathtakingly beautiful: night tones with glowing lanterns and colorful geisha interiors resemble repetitive ocean glimpses, calm and turbulent. . The acting is a bit tense for Edo art, but the characters are well created and keep the story credible. The one distraction that definitely does NOT condone Kurosawa is the tough Western music party that sounds like cheap soap opera stuffing, except for the isolated moments when true Japanese music boasts authentic instruments. But in the end, there is plenty of Kurosawa's influence to enter this movie with its brand-alarming wonder that will always maintain its importance on world cinema. Grady Harp
