Agh, yes, the all-star blockbuster. Take such a concept, put it in a screenplay and download it with every freakin 'special effect that the wizards of Hollyweird can generate, then pick up the usual suspects: warm up, will-and-never-wuzzes, and keep everything in ensemble roles of different sizes for the unforgivable eyes of the cameras. And hope to see some of them not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Allow the bishops of Box Office to eventually apply the concept to horror movies, as was the case with the post-exorcist thriller DIE SENTINEL. Novice writer Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try a one-up Ira Levin's ROSEMARY'S BABY scenario of creepy (and ultimately satanic) neighbors in a brownstone of New York. The result was a controversial bestseller who claimed some had been placed on the plagiarism, and an equally controversial, top-heavy / star-loaded vehicle written by Michael Winner's death winner Michael Winner, but for very unpleasant reasons . <Br /> <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays successful model Alison Parker, which is almost over-emphasized and overworked. (I won't pay too much. "I think she's a model, so it will be superfluous.) Not just through her 24/7 schedule, also by her urgent" wil-get-married-right- NOW 'boyfriend Michael (Chris Sarandon of DAY AFTERNOON and the classic SOB.IG movie LIPSTICK). One of the ways in which she decides to get away from it is to move to her own place. a big, beautiful brown stone in Manhattan, which she is able to get dirty cheaply (it had to be the BIG red flag - cheap real estate in New York!), of the mysterious accommodating broker, Miss Logan (Golden Age veterinarians Ava Gardner, fresh from the storm drains in EARTHQUAKE.) <br /> <br /> Things look good above the first, but ah, yes ... then the noises and the harsh hills of the apartment are over night. And what about the VERY strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a very early Beverly D'Angelo), the nice "single friends" (read: lesbians) who live together, and friendly, old gentleman Charles Chazen Burgess Meredith) , who may be a little too worried about Alison's well-being? And it's not to mention other assorted squirrel residences. You will never hear the phrase "black and white cat, black and white cake" without loading milk through your nose and vomiting at the same time.) Especially the old blind priest in the penthouse ... Things start really downhill when " A seemingly charged nightmare of Alison morphs in a Greek murder, in one of the movie's most underwear-free crowds, and Alison and Alison Michael, with the help of Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), are beginning to take the piece revealing the brown stone's dark origins, as well as the murderous agenda of its other world dwellers, not to mention Alison's connection with them. As it turns out, everything happens to be coincidental. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing controversial about the overstuffed cast, every actor of diverse genres seems to be looking for work right now, (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, MartinBalsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine , and even early appearances by Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) The winner and the company went back to the bombastic basics and drew a "Tod Browning" ... through the lives of physically challenged actors in the SENTINEL's climactic all-in-one-to-hell sequence to appear, which I think any exile director would do, not to allow himself to obtain Linda Blair and a case of green pea soup. It definitely leaves you with arctic fingers playing your spinal cord like a siter, to know this juicy little bit of information as you look. And it contains a technique that the filmmakers have just recently started to return: live-on-make-up and special effects that do not involve CGI (which didn't quite exist). <br /> <br /> The SENTINEL has that fast-paced, late-seventies cheese factor, but can distinguish it from time to time with a few gas-inducing moments like the one mentioned above, not to mention the disgusting sense of fear that horror writers find it easy to play, from isolation and things that stumble and frighten at night. After all, who lived one-in-the-city did not lie in bed in the dark and listen attentively to the sounds of their HOPE, "settle the building?" <br /> <br /> Konvitz succeeded THE SENTINEL with an inevitable successor, THE GUARDIAN (not confused with the William Friedkin supernatural thriller namesake), which was never adapted to the screen. = sigh of relief =
