This horror movie, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from a lack of production and bumpy, amateurism, but it is strange. Unlike scarecrows like The Exorcist, this movie takes the viewer on a slow but relentless dip in a pool of evil. It drifts into horror, which appears to the audience with the same dreamlike inertia as it appears to the poor girl who was unknowingly chosen to be the next girlfriend. Her designated task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent outbreaks of evil from the world. It falls to her in reconciliation for her suicide attempts earlier in her life. <br /> <br /> The story is true to the book, which sounds, but the way it is changed can lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot that are shaved away and never explained satisfactorily, which hurts this movie. It's a pity. The Sentinel is not a flash of your chair; It is more uncomfortable to watch and watch. Like a bad car wreck, there is a compulsion to watch even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not bad, and still has a capacity to shock. <br /> <br /> The film was competent. Christina Raines was fascinating as Alison, the vulnerable girl under spiritual attack from both sides, a pawn in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as her caring but eventually self-centered boyfriend. Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detectives who struggle to unravel the bizarre puzzle they have been handed over. Ava Gardner is elegant as the broker unaware of the horrors in her rental home. The old old John Carradine, with his arthritis-twisted hands, is excellent as the dying man to be replaced. The devil is played to beautiful perfection by Burgess Meredith; He is so sweet and yet so angry. There are future stars hidden in this movie: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach plays successfully against kind as a rough television director. The hellish souls at the end are portrayed by real sideshow freaks and geeks. Whoever thought this was a twisted but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> The horror that the film penetrates unexpectedly blows up, as Alison opens a door and finds something that has a backlash when she found her father with his two whores. She revives her first attempt at suicide, sees some strange dysfunctional lesbians, and sees a cat cut like a cake. She goes back and forth again through reality and fantasy, through dreams and awake nightmares, all the time not the means to deal with. In truth, the devil tries her foolishly enough to kill herself before she becomes the next friend. Will he succeed ...? In summary, slowly moving, but indescribably creepy, well-behaved but poorly directed, and a typical 70's horror movie before the real shockers are cut loose. (No word intended). This movie can't work for those with a short attention span, but it can still send shakes on the spine, and can still provide a low key shock value. It remains a strangely compelling and entertaining plunge into the realm of evil.
