This is one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich, classic production that offers an excellent movie of ensemble actors, beautiful on-location cinematography, ghostly music counting, an intelligent and new plot theme and an atmosphere of anxiety and threat. It is reminiscent of such classic films as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, in which young, vulnerable women find themselves in supernatural powers in ancient, creepy, macabre-built buildings. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a top model called New York City, Alison Parker. Her happy, outgoing extra-mural masks are a profound and upset soul. It is evident from the revelation that she had twice committed suicide in her past - once as a teenage girl after she went to bed with two women on her degenerate father and tore him a silver crucifix on her neck and raised it throw the floor, and the second time, after her married lawyer's wife allegedly committed suicide about the teachings of their relationship. While telling her beau (played by a pretty slim CHRIS SARANDON) that she should stay on her own for a year or more, she answers a newspaper ad for a fully furnished, spacious one bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights brownstone. This building is actually located on 10 Montague Terrace right next to the Brooklyn Heights Promenade of Remsen Street. The producers actually filmed in the building and its apartments and of course paid the residents for their inconvenience. The estate agent, a girl. Logan (AVA GARDNER) looks very interested in the fact that Alison is taking the apartment - an interest not only due to the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when she quickly drops the rental price from $ 500.00 a month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and after she has the building with me. Logan left, watching an elderly man sitting and apparently staring at her from the top floor window. Miss. Logan identifies the man to her as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's response is very logical. "Blind? What then does he look at?" Alison meets some of the other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, offering Alison an uncomfortable welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being begins to deteriorate quickly and she is plagued by dividing headaches and weakening disabilities. When she concerns her. Logan over her sleep disturbs on a nightly basis by coming up with sounding metal and hard footsteps out of the apartment directly over her, his dumbstruck to teach it, apart from the blind priest and now, no one has lived in that building for the past three years. The one day summons the courage to confront her nightly tormentor, she arms herself with a butcher's knife and a flashlight and goes upstairs. She is confronted with the cancer-rotting ghost of her dead father and uses the knife on him in self-defense when he comes after her. Police are investigating and finding no sign of violence in that apartment - no corpse, no blood. Yet Alison fled the building and collapsed in the street, as evidenced by blood. But there is no mark on her. What Alison does not realize until the film's denial is that she has a purpose in that brownstone. She was there for a reason - a reason whose origin dates back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and of the angel Uriel who was placed at his door to guard it from the devil. She is unknowingly prepared and prepared by the Catholic Church to take on an important role - one that will ensure that her soul, condemned for her two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors looking more than just strange beads have another agenda for her. It is a capable and intelligent film and one that surprisingly depicts the church and its representatives in a mostly sympathetic light.
