I'm not sure why this little movie was banned in obscurity, despite some dull folly; The Sentinel is a clever and resourceful horror movie that gives most of the highly-priced ghost stories of today more than a run for their money. Michael Winner has often acknowledged that he is not the best director of all time, and this film appears on several occasions; But it has to be said that the film works in spite of the uninspired direction, and the fact that Winner somehow managed to win a wonderful talent show. The plot is rich in mystery, and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her hunt for an apartment. She finds that she can't afford to look at most properties, but thinks her luck has changed if she finds a fully furnished apartment for an affordable price. Her problems started soon after they moved in, because she didn't like much of her neighbors ... and this problem rises when the real estate agent tells her she has only one neighbor; An elderly blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The cast list is really great, with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines standing up a big support role. Chris Sarandon is a bit of wood in his role towards Raines, but small parts like John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, just to name a few as Sarandon's lifeless portrayal. Michael Winner does a great job with his central location, as the apartment block offers a creepy and macabre setting for the story. The movie is a bit slow to start, but it's never boring; And Michael Winner's script offers a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from the set-offs, which deserve praise. Like many similar, slow-burned horrors, this one does not go ahead of time for the treasure, but unlike many, the end is a definite highlight, since the winner is going to shock everything from the shoulder and as the rumor that he real man use peculiarities is true; I must say he does it very well! Overall, while this movie may be pure hokum, however you see it; The Sentinel is one of the better films of its kind, and it is definitely a major highlight for its director.
