Director / Writer Michael Winner's feature is a better-than-expected offbeat supernatural horror movie (though still shock efficiently provided), which is really going by unnoticed. Sure it can lend ideas of other similar theme horror movies of this era, but still manage to bring its own psychological imprint on the skirting material (of good to evil) and a unique vision that is a fair part of impressive expansions. , if somewhat exploiting sets. On the whole, it is sketchy, but remains intriguing by keeping an ominous charge without having to go with gangsters. In fact, there is always something between its busy framework, but it is quite played with its shock steering to soup patterns and atmospheric garments, to its sharply repulsive and creepy climax with a cunning revelation. Winner's dressed workmanship can feel pedestrian, but is it the ensemble role it really holds? as you try to see the faces. There is plenty too. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each one of them is dedicated, despite the ridiculous rough nature of it all. It's interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles. Beverly D'Angelo (also), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in bit. parts. Then you had a gentle-arranged Chris Sarandon and moving pretty Cristina Raines in the lead. José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy offer support. The writing throws many characters, as well as ideas, but becomes carelessly paved by squeezing it all. However, it favors the aerial work to address the suspicion and deception of reality. Is there a reason for all this, and why is it about Raines' character? The emphasis is mainly on that gentle angle, as it glows lightly from her inner lips and the strange / disturbing experiences she meets when she moves into her new apartment. That's where Winner tries to pull out the ominous shades, which work out some icy moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the huge, overwhelming orchestra party that never missed a sign and Richard C. Kratina's tools for versatile, extensive photography.
