Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge-themed films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but he is equally gifted as a director of the occult Horror movie, "The Sentinel" of 1977. " The Sentinel, based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the screenplay, is a clever and incredibly creepy religious chiller who should not consider an occult Horror lover. Of course, the film is inspired by successful occultic classics like Rosemary's Baby, The Exorcist or The Omen, but it's also so easy to worry about these more famous films, and probably even creepier. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young New York model. Traumatized by past events and not yet ready to marry her lawyer boyfriend (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for an apartment, and finds a great, incredibly nice one, which is also affordable in a old house in Brooklyn. However, the new apartment comes with a lot of strange other tenants. And the sinister new neighbors will soon be a little tricky for Alice. This may not be a sufficient summary of the plot, but I'd love to spoil some of this movie's wonderful moments. So I will give no further plot description. However, what I will say is that "The Sentinel" is a very creepy and effective film that benefits from a great role, as well as an often bizarre and constantly unpleasant atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here, certainly had an impact on the outcome. The film is imaginatively photographed, and the cute Brooklyn home is a fantastic setting for this kind of movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is unclear and creepy, and the film also features various shock moments and true scares. The film contains many sinister and eccentric characters, and the movie is wonderful. Beautiful Christina Raines is wonderful in her role of Allison Parker, loving and yet about to lose her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend, a successful attorney, and the supporting film includes very big names, such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before they really became known. The film also includes stars like Ava Gardner, Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and my personal favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical killer. I have long been a big fan of director Michael Winner, mostly for films like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is another great film in Winner's repertoire, and also the proof that the man is not only a master of hard-boiled revenge cinema, but also of atmospheric occult horror. All in all, "The Sentinel" is a creepy, intelligent and incredibly bizarre occult chiller that is highly recommended to all Horror fans!
