Sigh ?? I really wonder why all the well-known and suspected profound film critics are so resentful about director Michael Winner? Certainly, he is not the subtle avatar, because his films are almost always harsh and confrontational, but so what? They are very entertaining. For example, his best-known action films, such as the first three entries in the "Death Wish" series, are easy targets to complain about allegedly glorifying violence and personal use of shotguns, but even when Winner adopts much more adult movies genres ?? like the religious horrors of "The Sentinel", for example? He doesn't stand a chance with any of the critics. "The Sentinel" has generated some controversy and evoked several people when released. When it leaked, Michael Winner really threw deformed and disabled people to portray the creatures trying to cross the gates between hell and earth. The exact same controversy brought Todd's Browning's masterpiece and landmark into the horror movie "Freaks" to stay out and stay invisible for over thirty years! And why? Just because some people have insulted the wigs and easily offended people who shouldn't watch the movie in the first place, claiming to be an unethical thing to do? I don't think Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people on a firearm or forced them to appear in their movies, so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another important reason why critics did not warmly welcome the "Sentinel" is because Jeffrey Konvitz's novel ?? and so Michael Winner's script ?? is extremely derived from other contemporary but much more successful religious-themed horror stories and, therefore, according to the ruthless pens of horror critics, little more than sheer plagiarism. The "Sentinel" borrows multiple elements of "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's see, the movie of the 70's is largely thriving on stolen formulas and mimicking success stories. If you lose sight of the slightly inexorable concept and, in all honesty, a handful of thoroughly confusing and unnecessary subtypes, "The Sentinel", remain frankly a unique atmospheric and often just ravishing 70's horror highlight with an impressive ensemble molded and nightmarish imagery. Alison Parker, a surprising model with some unprocessed mental traumas, is moving in a beautiful brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deep against the will of her boyfriend Michael who suggested to marry her. a few times already. Alison's physical existence and especially her spiritual condition change soon afterwards and the ominous apartment seems to be the root of all misery. She meets eccentric neighbors and goes to birthday parties for their cats, although the landlady claims she and a blind priest are the only tenants. She often falls during her assignments and has really creepy visions of her bastard father and the night she committed suicide. It is becoming clear that Alison has been chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose in this apartment building, but at the same time malicious forces try to prevent it. It is really a pity that the promotional taglines and even brief summaries on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison's brownstone apartment is the earth's gateway to hell itself and she is the elect to protect it because the movie's Scripture only slowly builds upon this shocking revelation. For almost 75 minutes (and through some unfortunate boring and surviving sequences), Michael Winner holds the impression that Alison's own thoughts play with her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and her fiancé's strange behavior is strictly red herring. Many of the terrible scenes come very close to genius, such as Alison's jump back or her first acquaintance with the priest above. The whole highlight, with the controversial guest appearances mentioned above, is a literally confusing appearance of pure terror and easily one of the most memorable and nail-like denials I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> The cast Michael Winner managed to collect is deeply impressive, especially in view of "The Sentinel" remains a legitimate horror movie and this genre is not the most popular among prominent actors but of course you should also put the cast listing a little in perspective. Of course, with such an extensive role player, several of the roles in the film are little more than cameos. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, appear just a few minutes on the screen. Several others (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) add a lot of familiarity to the movie, but back when it was released, they were still too unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal choice for the best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as the unbelieving neighbor and Eli Wallach as the satirical police inspector. The relatively unknown Cristina Raines does a wonderful job with the movie and Chris Sarandon puts her back neatly, even though he plays a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully entertaining and frightening horror movie, and definitely a must-see for true genre fanatics.
