This is the first of a two-part story back to the conflict between the machines and humanity in the Matrix world. It delivers spectacular remarks by combining observations of man's fear of the unknown and of engaging politics, extensive religious and historical imagery, subverting expected depictions of concerned parties, and at least partially credible and thus frightening vision of our close future. It's not perfect, and some plot points and images are once obvious and confronted, but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visceral and prudent story. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and skilled robots, mostly humanoid, to serve people who are doing, unskilled jobs, labor, construction, etc. and so the people became lazy and become derogatory towards them. One robot, however, rebel and murdered his owner and declared at his subsequent trial that he simply didn't want to die. He is destroyed, but when the robotic mass's destruction is ordered to protect humanity, many robots are protesting, with many human sympathizers alongside them. <br /> <br /> The images here are exploding, telling racial riots and abuse, Tiananmen square, the holocaust and an exaggeratedly challenging scene of a robot in a human girl's cover to marry, pounded in the head and then shot dead, because it pleads "I'm really". it lies on the ground, clothes and skin torn and breasts hang out. it is a clear and obscure image designed to present human fear for uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this first part is much like a compressed version of the movie, I Robot, but it quickly develops into a recognizable Matrix story, as the surviving robot quota is wiped out and in the Middle East meets in the cradle of civilization as the narrator informs us. There, the machines are regrouped and begin to produce new AI and produce mass technology and trade with human nations. We see a commercial for a car that uses the circular energy-hover engines that use the ships of the rebels in the movies and we see the kind of robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their goods and operations make their economy scarce and adversely affect other economies, and human governments and governments react to a blockade. The machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve agreements to a UN Congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade, but they are being violently removed and the scene is seconded to the war. <br /> <br /> The animation is at Studio 4 ° C which works on quite a few of the Animatrix and it is tempting and visually stimulating. It delivers various scenes such as image displays, CCTV recordings and specific scenes of importing perfectly and perfectly presenting the story. the plot may not be an original concept and it can draw on simple sheep mentalities and plot models and lead to challenging material for impact, but to the seductive mystery presented by the first film, and Morpheus' vague brief information dumps is a beautiful outline of the disastrous events that ruined the world and in the hands of the machines serving as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and collaboration and the devastating effects of conflict and prejudice, themes being expanded in the movies.
