Small Spoilers <br /> <br /> Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is a successful top model who lives with his attorney Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in his flat. She had committed suicide twice in the past: the first time she was a teenager, her father had deceived her mother with two women in her home and then Michael's wife died. Since then she has left the church and the Catholic Church. Alison only wants to stay in her own apartment and with the help of the real state agent, Mrs. Logan (Ava Gardner), she finds a wonderful, furnished apartment in Brooklyn Heights for a reasonable rental. She saw a strange man in the window on the last floor of the building, and me. Logan says he is Father Francis Matthew Halloran (John Carradine), a blinded priest who lives alone, supported by the Catholic Church. Alison moves to her new place, and once she gets a visitor: her neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) welcomes her and introduces her new neighbors. Then he invites Alison to his cat Jezebel's birthday party at night. The next day, strange things happen to Alison in her apartment and to her health. Alison is looking for me. Logan and is informed that she lives alone with the priest in the building. A further investigation shows that all the people she knew in the party were dead criminals. Afraid of the situation, Alison embraces Christ again, while Michael examines the creepy events. Alison realizes she lives in the gateway to hell. <br /> <br /> Although underestimated in IMDb user rating, the Sentinel is one of the best horror movies ever. I watched this movie at least six times, the first time in the 70's, in the movie. On September 7, 2002, I bought the imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this movie again. Even after so many years, this movie is still great. The creepy and scary story scares even in today's days. The role-play is a constellation of stars and stars. You can see many actors and actresses, who have become known, in the beginning of the career. Fans of horror movie worship 'The Sentinel' and I'm one of them. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): A Sentinela dos Malditos (The Sentinel of the Damned) <br /> Note: On September 2, 2007 I saw this movie again .
