That was the first thing to keep in mind. I looked at the final credits to Europe that made it across the screen. I have never seen a film of such a technical genius in my entire life. The footage of Europe is so impressive that any movie I watch in the wake will just be pale in comparison, forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott hone Hollywood cinematography, Europe has more ethereal beauty than anything the two in a million years can build up. Now I will be the first to make Lars von Trier a genius, just from the back of his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but that's stupid, the fact that Europe has been noticed by film experts for so long. is a crime against cinema, while overshadowed garbage like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life are beautifully clean on the academy awards (but know the) Europe is hidden away, absent video stores and (until recently) any British TV channels. <br /> <br /> The footage in Europe is not MTV glamor; This is not a matter of style over fabric, it is more a case of dustproof style. Like his first film The Crime, Trier uses the main character's perspective to draw us into his world, and like Element, the main character film (or in the case of Europe, we hear) is being hypnotized. As we move the tracks, the narrator's voice (Max von Sydow) picks us up in a deep sleep until we wake up in Europe. It allows von Trier and his three cinematographers to pay with the time and image conventions. There are many scenes in Europe when a character in the background, in black and white, will communicate with a person in the foreground who will be color, von Trier tries to show us how much priority the colored item or person over the plot For example, it is no surprise that Leopold Kessler's first shot (Jean-Marc Barr) is in color, as he is the only character whose performance has superiority over the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not be the same as the performances of later von Trier movies, but that's just because the images are sometimes so distracting that you don't really get them the first time does not add up. round. But I would like to mention the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead, whose blind idealism slowly warns through the two opposing sides until it ends in the film's final act. Again, like the Element of Crime, the movie ends with the hero who is unable to wake up from his nightmare condition, in this terrible place, with the continued narration of von Sydow to seal his fate. Europe is a tremendous movie, and I can't help thinking what a shame that von Trier has left this filming, because he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors at the time, Europe, just like the rest of his movie gun is filled with a wealth of iconic scenes. His commitment to composition and mise-and-scene is unmatched, not to mention his use of sound and production design. But since its no-frills melodramas, it seems to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, then what can argue, but it does seem like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
