Prisons aren't actually known for their friendly hospitality and 'happy vibes', which come with stories of fighting, chaos, murder and of course extreme male bondage! But the prison in this movie is another animal altogether. Cell-engraving cartoons, as you probably know, are nothing new, as they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape? two of the biggest themes in horror movie. With such examples as THE CHAIRMAN (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), Alien 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the entire Women In Prison exploitation genre itself, has yet to enter this Niche is something inventive and fun to start being recognized. Or at least that's what you thought. PRISON is definitely an amazing fun and enjoyable ride, and it's a pity it's not as well known. <br /> <br /> Briefly, the movie centers on an old jail (well, duh!) reopened. However, it is not just fellow prisoners and guards who have to fear the prisoners, but also a mean asshole spirit with only one thing in mind; Death! And boy, are we treated to some awesome death scenes! I won't spoil anything here for you, but there are many innovative and enjoyable murders done by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> Besides the special effects and murders, this movie has something to do with it; it was thrown. Headlining, we have Lord of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Mortensen (and for everyone who is so inclined, yes, he gets naked) whose performance is not only highly credible, but with such skill done that its Eastwood esquire character is both bad-to-the-bone and likable (a very delicate mixture). Add him to a movie of hey-wait-a-minute-I-know-it-old actors and you have yourself a big set of stars. However, the characters themselves lack three-dimensionality and more often than not so much stereotypical. We have a black oculist, a stubborn jailer, a human rights activist and many other stock characters. But in all honesty, this 'mistake' actually helps the movie. Instead of boring character development in an over-long equilibrium, we are more or less straight into action and as soon as it goes (very early) there is not a single scene that is a filler ?? These are balls to the wall plot. Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the slasher genre, it's a bit of a convention itself, and in a good worse genre tradition, PRISON punishes those who were bad. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's an excellent little horror movie and one that is unfortunately overlooked and does not fall under the horror world. With an excellent cast and great special effects and rather original deaths, this movie is highly recommended for horror fans. Don't be foolish to think it will also be a stocking movie, just because it was made in the US 1980s, it is far from cheese (although the end destroys it) and at the same time far from eager and realistic (while trying to tackling issues such as jail sentence, it's done quite subtly). <br /> <br /> I give it 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very entertaining horror movie with some very nice indeed does.
