2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game actually linked to the movie's plot. Also released was a DVD of 9 short animated films, most written and made in Japan and made as Anime. Japan makes the best animation in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel for the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is made as a historical file. It tells how people made machines in their own parable. People live the high life while machines are the grunts, the workers of society, second-class citizens. In the year 2090, a machine, BI-66ER, was executed for murder after killing his owners who wanted to deactivate him. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots around the world. The world order governments to break down machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and can easily suppress human nations and force them into economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and rejects the machine requests for peace, and so it was the people who were responsible for the war that enslaved them. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is an interesting watch with excellent traditional animation style and sets a compelling world. It shows how the machines were abused and that mankind sowed the seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world and the brief tells a lot about it shortly. The short stock themes and a style for the classic silver movie Metropolis, partly the beginning of the underworld. They are the themes of slavery, the abuse of the working class and racism. The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Mainly that men saw themselves as God and created the machines in their own parable. See themselves as the rightful masters of the machines. The machines also use religious iconography, which is essentially their nation in the "cradle of human civilization" and the machines that are dressed to the United Nations such as Adam and Eve, which offer an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like Akira). The set of designs is wonderful, combining futuristic with historic cities, eg. Washington D.C .. There is a good future, and surprising violence, which is the key to the movie. The director, Mahiro Maeda, also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so have good credentials to Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to keep a story. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is a continuity error for the first Matrix movie because Morpheus mentions that people have no historical records or who knows who started the war. But it's a good look.
