The adventures of Barry McKenzie started life as a satirical cartoon in Private Eye, written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea by Peter Cook. McKenzie ("Bazza" to his friends) is a clumsy, loud, bearded Australian whose two biggest interests in life are sex (though never had) and Fosters lower. In 1972, he first appeared on the big screen. It had to have been Humphries's temptation to throw himself as 'Bazza', but he left the job for Barry Crocker (later sang the theme to the television show opera 'Bure'!). Humphries is playing several roles in true Peter Sellers fashion, especially Bazza's over-the-top Edna Everage (which was before she became a Lady). <br /> <br /> You know it's not "Being Ernest's Importance" when its censorship classification NPA stands for "No Poofters Allowed." Pom hating Bazza is told by a Sydney adviser that he has to inherit a share in his father's will to go to England to absorb British culture. With Edna's tow in tow, he gets a Quantas flight to Hong Kong, and then to London. An over-the-top customs officer pays Bazza import taxes on everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of "tubes of Fosters lower". As he puts it: "If it's going to flee you, the Poms have the edge on the gyppos!". A diligent taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the price by taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then Scotland. The streets of London are dirty and their hotel is run by an assassin (Spike Milligan). This makes Bazza a pound notes every 20 minutes in the electricity meter. There is good news for our hero; He meets other Aussies in Earls Court, and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comic escapes that Bazza puts out of his own cigarette brand, his pants convinced it is a kind of aphrodisiac, a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as A high-class pervert who loves to wear a schoolboy uniform, a young conservative dance in Rickmansworth to a charity rock concert where his song on "chundering" makes him almost an international star, and finally to the BBC TV center where he puts his pants on a lively talk show presented by the thinking man's crumb self, Joan Bakewell. A fire breaks out, and Bazza's friends come to the rescue - downing cans of Fosters, they blow a lot on the flames. <br /> <br /> It's far from Bruce Beresford's later works - 'Breaker Morant' and 'Driving Miss Daisy'. With release, critics have been tortured because it is too vulgar. Well, yes, it is, but it's also great non-PK. fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation, but its life for life is unmistakable. You can't help the man. His various euphemisms for urination ('Percy at porcelain') and vomiting ('the Technicolor yawn') passed in English without many people knowing where they came from. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as detective who drives Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later in Rock Follies) and even future artist Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> A successor - the wonderful name 'Barry McKenzie holds his own' - came out two years later. At his premiere, Humphries had the opportunity to explode the critics who had the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> However, what had to be more concerned about him was the release of Crocodile Dundee in 1985. It also had a long, bearable Aussie who struggled to speak to a foreign culture. And made tons more money. <br /> <br /> The song on the final credits (performed by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is wonderful. You've got a line that includes the line: "If you want to send your sister into a madness, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!". Time to end this review. I have to go to the dunny to shake hands with the unemployed ...
