I pulled a VHS box off my big collection - very invisible - and a movie selected, based on the boxing art, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. The prison watched that 80-year-old cheese over the box. I sat and watched and looked! and look! We found that we sometimes put in a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. Fortunately, I quickly turned around and I soon realized I was not just for a good movie, but a pretty good movie in total. Prison tells the story of an old, dilapidated prison re-opened to save on budget issues. It suddenly looks like everything is empty and filled with prisoners. The jail used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the main character in the movie. The story that uses prison as its central environment tells in a prologue that a man is being killed by the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - tear a crucifix before the man is sent to his Maker. We are going today, first with a state council at a meeting that decides to open the jail and send in a beautiful doctor to make sure that the conditions are acceptable because she strongly opposed the opening of the old jail has. Then we see the new governor, Lane Smith, with a nightmare in bed - and he didn't have the new job of opening a prison. Well, the rest follows: prisoners and guards come with plenty of stereotypes in abundance. We get some depth of character and several of the prisoners are interesting characters. The acting is better than one can expect with Lane Smith as always a real job. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane explore the boundaries of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is good as the female head. The best performance is by Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated character actor, like Cresus - a prisoner who was in the same prison years ago when the "man" was executed "with some kind of terrible secret. Prison is not the next best thing "thing to have sliced ​​bread or something like that, but it's definitely a look and definitely better than most would expect. I was pleasantly surprised at how director Renny Harlin created such a visual atmospheric story. Tans and Harlin knows how to build his scenes, there are a few excessive scenes - one with the barbed wire was a bit much like the one with all the pipes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting. actually much more coherent than one usually obtained from movies like this, which can be partially credited to Irwin Yablans who wrote the story.You may have remembered the idea of ​​making Halloween as a holiday, here he makes seizure n hell much more scarce than it already is. Give prison a break (get it).
