What we have here is a compelling piece of low budget horror with a relatively original premise, a role filled with familiar faces AND one of the most compelling filming locations in the history of horror movies. So ... can someone please tell me why this movie is totally underestimated ??? "Prison" is the Finnish director Harlin's American debut, still regarded as his best effort, although he still made a number of hits such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story takes place entirely in an old and prison Wyoming prison, which is re-opened for the cause of overpopulation in other, more modern state officials. Within the former executive dungeons, the restless spirit of the last victim's last victim still lives. The newly-promoted officer, Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith), was there 40 years ago when this innocent man was killed, and the spirit still remembers his false role in the unfair trial. The time for revenge seems to have finally come. Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief that should have a larger body number and Chelsea Field is the human social worker who slowly unfolds the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" contains more than half a dozen unforgettable yummy rows, but it's the unbearably tense atmosphere that will surely last for you! Unlike any other horror image of that decade, "Prison" contains an incredible sense of realism! By this I refer to the authentic scenery and the mood in the prison walls of course, and not to the supernatural murders that are committed. Although it is also really upsetting. The movie's best parts are images of realistic and tough prison drama sequences combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The absolute best moment of terror (which provided me with nightmares since I saw it at a very young age) focuses on a grizzly death throats that include barbed wire. Ghost !! The script has only one mistake, but it's a common one ... almost inevitable, I think: clichés! The story suggests almost every possible stereotype, surrounded in a prison. We have the ugly, greasy pervert with his 'cute' boy toys, the cowardly and racist wagon avoiding confrontation at all costs and ?? of course ?? the guy a sensible black man serving a lifetime (did I hear someone shouting the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not blind yourself to these cliches, because I am so many other elements to admire. Photography is dark and damp, the secret is long and successful, and the supporting company of class B actors is excellent. (The fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the immortal horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget Wes Craven's divine effort "Shocker" or the straight pathetic cheese flick "The Chair". This is the only prison cooler that is worth finding! Especially since Viggo Mortensen is popular nowadays (I heard that he was involved in a successful franchise with elves, hobbits and other fairy tales). This true 80's horror jewel desires to get an urgent DVD release!
