There are many material from the Modesty Blaise comics and novels that will be great in a movie. Unfortunately, several attempts were made and they fell short of the great potential of the character. So no, it's not the modesty you know about the cartoon (currently reprinted in pretty titles from Titan Books). This is modesty about 5 or 6 years before the first strip, and from what you can work together from her back story, it is accurate. <br /> <br /> Miramax had the movie rights to the character, acting with Quentin Tarantino as a lawyer and technical advisor. The early concepts of the Miramax project have attempted to adapt one of the best novels, but have always succeeded in leaving an important element. Tarantino was not happy with any of them and offered to remove his name from the project so they could continue. For the studio's credit, they wanted to keep him in the process because they knew he got the character and her world. With the movie rights near the decay, they decided to try a completely different approach. The result was "My name is modesty", a small direct-to-video film that introduces the character. <br /> <br /> The movie does not introduce Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important to Blaise's adventures in most of the published stories. What this movie achieves shows the strength of the character by herself. She never lost her tranquility, and you never doubt she's in control, even unaware in a room full of gangsters with guns. Most of the movie takes place in a casino, which undoubtedly saves money on production. It does not matter. The movie is not so cheap. Instead, it gives a fairly comprehensive (and credible) back story for the character and shows just how far she was thinking before. If Miramax now adjusts any of the comic stories or novels, they have laid out the character's background nicely and will not spend much time on her "origin". I realize that the words "Direct-to-Video" don't inspire confidence, but this movie is worth it.
