Totally tactile, strange (look for the kinky moment of a drop-dead, beautiful blonde acting like a rope doll for some rich people), senseless, but undoubtedly compelling late-night function. This unhindered French production is a pile of intrepid ideas and random plot illustrations centered on its very charismatic stars (as somewhat heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Really they can't do that much, especially during the long, middle section where they hide themselves in a building to crack a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But this is when the strange, if intriguing relationship between Delon and Bronson's characters is formed. After a manipulative struggle of wills (and childlike sensible games against each other), the two come to an understanding that they see each other's involvement and have mutual respect. It will go further into the winding second half of the story with the undetectable curve ball. Yet, their meetings pointed out in time that there is more, but what we get is vague and it is enlarged by what just happened there? ending it can only let you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Keep it from the system. <br /> <br /> The pacing is terribly slow but quietly measured for it and it seems deliberately done to throw out with its muscular, nervous stress stress. See how the same process is repeated and you know something is not quite right and the twilight is finally in the game. Now, everything that happens happens to be too spontaneous, but the climax payout is haunting. The sleek, complex script is probably a bit too clever for its own good, but there are some neat novelties (coins, glass and liquids, don't waste) and visual symbolism. Jean Herman's direction is effectively sophisticated and low key, but gets a bit artificial and adds an unwelcome iced atmosphere. The sound FX has more than a powerful note than that of Francois DeRoubaix's funky score, which is wrapped mainly under the sweeping opening. Delon top drawers (who are quite steely) and Bronson (a jovial turn) are solid and work great from everyone. Bernard Fresson reduces the attitude of the Inspector who knows that more is being done than is being led there. An attractive female cast features competent support by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A cryptographic directional but polished crime drama led by its two and a few bizarre inclusions.
