If you're already a fan of Peter O'Donnell's wonderful Modesty Blaise books from the sixties, you'll really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen the 1966 "Modesty Blaise" movie, forget about it! It was camp. This is the true Modesty Blaise. The story and character are both true to the modesty that fans of the books know and love. It's far from Joe Losey's 1966 transvesty, and it takes our Modesty very seriously. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and credible in the part, and yes, we get her kicker. chuckle <br /> <br /> It is probably meant to be the first movie of a series and as such serves to introduce modesty, her childhood and her days to Lob. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O 'Donnell was the creative consultant on the movie, everything is really true. Even the story of O'Donnell tells how he understood the character is just as he told it. After reading all the books, I enjoyed the movie even more. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax kept their option on the property by making Quentin Tarrentino this movie, I hope to see more of the Modesty. stories as soon as possible. Especially if the wonderful character of Willie Garvin really makes the character of humility really lively. For this purpose, I really hope the movie goes well in Europe. I have no idea whether Miramax will ever distribute the DVD in the US. I suspect it might not be as good in the US in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to film it. <br /> <br /> In the story, Modesty is in her early 20s, working at Louche's casino in Tangier. The playback sequence is done artificially and takes Modesty about 9 years old, through her teens to her current age in the movie - about 21-22, I guess. I really don't think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of our Modesty fans, she's too strong a presence in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is credible. She is very slim, graceful and ready. She has many closeups. She has a good face - one that fits well into your mind after the movie is over. According to O 'Donnell's illustrator, Romero, Modesty has a more complete figure than Staden, but I'm prepared to think about it. As Staden continues in the role, I think she will mature into it - just as Modesty grows more vigorously and skillfully as she grows older. Staden already carries modesty of humor and absolute certainty. Go ahead and hire this movie, it's not like anything else you've seen and although it is directed by Scott Spiegel, it's full of Tarrentino touches, great camera movements, lighting and well-done action sequences.
