Short synopsis <br /> <br /> This film is opened with soldiers released from the company of men. One of them strives for another with a strange scheme that repeatedly refuses the other. Later they are both trapped in an office building in which they want to crack a safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into playful banter and then into a desperate struggle for survival (during the handling they lose all potable liquids, so it's really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-oiled torsos, do they ram a hole in a wall and eventually succeed in escaping? just to find out that they were betrayed and set up by women. One is caught, the other remains free and is not given away by his companion. A last encounter, a last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, goodbye, friend. <br /> <br /> I didn't find it hard to see gas sex sexes in the two main characters, played by classic male superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Of course, they are attracted to one another, their treatment of women is abominable and is characterized by contempt. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic oppression, a bit like Salvation. It is also very stylish. The safe that the two men want to crack is in a? for the time ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. This is the place of a publicity company, so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings. The wardrobe is also very good. The ultra-stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car of all time) has great in this movie ?? maybe a subtle kind of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this movie for the actor's performances alone. Delon and Bronson really share the best bill, in a way that struck me as very fair and sporty. Both do a considerable amount of acrobatics. I have never seen Bronson better than here, he really works - and speaks French throughout, with a heavy accent buying it very appropriately. And this is definitely the man we hear. (The French version is therefore highly recommended). The police inspector pursuing the two is played by my favorite Franch character actors, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He is the best good police inspector I know. Also good is former child actress Brigitte Fossey as the young man who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems. <br /> <br /> Anyone who expects the old in-and-out from classic heist movies might be disappointed with this movie. For those with a little patience, it will be a rewarding experience, full of novel and original ideas and direct attributes, although it is a bit too cruel and sadistic to me.
