This is the first Jean Renoir Silent movie I have watched and maybe right, as it is widely regarded as its best, in addition to its first major work. Overall, it is indeed a very sure and technically fulfilled movie that believes the fact that it was just Renoir's sophomore effort. For fans of the director, it is full of interesting tips for future Renoir movies, especially THE DAY OF A CHAMBER (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - depicting a lower class femme-deadly mally by various aristocrats longing for themselves - but also the rules of the game (1939) - showing in one succession how the peaceful servants behave when their masters' backs are turned away - and FRANSKANAN (1955) - Nana is seen at the scandal dance at one point. Personally, I would say that the movie for a respected companion to G.W. Pabst's PANDORA'S BOX (1928), Josef von Sternberg's THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in his lively recreation of the miserable life of a court man. <br /> <br /> After all this, the film was a disturbingly critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "crazy business" as Renoir himself later referred to in his memoirs, which is not just personal. cost him a fortune (he eventually reduced the resulting financial burden by selling off some of his father's paintings), but almost stopped giving the theater for the good! Stylistically, NANA is very different from Renoir's sound work and is guilty of Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922), Renoir's great admiration - and on a personal note, which I really should visit the cinema DVD and the other von Stroheims for 4 years). Anyway, NANA is definitely not without its flaws: a deliberate fit feels itself too long during the excessive 130 minutes running with some rows (the horse race around the center in particular). <br /> <br /> The exaggerated on-screen play is also difficult to reverse - especially Catherine Hessling's Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain's Georges Hugon (one of her various performers). Although technically their characters, a bad actress (who lives on court services when she is broadcast from the stage) and immature weakness, respectively. Like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (Renoir's wife at the time was not appealing enough to be very convincing as "the character of elegance" (as another admirer describes her at one stage) is who is capable of every Addicting other notes in the cast are "Dr. Caligari" himself, Werner Krauss (as Nana's most ardent devotee, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (initially initially skeptical but ultimately tragic Nana's trial) and future leading film director Claude Autant-Lara (photographed as Claude Moore and also as art director here) as Muffat's good friend, but who is mysteriously welcomed with the latter's neglected wife! <br /> <br /> The pressure I watched - via the Lionsgate's "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - for the most part, a lovingly restored and beautifully tinted one that was first available on French DVD, the fact that it is based on a classic French literature (by Emi le Zola, no less), can't help but has been screened several times and the two most striking movie versions are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and which I own on VHS) and Christian-Jaque's in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, of which I am not familiar).
