I loved this movie. I totally disagree with some (negative) criticism I have read over the years. It was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He had a good time with his part as Chandler Jarrell and he should never mind what the critics say, if he had fun doing it ?? and most of his audience enjoyed it! And it was nice to watch, as it combined a great fantasy with Mr. Murphy's great comic style. You have to keep in mind that 'Golden Child' is a 'fantasy' movie? Just an imaginative work of magic and wonder between the 'real' world. During the time this movie was released, I worked in a video rental shop. It was one of the most popular among all our clients. Every time we put this one on our monitor, all the copies we had went out quickly with queue requests that lasted for months! Everyone who hired it loved it! I was the resident film critic and all my regular clients would ask my opinion before renting ?? It was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my clients so I highly recommend them. I really feel this movie is a sleeper? It may not have done too well at the box office? because of very poor marketing? but it later peaked in the video rental and retail market! (Yes, I bought this movie for my own video library!). Did I worship the little boy who played the "Golden Child"? J. L. Reate - but after looking at his profile in IMDb, I noticed that he had never done more movies. It's sad because he definitely had an aura on the screen and could continue with a film career. I also worshiped Victor Wong, who played the Old Man (I loved him as 'Egg Shen' in 'Big Trouble in Little China' - 1986). It was a good movie anyway. The only drawback that didn't fit with the theme was some of the parts that became a little more 'mature' in nature. like 'Chandler's rather sexual remarks about the snake lady presented to him as a silhouette. It was funny, but it hadn't been synchronized yet. OK, so there were some suggestive gratuitous scenes ?? Maybe it's included for the mind of the day. It was another adventurous and escapist type of film that we need today to get rid of all the hard core and depressing fluff we are having with Hollywood. Now it's fun!
