I always feel weird and guilty and say it (because I'm a pretty well-educated non-teenager), but I'm actually like the Olsen twins, and I respect the movies they make, although I never really were them target audience. "When in Rome" was a traditional Mary-Kate and Ashley movie, complete with strange journeys, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as a B storyline, fashion orientation and even the gag rule over the credits. I enjoyed myself. "When in Rome" and the other Olsen twin movies never pretend to be something they are not; Most of the time, they only premiere on video, and they never claim the following "Citizen Kane" or even "an Affair to remember." My point is that people watching this movie and expecting it to be anything other than another Olsen twin movie will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> It is said, those who are supporters of the Olsen twins will really enjoy themselves. For those of us who watched them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really good to see them grow into more mature roles. This movie provides important historical and geographical information, just like many of their other films (remember 10 Downing Street of "Winning London" and the visit to the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?), As well as providing good, clean fun that can be enjoyed by the whole family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel I'm on my soapbox, and as long as I can make it for the movie, let me take a moment to challenge those people. who rejects the Olsen twins: being a fan of the Olsen twins, you don't have to be a pre-teen "valley girl" from California. In fact, it's not really the target audience. If that were the case, the MK & A fashion line of clothing and accessories would be run by Gap or a store like this, not Wal-Mart. "When it's in Rome, it's not really about the inspiring young girls who have the initiative to make it take places. If that means the movie takes place in a glamorous foreign city with cute guys on motorcycles, it should be so "It's called marketing - you take an idea and sell it by making it attractive. At least they send out a good message, even though the means are slightly superficial. <br /> <br /> Basically don't beat the movie until you didn't see it and didn't knock it until you tried to understand what the Olsen twins are doing: they encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive and driven young women, this movie does, I think, Just like theirs, kids - enjoy, parents - do the same, if you like the Olsen twins, you won't be disappointed.
