Fighting the death penalty is a fair matter. Everyone who is healthy in Europe will think so. Everything else in the US is different. The film appears to show in a first phase that justice can be won against the racist bigot death penalty that demands American justice. A young man is released from death, thanks to a law professor who has returned to defense counsel for this particular case. But the movie has a successor. Justice in the US is completely controlled by the purpose of revenge. Miscarriage of justice is just the same as revenge. One person in the local public lawyer offfice prosecuted a young man for false charges. This public attorney's officer drops the charges after a while and the young man walks free. But he is losing his college scholarship and is being castrated by some vengeful people who never smoke without a fire. He hides his shame and swears to get his revenge. But he must surely also satisfy his sexual needs, which are more spiritual than hormonal, but even stronger because of spirituality and no longer hormonal, and he can only do it with little daughters. He apparently boasts another serial killer who is the same kind of prey. One day, the local police followed their intuition, led by some vague circumstances in the assassination of a young girl, and they arrested the young jacket we're talking about. They beat him and questioned him for 22 hours, with nothing but blow and blow and telephone books and guns and Russian roulette. He confessed. He was sent in the queue and asked his grandmother to get the law professor in Massachusetts. He is the man of the local public attorney's representative who falsely prosecuted him, and the revenge is on track. This will fail, but it shows that as soon as one in the judiciary, police and other security forces stretches out of the line of absolute legality, some unfair acts are being done which can even destroy the best cause of accusation and which can bring the worst of deepest thought to revenge. Managing someone on circumstances is just as bad that circumstances ruin the work of police or justice. The best intentions at the police station are ruined by personal involvement and vengeance, just as much as the life of a person can be compromised by circumstances built up to the size of evidence which in turn endangers the whole thing by just elaborate, therefore easily removable, with a good lawyer. The film is then a deep reflection on the need to respect standards and regulations next to the police and case law if we do not want to make a mistake, which of course does not justify the death penalty as it is in any case contrary to the deepest conviction that Americans should have: "Obviously we keep these truths, that all people are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, including among them life, freedom and the pursuit of happiness." (Independent Declaration) Life is an inalienable right given to man by his Creator, meaning that no one but the one who gave it can take it away. Only God can take the life of a person away. The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power we do not have. Even if we do not call upon God, we cannot justify the death penalty except as a vengeance. And here is the film that gives revenge, the worst possible motivation in the extradition of justice and in the creation of public peace. If revenge is pushed aside, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And there can always be a mistake in the pursuit of happiness, but of revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris University 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, Paris University 8 Saint Denis, Paris University 12 Creteil, CEGID
