A compelling Thriller !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from the United States <br /> <br /> Just cause <br /> <br /> With: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <A liberal but kind-hearted Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong is dedicated to the Flordia Everglades by the unjust convicted black man, Bobby Earl. He condemned the sadistic, cold-hearted police and beat him to the confession of an abominable murder of an eleven-year-old girl. While digging further and further into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. That the black police detective Lt.Tanny Brown of the small community is corrupt and illegal. When the infamous psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is launched. He discovers that he knows the place of the murder weapon that devoured the girl. When Armstrong finds that there are lukewarm coincidences of Sullivan's road trip through the village and the letter he's personal. written. Bobby Earl gets a repeat. I am unobstructed from prison and unleashed his terrible punishment. Everyone seems to swim well into an unexpected call from the Sullivan ceremony in focus. Armstrong discovers a sly double murder that Sullivan's parents are. What he disregards incredibly. Sullivan tells Armstrong the truth of Joanie Shriver's horrific murder and why he was brought here. It seems that Bobby Earl is a psychopathic killer and he really raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He just beat a bargain with a brief psychologist Sullivan. To get rid of, he can kill again for revenge. On Armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter. Now, Sullivan is being executed until his death. Armstrong and tough good old Brown chase the malicious villain to the Everglades to stop him. When they arrive, Armstrong teaches that psychotic sicko Bobby Earl is planning to kill his wife and daughter for a previous rape trial that caused him pain and pain and castration. But good-natured cop Brown comes to the fore and crosses the brutal bad death. He is stabbed and eaten by relentless, alligators eating one. Paula Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter, are still alive and happy. A good thriller that works. Both mystery and subterfuge. How reluctant blacks are murdered by racist judges. Since unjust penalties are. Although sometimes the innocent guilty innocent, friendly black man may indeed be evil evil. Sean Connery is wonderful as the unconscious, holier than your hero. Laurence Fishburne is astonishingly surprising as the average, arrogant but good old cop. Underwood and Harris are over and refreshing than the malicious psychos. Capeshaw is okay. Ruby Dee is wonderful like the stubborn grandmother. The rest of the role is also wonderful.
