This is the fifth von Trier movie I saw. I believe he is the only director I have ever given such a high score on all his films. Four of them, the element of crime, Europe, the waves breaking and the dancer in the dark, I gave a 10 and one, the idiots, I gave a 9 (and I reconsidered it a 10 since I only saw it, although I'd love to see it again before I do it. He was asked to call himself one of the best working directors. I tend to vote with him. I can't blame him for being arrogant if he made such big movies. In 50 years, when von Trier retires, he will be regarded as the leading film artist from Europe (perhaps from the planet), and classes will be presented in his name. He's just the Bergman or Fellini of our time. It is too bad that the critics are concerned with themselves. <br /> <br /> On Europe itself, I will admit that it was confusing and that its narrative does not seem strong. I think that's the point. This film was, of course, meant to represent a nightmare, or the subconscious at a certain level. This is evident from the framework of the movie: Max von Sydow's story. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and that is our / his subconscious. I tend to lean more towards his mind, as Europe's decline is worrying me, an American, very little. This framework is also clear if you have seen the Element of Crime, an even more brilliant film than that (although I dispute it in my mind, which Europe needs more than anything, is a proper release on DVD, hopefully Criterion again, with theater aspect ratio and remastered sound and picture, then I'm pretty sure, this movie looks just as big as any of von Trier's other movies). In the element of crime, the film begins with a hypnotist, which we actually see on the screen, hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get the root of his spiritual anxiety. The first words of the movie are: "Fantasy is okay, but my job is to keep you on track." And when Fisher, the narrator, comes off the track, the hypnotist chastises him and tells him to go back to the story. He even laughs when a character is given a very thin and thin line. Something about the lines of, "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughed and said, "Now, Fisher, didn't she really say that?" <br /> <br /> The key to Europe's interpretation, almost a successor to the Element of Crime, is that we are deep in our / von Trier's subconscious, and the symbols within us must be interpreted and probably for everyone else. What does the train itself symbolize? Consider it internally, and discuss it externally first. Europe is a good movie, a masterpiece. I was never bored of it, though I watched it at 3am. The perfect time to look, actually, as it works in dream logic.
