Storyline: Max von Sydow's voice telling interprets the protagonist (and audience) back to 1945, where our lead actor, young American ideologue Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr), arrived just after World War II in 1945 Germany to help rebuild the damaged land. Oom Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) gives Leopold a job in the large Zentropa train station, but soon Leopold will fall in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of Zentropa owner Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon finds himself trapped in a web of corruption, used, lost his ideology and forced to choose between pest or cocaine. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, fascinating, manipulative, noirish, haunting, beautiful, and ugly. These are some immediate, grandiose descriptions that come to mind when I think of Lars von Trier's masterpiece of 1991, EUROPA; the last chapter of the Europe trilogy. In the US, it was ZENTROPA enabled so that audiences could not confuse it with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPA EUROPA from 1990 (also a World War II drama). The Europa trilogy also consists of the 1984 ELEMENTS and EPIDEMIES from 1987 (the notorious experiment that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals thematically with hypnotism and loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as essential as the footage. In the opening of EUROPA we see a locomotive moving towards us while our unknown narrator literally hypnotises us: "At the mental score of ten, you will be in Europe. There are ten. I say ten." A metaphor for the film's ability to transport us to a subconscious dream reality. <br /> <br /> EUROPE uses a weird but highly effective visual style - well-known Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is Trier's main interest, say it all. It is a black-and-white movie that is sometimes entangled with red in blood form, red dress. According to rumors, Steven Spielberg has inspired to use the similar effect in SHINDLER'S LIST from 1993 (incidentally another WWII drama). Trier also uses so-called Dutch angels and redesigns background projection by adding separate lap cooperative layers to layers, but unlike old Hollywood movies that incorporated it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. This carefully executed strange visual technique underlines that we are in a dream reality, we are hypnotized; The universe of EUROPE is not really! EUROPA is often criticized for the weight of advanced technique (such as multilayer background projection) above plot and characters, but that's what critics criticized Stanley Kubrick's visual masterpiece of 1968 in 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY for today is a mandatory place in all biography history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is also accused of having historical inaccuracy. Apparently, Trier gives too much historical significance to the Nazi Werewolf terrorist group. According to various online sources, it is correct (a fascinating topic - try it for yourself!), But Trier's goals are not educating or accurately portraying history. EUROPE is a never-ending nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, therefore the universe that meets the audience is a distorted reality. Similarly, it shows how our memory misleads us - a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although young audiences experiencing EUROPA are too young to have World War II memories, we have a joint reminder of it from several BBC documentaries. These little inaccuracies actually serve a purpose: they inform us that we are not Germany in 1945 in World War II. but in Leopold's memory of it. <br /> <br /> All three European trilogic chapters portray young ideologies with noble intentions that are forced into corruption and lose their ideological innocence. The ambiguous ends of FORBIDDENSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that the ideologues are captured forever in their hypnotizing realities. Before, during and after the shooting of EUROPA in Poland in 1990, Lars von Trier and co-author Niels Vørsel were very interested in World War II. It shows. It's full of amazingly beautiful shots that trace the atmosphere of the periods. A good example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot mainly for economic reasons in Poland) in the last act of EUROPA. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think EUROPA deserves it right in film history. His method of distorting old film-noir love affair clients and visual techniques is so unique, strange and completely different to what you will see today from Hollywood, or any other dream factory. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an essential film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write it down as pure commercial speculation, but it will be catastrophic. It is there with other Trier classics and semi-classics such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, the TV series RIGET of 1993 and DOGVILLE from 2003. It is a unique experience of before Trier cares for his actors and before the Dogme95 Manifesto. Beware! "On the score of ten ..." 9/10
