I was hardly aware of the time in history that was portrayed in this 1971 Brazilian black comedy, but it is not to say that it was not accessible to me, because the film makes it very clear. It is in the 16th century of Brazil, where rival French and Portuguese settlers use the indigenous people as confederates in their struggle to claim domination. What is particularly interesting about the movie is that it is made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a nice Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbaric, and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. The film's Portuguese makers are objective, because when all is said and done, we see that it doesn't matter who's taking one. It's about environmental inheritance at a time that is strongly determined by tribes. Enemies are made and continued, and environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman is captured by the Portuguese, then caught by a native tribe, the Tupinambas, after defeating a group of Portuguese. The tribe's shaman predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese man to be cannibalized for revenge because the chief's brother was killed by a Portuguese musket ball. Think the Frenchman is Portuguese, they believe they now have one. Nevertheless, the Frenchman is granted unlimited passage of the village, is given a wife sooner or later and accepts their popular appearance rather than his Western clothing or any clothing. Another Frenchman comes to town and tells the tribe that their prisoner is indeed Portuguese, and assures the angry Frenchman that he will tell them the truth when the French gets a secret treasure hiding another European in the near future. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene funny, because the narrative he used with his inconsistencies on the screen serves as a great satire, even though the film doesn't look much more frequent. It's not really a terribly sounding movie. The abundant, essential rural, fiery lifestyle and mature indigenous women not only make the Frenchman, but we also forget any threat, and we have the feeling of being a free man. It shouldn't be so hard to escape. The cannibalism is so scant of desire as the frontal nudity of the role, instead of the representative core of Pereira dos Santos' dry political cartoon of the New World mythology and undeveloped social cohesion. Anyway, this 1500-year-old social commentary, shot at 365 on a bay, played almost completely naked and almost completely written in Tupi. It promotes effective collapse of established ways that are current because they have repeated themselves for centuries.
