After a love triangle story in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were again selected in this controversial movie. The film would be considered a hit if there was no controversy with Bharat Shah's production values. Here, director duo Abbas-Mustan has done a very different and unique job compared to their previous and legal organizations. They are considered thriller makers of Bollywood. But in this CCCC they have proven that they can handle as much as a romantic family drama. There is almost a single action scene when Salman's colleague was raped in her apartment. Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The movie has virtually all the standards and ingredients such as song, story, cast, performances, etc. what is needed to make a movie. But of course for Salman's fan it was something a surprise gift from him. Why? Because he played so long, where he had a scene to make his open body dance and dance la-la-la everywhere. His role as a wealthy young businessman who has non-nonsense and natural attitude is really impressive. After all Madhubala is a prostitution troll performed by Preity, wonderful. Later, when she also feels considerate of her life, she deserves proper attention. Her facial expressions and body language are more attractive, and her focus is mainly on her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as heartbreaking as it was here. Of course, this can be seen as an improvement. Dan Priya, a very innocent and helpless wife of Raj who is only dependent on him for a better result. She has no powerful influence in the story, since the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this age, it is not quite possible to take such a step to look for a surrogate mother. Perhaps much is happening in this great world where it is kept secret. And in this way, the CCCC writer has uncovered a hidden truth happening in other daily lives. But still it is a doubt.
