CCCC is the first good movie in Bollywood of 2001. When I first saw the movie of the movie, I thought it was a nice family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the strongest performance ever. My family wasn't too keen on him, but after my movie my family was very impressed with him. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The movie will be a big hit because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meeting and falling in love. They marry and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya come out that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when they find Raj's dada (Amrish Puri) in particular. Raj and his family one day play cricket and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have a miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she can no longer have children. Raj and Priya keep this silence from the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for surrogacy. Surrogation to them is that they will find a girl and Raj and that girl will gather a baby and then surrender the baby to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completley. Raj tells Priya that he has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do this so no one finds out. Priya spent the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala are all alone and they spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and she wants him. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The one thing I didn't like about the movie is their idea of ​​surrogacy. They had to do it the right way in the movie, but it didn't spoil the film. This was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The songs of the movie are wonderful. My favorites are Chori Chori Chupke Chupke, Dekhne Walon Ne, Deewana Hai Yeh Mann and Mehndi. The song Mehndi is very colorful. In the song it shows the ghod bharai and it is very colorful The film deserves 10/10!
