Prolific and highly influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese are investigating a choice of his favorite American films grouped by three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes that made the appearance of sound and color later on; the director as a smuggler: filmmakers such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and mostly Vincente Minnelli, directors who used rebellious messages in their films; and the iconoclast director: those filmmakers who attack civilian perceptions and social attacks, such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> He shows us how the old studio system in Hollywood, though oppressive, was the way film directors found themselves to advance the medium because they were bound by political and financial constraints. During his cuts from the movies he shows us, we do not only discover movies we have never seen, but we are also made to see what he sees. He evaluates his stylistic sensitivities with the directors of the sequels themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a movie gun was considered snobbish, so there are a few movie fans and critics just to make "lists". Cannon calls but the best and fans of the film gun claim it is a valuable activity to identify and experience the best movies, such as a great hit band, but just a start for film students. All in all, one's experience has shown that all film writing, including reviews, functions to build a movie gun. Some movie guns can certainly be elitist, but others can be "populist". For example, the Top 250 movie list of the Internet Movie Database contains many films included on several "elitist" movie guns, but also features recent Hollywood blockbusters, during which many movie elitists, such as The Dark Knight, currently in the top ten mix. amidst the first two Godfather films, Schindler's List and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and the fluctuation of similar productions further down like Iron Man, Sin City, The Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Author Scorsese's taxi driver Paul Schrader referred straight to his canon as "elitist" and claims it is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese has not been completely outspoken about his social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and particularly obsessive history lesson on the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological areas, we see that no specific virtues are in either elitism or populism. Elitism concentrates all attention, recognition and therefore power on those who are outstanding. This discrimination can easily lead to self-sufficiency in the rendering work of Jean-Luc Godard or the over-scaling of the production practices of a film maker such as Michael Haneke. Yet, populism calls for a belief of representative freedom as only the assertion of the people's will. As previously stated about the all-encompassing misconceptions people have about cinema, populism can end the cinema's potential power and impact. One can only watch movies, as this is an important social and metaphysical practice. And that's what Martin Scorsese spent nearly four hours telling us, something that can't be told without being seen before.
