When British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his Century of the Cinema series, he grabbed the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American Movies is a fascinating, wide variety and, as the title says, a very personal look at Hollywood theater. <br /> <br /> Scorcese's story is about Hollywood's directors ?? actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators are barely paying attention. He says from the outset that for him the primary conflict in the film industry is between the director's vision and the distributor's profit motive, between art and commercial viability. He even opens with a clip from Vincente Minnelli's The Bad and the Beautiful, one of the earliest films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure for the documentary. Scorese watched as genres became dark and clichés challenged, how mavericks challenged the production code, and how certain filmmakers fell gracefully when they ventured differently. However, Scorcese never falls into the author's fall of the executive directors who were consistently satisfied with the studio bosses (praising Cecil B. De Mille) or those who had less of a recognizable style but still master craftsmen of the was theater. /> <br /> Scorcese does not necessarily focus on its absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences, are mentioned only in passing). Instead, he looks at the individuals and the movies telling his story. For example, he shows us a succession of John Ford movies to show how the western developed. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most frequent director of the documentary) to show how a so-called healthy genre such as the musical can also have darker undercurrents. I can imagine that if this command was not limited to America, Scorcese would also like to speak, for example his Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. As it is, does he include the definition of American films to include both Hollywood films of immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of US filmmakers produced elsewhere? like Stanley Kubrick's. <br /> <br /> Instead of telling the story of Hollywood chronologically, Scorcese compares films from different periods to tackle different subjects. In his section on the language and tools of the cinema, he starts with DW Griffith, looks at the advent of sound, color and widescreen and eventually ends up over computer-generated effects that, although Scorese is not interested in them, he is even handed enough to include tracks from George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola. However, he does not just complete the chapter here as if it were the end. Instead, he returns to the 1940s to show how low-budget horror such as The Cat People can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest elements. <br /> <br /> Personalized travel through American movies should be one of the best movie documents ever made. There were a number of outstanding directors and pictures I would never have discovered, and even the most seasoned movie buffs will probably find something new in its broad scope. Scorese also restored the balance to forgotten or undervalued pictures. I was happy to see it, if he talks about Kubrick in his "Iconoclasts" chapter, he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me his two most underrated movies. Scorcese's respect for the medium is evident in the way he allows clips to play fully, rather than just giving us small pieces, and he interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of archives and new interviews) only when needed. There is a bit of prejudice in the 40's and 50's, but it's not surprising, because it's the era in which Scorese grew up and discovered cinema. And yet I don't think this documentary could have been reached if it wasn't a personal trip. <br /> <br /> One word of caution, though, looking in depth at certain pictures, this documentary contains a good few spoilers.
