For people interested in business and the corporate world, this show is simply the best of the best. As one of the former participants of the show wrote in his blog about this innovative show: People in business eventually had an audience. The whole idea is perfect; Having a group of businessmen competing against each other in business-related tasks, being in the best place in the world, New York City. Donald Trump is perfect as the boss, even though his ego is bigger than the whole universe at times infinity. He also made many dubious decisions about who to fire, which is one of the negatives of the show. <br /> <br /> Season 1: Great season overall, the best season of the "normal" one. This season was the one that was most about real business skills. Later, the series almost drowned in marketing-related tasks with too many product placements. Great and interesting participants in general, with the most enjoyable character ever in this series: Troy. I know I'm not the only person who suspects that the Trump World Tower episode where he was fired is planning to win Amy and Nick for this particular job. <br /> <br /> Season 2: Also a good season. The tasks were pretty good, and it had very interesting participants. Jen M was terrible and never had to make it to the final IMO. This season, too, had the worst fire ever (Pamela). <br /> <br /> Season 3: Terrible. Actually, I like the concept of book smarts vs street smarts, but the cast was so terrible (it also seems that Trump hated the cast) that the whole season was a total disaster. Best moments were the second episode (motel refurbishment), fired with PM Brian, a man who didn't add anything but huge amounts of comedy value. Season 4: An excellent season, very much because of the interesting and entertaining participants this season (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and the total disaster whose name was Toral). The "Take me out to the Boardroom" episode is one of the absolute classic of this show, ending with the well-remembered four-man fire. Unfortunately, I think we were robbed of the Randall vs Alla final. I think Trump was afraid she could win and prevent it from happening. <br /> <br /> Season 5: A perilous season with no special stuff on it. Brent was just an embarrassment and of course just there to create drama. The tasks were terribly complete (how did it create a thing that has nothing to do with business?). I think the best man won, but personally I couldn't care less. Season 6: I can see why they wanted LA to be a new place for the show, but looking back it was a mistake. New York will always be the place for this. This season has added so many new things, most of them are awful (like losing a team to sleep outside in tents, PM remains PM, for example). The tasks were terrible and Trump also chose the wrong winner. James undoubtedly deserves it. <br /> <br /> Season 7: Celebrity Edition. Best season ever. Completely different rules (such as using rolodexes), but all the fun and entertainment. The biggest problem was that many of the participants were not really celebrities at all, especially the women where everyone was unknown to me, except Omarosa, which is a total disgrace to everything she participates in. It looks like Gene Simmon's season is, but after being a total fool during the Kodak task, another man emerged from the shadows: Piers Morgan. No one ever dominated a season like he did. He shattered his opponents and also got a good sense of humor (though some American Americans (not all Americans obviously don't take me wrong) unfortunately didn't have the social skills to understand it. GO TO GET PRESS! <br /> <br /> For fans of this, I strongly recommend the British version with Sir Alan Sugar as the boss, in fact, the British version is better, and it says something, since the US (and original) is really a good performance, one thing about the British version is that the contestants tend to behave like good people in the boardroom, as opposed to the constant screaming and rude behavior of the American version.
