The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that traditional job interviews and CVs do not necessarily predict teamwork skills, job commitment and performance. And they certainly do not reveal hidden agendas. In other words, a good indicator of potential could be to see a job seeker in action who is the point of "The Apprentice". People who fight for a corporate position can hand over a sugar-coated resume and hand over their best personality dress for the interview, but it is not necessarily the best indication of strengths, weaknesses and performance. <br /> <br /> In short, "The Apprentice" involves 16 working candidates competing for the ultimate career opportunity: a position in the real estate company Donald Trump's investment company. "The Apprentice" refers to the winner who will win an anointed position, learn the masterpiece of high priority action from the master himself, and presumably get the main corporate connection. The position is a dream come true for those who want to make more money than the GDP of some foreign countries. To attract the candidates, Trump shows his private jet, his private luxury apartments full of images and artwork, his limousine, his connections with celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire magnate. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams competing against each other. Each has a corporate sounding name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. The teams get tasks that involve an entrepreneurial business, such as creating advertising, selling goods or negotiating. Teams choose a project manager who provides the leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the driver gets a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final arbiter. If they lose, the driver can also become the scape buck. Some of the tasks are monumentally difficult to complete with just a day or two. Tasks can include creating a TV commercial or print ad. Others may involve selling at a retail outlet or on the street. <br /> <br /> The tasks bring out the best and worst in the participants. They often immediately point out who is the most reliable, who is the most reliable and who works hard. And the tasks also reveal who is not a good team player, who is ineffective and just looks for themselves. The tasks unexpectedly reveal the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and especially the project manager. How well the driver communicates with the team, delegates work, organizes time and sets specific goals will largely determine the outcome, but it does not necessarily determine the winner. <br /> <br /> The most engaging aspect of someone's Potential is when they are assigned as a project manager. Their real abilities as opposed to their self-propelled capabilities show immediately through the veneer that cannot be hidden by a $ 100 silk strap or a beautiful makeover. Leadership traits and / or weaknesses are often malicious only after a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as top notch leaders are not always so strong when they are in a real leadership position. It's always easier to "toot" your own horn than actually get involved in leadership. Project managers, even those on winning teams, often do not formulate a coherent strategy. They often believe that by delving deep down to completing the task at the first minute rather than taking a little time to organize and discussing how the task will be completed, is more effective. More often than not, members of a poor strategic team run around like headless chickens that look like they go, and in the long run they end up much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team gets a taste of high life, such as eating dinner at an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private plane, and / or meeting a celebrity. The release team comes to the dreaded board room where Trump hears the lame excuses of the members and one or more of the participants switch off like pieces of a chessboard with the now infamous "You are fired". Often the project manager is partly responsible for the team's loss, and can be the target of Trump's accusation rhetoric. Every week at least one person becomes a casualty of the losing team. <br /> <br /> My least favorite aspect of "The Apprentice" is the boardroom. While the tasks themselves bring out the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the boardroom often brings the worst out. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is one winning team and one losing team, even if the competition is close. Members of the losing team accuse each other, often ruthlessly, of who was guilty. And sometimes more than one person is fired. I rarely see an underperforming candidate, taking responsibility for their actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were possibly the only candidates who took full responsibility for her team's losses and received no recognition for this selfless act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the most integrity of all the candidates. However, Trump has seen Kristi poorly and dismisses her and claims that she would not stand for herself, which means he appreciates more than integrity. Nobody should sacrifice their integrity for this. Kristi Frank may not have become a student, but she can live with herself to know she did not regard others as unfair. Isn't it worth as much as winning? <br /> <br /> The power of "The Apprentice" is also its weakness. As team performance is rigorously evaluated by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are overlooked. To prevent large gaps between winning and losing teams is sometimes a losing team that portrays a high standard of teamwork and efficiency. I saw losing teams that are sometimes better organized than the winning team. Our Americans are so often obsessed with winning and losing that we often overlook excellence.
