In this pool, this dam, there are water lilies and there are frogs. Frogs sit on water lilies. The frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimming group with a love of Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, her team captain. Floraine's teammates avoid their leader because the forward-curving and well-proclaimed blonde carries a loose person who forfeits the synchronized swimmer's attitude of conformity and discipline. But Floraine has a secret; The bombshell has a bombshield, which, in addition to the visually visually, reveals Marie to the audience. <br /> <br /> Floraine never went as they say, with a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party we see a dual image of the budding sex bomb that tests her makeup in a bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a fata morgana. Marie gets Floraine's double, while her imitation breaks the water lily's heart. While the frog is moving through the flight of flying flights for the sake of appearance, she becomes happy with the water lily when no one is watching. In the film's most surprising scene, the water lily agrees to give the frog a hand to lose her virginity by the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants boys to keep her, but she doesn't like boys, but it's more important for the frog to be popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog cannot change into a water lily or a princess, because the water lily loses the respect of the frogs. After unlocking their lips, Floraine tells Marie, "Look, it's easy," which is the frog's way of comparing their kiss with the orgasm that her friend gave as nothing but a ritual without a string has been fitted. Floraine's beauty is a burden. She carries the weight of the meeting's son's expectations. Florence uses Marie to have a final flake before her fata morgana submits his imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> The other water lily, other frog, Marie's best friend Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraine's frustrated boy toys Francois (Warren Jacobs), like any water lily and frog, also have a parasitic relationship . While Floraine uses Marie for love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But it's life; It is the betrayal of growing up, where even a friend will turn on a good friend if the opportunity to move up the food chain occurs. At a McDonalds, the water lily chastises the other water lily after bathing largely in the frog's afterglow. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie gets the shots to call because Anne, although far from ugly, is overweight and has a flattering hairstyle. Anne tries to fight back by using her chest so much retribution (the magnifying glass of her happy meal comes on comment on Marie's flat breast), but the frog (Marie thinks she's better than Anne, better than a water lily) points out that her breasts are a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> Teen girls can be brutal. <br /> <br /> Later, in the last shot, Naissance des pieuvres suggests that Marie also has a double and these symbiosis under Waterlilies has the potential to turn parasitically in the near future, if it doesn't already exist no. Teenage girls can be brutal in a way that no boy can match.
