Waterlelies is a well-made first film from France on young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with specialized, slightly purified materials that just as offend some as it does to others. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class teenage girls in a neat new Paris suburb. Their lives revolve around a large indoor pool where two out of three are part of a synchronized water ballet team. <br /> <br /> Such distractions as parents, brothers and sisters, work and school are neatly cut out of the comparison. The central sensitivity belongs to the attractive but thin Marie (Pauline Acquart), who is not on the team, but thinks she wants to be. Marie worships Floriane (Adèle Haenel), a loving blonde and team that the boys are after. It takes Marie away from her former best friend, also a member of the water ballet team, the somewhat plump Anne (Louise Blachère). Being less special Anne is more truly accessible to the boys. Floriane, like this movie, promises a little more than she really offers. Marie has the more essential quality for a teenage girl: she suffers from inside. Florists do not suffer as much as jumps in situations and then bolt. <br /> <br /> Marie is blinded by the sparkle of the water ballet as well as Floriane. Floriane takes advantage of this by first making Marie her slave and covering her orders, and missing out on other friends, her confidant. All the other girls think Floriane is a slut, an illusion she encourages in the men and boys who bother them because it leads them. She suffers from the beautiful girl's fate not to be a person, but an object, and she cannot resist the validation that the boys give her by wanting to kiss her and beg her, but she gives Not really for any of them and know her involvement with them is a trap. To get Marie to act as her doll so her (invisible) mother doesn't know she's going to get boys, but she also gets Marie to rescue her later from the boys. It first looked the opposite, but Floriane needed Marie as much as Marie thought she needed her. Anne was left with her discomfort with her body and a desire to be laid, it is nicer and more real than the other girls. <br /> <br /> To keep all external context at bay, Sciamma can emphasize subtle shifts in the delicate comparison of the three girls' goals and interactions. On the other hand, the film's water quarrel, which is very drowsy and spit, as well as underwater swimsuits, at times makes it completely airless and some of the 95 minutes don't go so fast. Fortunately, the movie has a sense of humor and sometimes the trio sometimes forgets their perpetual purposes and avoidances and only does silly, senseless girl stuff. It's the cute moments that give the movie life; too bad in a way that there is no more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of her obsessions and what stays like one walks out of the theater is the personalities and their dynamics. Along the way it is nice to watch the swim and look at the girls, who understandably like to see themselves. <br /> <br /> There's not a great revelation or drama on the go, but things get a little more interesting as it turns out that Marie not only admires, but Floriane desires and jealous of her boyfriends - what Floriane always stop before they go completely. In a typical irony of this kind of plot, Floriane actually decides that she wants her first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who runs away because she knows it's not important to Floriane for her. When that happens, it's a rogue, mechanical thing. Meanwhile, Anne has a great luck at Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course he is at Floriane. Boys are not an element that has been subtracted and there are always a few dozen at the pool or on the dance floor, but these are just bodies and faces, available studs.
