The meaning of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "The Birth of the Octopuses", is rather obscure. It may not be surprising that it was marketed in English-speaking countries as "Water Lilies". The "lilies" of the English title are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of a synchronized swimming team in the suburbs of Paris. The film is a drama about developing their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One feature of the movie, perhaps unusual for such a film, is that it focuses solely on relationships between the young people themselves. We see nothing about their parents or their teachers and very little of the adult world. The three girls are very different, and are portrayed very differently. The shy, retiring Marie is slim and small and seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is something of a plain Jane, Floriane a glamorous blonde who is very popular with the boys. The three, along with an attractive male swimmer, named Francois, are involved in what can be described as a love quad. <br /> <br /> Anne fell in love with Francois, but he is defeated with Floriane, who seems to give back his passions, though he is not her only male fan. In fact, not all Florian's admirers are masculine, because Marie has a loved one at her attractive friend. The film diagrams the way their friendship develops; In the first place, it seems that Floriane only uses Marie as a convenient excuse if she actually goes out of the family to meet. her parents probably objected to her young boys, but had no objection to her to go with female friends. Later, however, we realize that despite Floriane's image as the sexy, popular girl who is always the center of male attention, she actually reaffirms Marie's feelings. The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and a little thick figure, typically looks "but", but she is the only one of the three main characters who are unambiguously heterosexual, while the more conventional female Marie and the glamorous Floriane are lesbians, or at least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Upcoming age films are common enough, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial subject of teen lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, treat sensitively with his subject, with three very good performances by his three leading actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between the characters, especially those between Marie and Floriane, are complex and capable of a number of interpretations. (For example, can Floriane only use Marie for sex, or does she really have romantic feelings for her? Can Floriane's finite behavior with Francois and the other boys be just a device to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? Hide it from herself ?) This was the first film made by his young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); On this basis, she must be regarded as a highly promising newcomer. 10/07
