This one is a skirt; many Trek fans do not rate it as high as the well-known all-time classic episodes, because it does not have the deep meaning or undertones of the truly grand, but this one is so well executed for what it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it always makes my personal list of the top half dozen episodes, no matter what mood I am. Several well-known future movies ("Westworld") and TV shows (the more mere Fantasy Island) the premise of this episode (then, of course, the TNG show has renewed the concept of the holodeck technology). Beautifully filmed (especially in the restored version and on DVD) and directed, it takes place in the beautiful park-like environment of a planet where the Enterprise has just arrived. It's strange that there is no animal life, even insects, here (for example, flowers are pollinated), but things get really strange when landing party members begin to see people of their past (Kirk has a human-heavy past, it turns out), as well as figures from other famous fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-fashioned police revolver (no doubt at his sword collection). <br /> <br /> At this point in the Trek range (halfway to the first season), the main characters have pretty much strengthened in the old friends we will get to know over the years. Here we really see that they relax, chat and work together to find out this puzzle of this episode. The strong story is again a mystery, and the audience goes along for the ride as Kirk and friends try to unravel a very bizarre. series of events that have a definite amusing taste for them. It is almost erratic, followed by the carefree style erected on the starship. Kirk eventually ended up in the radiation after he had definite signs of tension and fatigue (the business suggested it, just completed a grinding mission). Then dr. McCoy killed by a knight to horse; Yes, it's Dr McCoy's final episode ... just joke. But it's not a joke for the rest of the landing party at this point in the story. McCoy is really dead for all purposes and, like the best Trek episodes, the 2nd half of this adventure rises to a more furious, more desperate rate of action and tension. This is all pointed out by Kirk's definite response to Sulu, who declared his lack of understanding of any of these events just after McCoy's death. Kirk will come to the bottom of all this, come what may. <br /> <br /> But, it doesn't get much easier for Kirk: it's probably the longest celebrated mano-a-mano battle for the series like Kirk Intermediate with his nemesis of his school days, a battle left over. half of the planet occurs. Yet it is struck by scenes of extraordinary tenderness, with another of Kirk's well-known acquaintances. This episode runs the spectrum of all human experience, rather appropriate in light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that has happened, as opposed to an uncanny approach that permeates many other fantasy and sci-fi series with similar plot lines (inexplicable appearances by people who may not be there). And there is actually a sub-text for the story - that our people must work in a particular way from our stress and fatigue, or we don't work in a 'normal' natural way. Also note the appearance of the very cute Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return to the first Trek movie in 1979. I believe that even after this episode, Trek fans could no longer wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with a final, perhaps disappointing thought: if McCoy was murdered (which is verified by Spock), how do we know it was our real McCoy who returned to the ship? Perhaps this explains why this McCoy inspects astronomical charts a century later and works very well with Data.
