Another episode from childhood that I, as an adult, look back with a different perspective. It was one of my favorite childhood episodes, one that really confirmed my worship of this show. However, when reading this episode after 20 years, I would say it is definitely one of the lighter, fun and entertaining games, instead of the dramatic and well-built story lines in previous episodes in this, their first and best season. . Maybe this episode was also written for a small fan of R&R! As Mr Spock would say, the story is just not logical, but there are some entertaining lines like of course Mr. Spock's final one at the end - when he asked captain McCoy et al if they enjoyed their R&R and R and R. their answer affirmatively, he raised an eyebrow and said "fascinating ..." in the way Mr. Spock could do it. An interesting story line, of course, the idea that an amusement park is actually amusing (instead of, for example, the fake and often annoying "entertainment" of Disneyland), actually making the wishes of true. Really, a good idea, but not so well executed. And come from Theodore Sturgeon, one of the great SF short story writers who used them in the first season, wondering how much is dedicated to the script entered by Sturgeon. <br /> <br /> Now, here's a little trivia I've learned on this site: In 1987, James Gunn wrote the Theodore Sturgeon Award for the best short science fiction story. And I will quote the rest of this site: In 1968 he wrote {Sturgeon} "The Joy Machine", a third writing for the Star Trek TV series {Amok Time the other}, which was never shot. The main reason that it was not used in the series is that it contains expensive special effects series that will be too much for their budget. However, the script was adapted in a book by Sci-Fi writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would summarize this episode is still still very enjoyable, especially if not too much is thought of. Just laugh and enjoy it and the next episode can come back to the serious things to protect the universe.
