Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but deficient scientist dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) is finally working on making things visible again after becoming invisible through his own serum. They test the serum on an already invisible Gorilla and it works perfectly, Caine and his assistant's team, but while reporting the breakthrough to his military supporters, Caine wants to be the first invisible person. He can persuade his team to help him and the procedure works well. Caine becomes invisible, but if they try to bring him back, the serum fails and remains invisible. The team desperately looks for an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly loses his grip on reality because he realizes what power he has, but it can't be used in a lab. But then he is invisible again, he can do anything he wants. <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven. I rather loved Hollow Man. You know it's just after Christmas, I saw it a few hours ago on the late night / early morning cable TV and worst of all I feel sick, not because of the movie, but because of the chocolate and fizzy pop I've had over the past week so I'll keep this one short. The writing of Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent fit, but it carries a little in the middle and has a good central premise. It takes its basic idea that invisibility will make you mad, as in the original The Invisible Man (1933) film that Hollow Man obviously owes a little. It manages a small successful blend of horror, sci-fi and action and offers good entertainment value for 110 strange minutes. I thought the character was OK, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good, although I think it's generally known that Verhoeven is not in subtlety. The first thing he has with the invisible Caine is that he sexually molestes one of his team & then when he gets into the outside world, he has Caine rape a woman with the justification "who will know" that Caine says to himself. Then of course there are the gore, he shows that a rat is torn apart and it's just the opening scene after the credits. To be fair, the violence is a bit more sparse, but it has quite a nasty and sadistic tone about it. . Since I love horror / gore / exploitation movies that Hollow Man gives me, it's just that it can't be everyone's cup of tea. <br /> <br /> Director Verhoeven does a good job, or should the special effects boys make him look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are really spectacular and more or less flawless, their brilliant and so simple and straight forward. There are also some good horror and action pieces here, even if the climate fight is a bit top-notch. I love the effect that Kevin Bacon disappears one at a time with the ears, organs and legs on full display or when the reverse happens to the Gorilla. There are a few greedy moments, including a rat that is being eaten, someone is spearheaded and someone has opened their head with bloodshed. <br /> <br /> With a staggering budget of about $ 95,000,000 Hollow Man is technically flawless, I can suggest DVD interviews where some special effects, Boffin, say they've portrayed Bacon's entire body to the last year they actually did because you know that everyone who looks will see if one of his veins disappears or is in the wrong position is it? The acting was OK, Bacon was made for a good mad scientific anti-hero type man. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of the snake big budget Hollwood extravaganzas where the effects and action take the middle stage over any kind of meaningful story. or character is but to be brutally honest, sometimes we all like it in a movie, and I do know it. Good solid big budget entertainment with a slightly nastier and darker streak than the usual Hollywood product, which is definitely worth a watch.
