Many IMDB comments on this movie seem biased, trying to compare it to an older version. True, "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of all kinds of "THE UNLOCKED MAN", but that's where the agreements end. "HOLLOW MAN" is an entertaining movie, period. If you watch a movie with the goal of finding as many mistakes as possible, you shouldn't even watch movies. True, some movies are simply awful and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and remind you what you would do if you were invisible and if you had your exam with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon stars as an eccentric scientist who, along with a team of co-workers, discovers the way to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working as you might guess for the Pentagon) think they have the formula to make animals visible again, Kevin Bacon volunteers will be the first to try the new experimental drug. Then things go wrong, of course, because Kevin Bacon remains invisible for the rest of the film and is obliged to wear a latex mask so his associates know where he is. Feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take over Kevin's character, and if he finds out that his ex-girlfriend and co-worker (Elisabeth Shue) has a cruel relationship with another young scientist in the team, he eventually cuts. The movie then becomes a hybrid of 'Alien' and a bumper, but it doesn't say it's a bad turn. There are scarce and cold fever and the movie is moving at a good pace. The special effects are (a quality that always occurs in ALL Paul Verhoeven's films), as we see some body reconstitution series that have never been seen on a movie. If there is something to complain about, the predictability of the situations in this is possible; By the first hour of the movie you know, Kevin Bacon will make a leap of strange and eccentric to eventually be a murderous. And the end is a bit sudden, but despite that, HOLLOW MAN is still worth watching. If you want to know what a VERY bad movie is, then waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or the worse THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh", with Land Henriksen). Now it's "hollow"! 8 * out of 10 *!
