The heater warning is for the people who want to see for themselves which animals and landscapes pass their eyes, although I do not mention it in great detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is about. 90 minute theater version based on the "Planet Earth" I watched all on BBC TV. The TV version was told by David Attenborough, a fascinating commentator, which I did for the Earth, but Patrick Stewart, Star Trek's captain Picard. There are regular shots of Earth from space, so it may be appropriate. Anyway, he has a nice enough and calm voice for it. There are 12 chapters in which we follow the animal life on Earth from North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animal families, polar bear, elephant and whale appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" starts with an indication of how far from the north pole or equator it is. We see something of every kind of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungle, a near perfect representation of the variety of life and landscapes and climate on earth. You get the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people or towns or cities are not in the movie, so it is a typical nature documentary but breathtakingly shot and accompanied by wonderful music. When the film opened, I knew it would end too soon for me. It's a family movie, so no brutal murders of any animal. When one is trapped by his hunter, the shot ends and in other cases where the prey is caught, it is shot slowly. This makes it less violent and viewable for young children (age limit 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is shed. Some scenes (newborn animals) are very cute and will be worshiped by children. It looks like an ordinary movie, but if you know how many shooting days it takes (4000) and how much money it costs, it becomes an even more amazing piece of beauty. It had a Dutch premiere yesterday, a month before the actual release, in a 500-seat cinema, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely interesting for movies, it seems. Of course, as I knew the TV series, I was very curious if my favorite scenes made it into this movie. Some did not, but the impressive shots (huge waterfalls) happily listened. It was the first time I ever cried in a natural movie.
