I heard nothing but the big things from the 2006 television mini-series, "Planet Earth", told by my childhood idol David Attenborough. However, whether it's certified here in Australia or not, have I never caught sight of it, and when I had the opportunity to see Earth (2007)? a function-length composition of the same natural image? On the big screen I jumped at the chance. The theater was basically empty; Only one other patron sat in front of me and it was as if I had not just the big screen for myself, but indeed the whole planet Earth. For 90 minutes I was reduced to the beauty and dangers of the isolated wilderness, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever captured on film. Awesome in its scope, yet painfully intimate at times, 'Earth' is a genuine plea by the filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and how people's invasion of many glorious animal and plant species placed the extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, claiming to be the conservation of the desert, it is being kept from propaganda and the puzzle that is political is completely ignored; Indeed, there is no one in sight. Instead, we are simply taken on a breathtaking journey to the majesty of the natural world, to experience the resilience, and also the fragility of life on earth. I hear that the original mini-series, which ran for eleven episodes, lies deeper in the scientific background of world ecosystems, but I think the filmmakers here are a wise decision to replace information with emotional impact. I can "I remember the last time I feel so inspired, yet totally sad at the same time. Creating an emotional link between the audience and a few individual animals, which they market to some degree, we can suddenly appreciate the "human side" of each species. Their hopeless fate for survival becomes less statistical and more unacceptable. tragedy. <br /> <br /> "Earth" consists mainly of a variety of dramatic episodes, whether it's the battle of a female polar bear to guide her young cubs to the Arctic ice, or the bumping of an elephant herd to the life-saving seasonal flood waters of the Okavango Delta. The documentary shows the delicate balance between life and death, most heartbreaking exhibits in the desperate ballet of predator prey interactions. Although it is sometimes possible to address a younger audience, the footage at the critical moment cuts off briefly. I often shook off the inevitability of death in nature and burn the raw instincts that survive these animals' final, hopeless attempts. There is even a ghostly beauty found in the hunt, both in the slow-motion footage of a cheetah laying down its prey (due to a single fatal slip), or the majestic mid-air speed of a Great White Shark. as it swallows a fearless seaweed. It is this weakened balance disrupted by the egoism of our own species. <br /> <br /> Apart from these main stories, we are also dealing with short pieces of wildlife from around the world, including the birds of paradise of Papua New Guinea, and the autumn migration of the demo taps. Of course, whole movies can only be dedicated to these species and an inevitable consequence of sifting so many footage is that some interesting ecosystems are quickly taken by far. By choosing to focus best on the polar bear, elephant and humpback whale? track down their lifestyles, via an amazing high-definition time-lapse photography, during a calendar year ?? the filmmakers were able to avoid structural problems that were due to so much to show, and only 90 minutes to show them. As a result, the "Earth" thirsts for more, and fortunately I now have about eleven o'clock, as soon as I can find a copy of the "Planet Earth" DVD set. Exciting and tearful, awesome and heartbreaking, 'Earth' is a wonderful documentary experience, and this may be my favorite movie of 2007.
