City Hall takes the politics of a city rather than country, state or any kind of big political table. Admittedly, it shines on New York City, which is particularly a major political arena, but it is still on a smaller scale, putting the microscope on a few key players in a city-wide scandal attacked by the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very familiar with the elements of the excitement that Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance have done. I think he includes so many of the formal thriller genre in many ways that it's almost a mistake. I mean City Hall is meant to be a political drama, not an excitement, but instead, when everything is said and done, and as soon as you get to the meat and potatoes of the movie, it feels and looks like an excitement but a decent one of the important part of the recipe that immediately stands out ... what else ... or rather who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins by giving you a very good look at life in the mayor's office and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, it expands its political spectrum to include a democratic boss and its connections, and then we are introduced to some of the things that happen within the city. As events unfold, a mystery begins and the political aspect is kind of left in the background, but it still has a brilliant set-up. <br /> <br /> I absolutely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean even if he ever gave a good performance, how can I ever say it? The man is acting kingdom. There's just something brilliant about his whole attitude. In the city hall, Pacino is the mayor of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately appears to be a very striking politician. He also delivers one of the most powerful and engaging speeches I have ever seen at James Bone Funeral. I watched the speech again four times and the first time I saw it, Pacino gave it, my mouth opened and I almost wanted to get up and complain. It was brilliantly written and rendered brilliantly by Pacino. John Cusack, who I really enjoy as an actor, turns into a mediocre and exaggerated performance as deputy mayor Kevin Calhoun. He's kind of the focus of the movie and he and Pacino have good chemistry when they're on the screen, but there's just something in this show ... he seems to be trying too hard. His accent is just bizarre, and although he is supposed to kill and be intimidating, he doesn't seem to pull it off. Perhaps he had a movie. Bridget Fonda, on her way out of high-stakes, is doing a good job as a lawyer for widows Marybeth Cogan. Her performance is very similar to Cusack's because she just doesn't find her groove with this character. Danny Aiello is great, although his character is somewhat under investigation as a democratic boss with ties to mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as judge under the supervision of Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with City Hall is clear in my review of the characters and actors. Everyone is ... okay. There is a lot of storytelling that they are trying to convey without really showing it and it just leaves you a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And of course you have Al Pacino in a fairly small supporting role, but he is absolutely brilliant about it and shifts and overshadows every other actor in the film. It almost feels as if they are intimidated by being on their screen. So City Hall could have been this great political epic drama / thriller, but it feels cut and ticked off to an average run of the mills BUT it still has to be seen for Pacino and another revolves around the inner workings of politics. If you don't see this movie, than to find Pacino's speech at James Bone funeral, because the word electrifying doesn't seem fair, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible, because in a mediocre movie he draws this muurop a speech and make you feel. If you're a John Cusack fan I am, he definitely did better, but he's the main character and he gets his justice. A decent movie, but unfortunately potential loss. 7.5 / 10
