The movie is about a classic theme. In fact, it's about Batman's theme, from start to finish, but in real-life data and details. The Mayor of New York, appreciated and very diligent and dynamic, to get something through a bit faster than normal, gives some pressure from some private business contractors over a criminal drug dealer who had to ship and in the jailed. In turn, the judge pressured him to release him on trial, despite a negative trial report that disappeared, but not being destroyed, only because of its political value. And what would happen, and a few people, including a black schoolboy, were killed in a shooting between a police detective and the criminal. The city may explode because of it: racial tension due to the black school boy and social tension due to the insecurity that such criminals are free to move around and engage in their criminal activities, represented to the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show the tension very well and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to find out the truth and find out. But under the way a few witnesses are killed, and those who played a role in the whole business, are forced to retire (the judge) to end their career and life (the contractor or contractor goes between ), a government official who was ready to deliver the disappeared trial report, and a shady character after providing important information. The Mayor retires and takes a long vacation; But the main interest of the film is in exploring the distortions the mayor is doing to cover the problem and the turmoil he has remembered in the past that led to the mistake of this trial. The political philosophy that nothing pure white or pure black is and everything is gray that is never comfortable for decision-makers is argued as an excuse for wrong but lucrative decisions. We are not talking about essential compromises to come to some degree of consensus in some areas of interest to public interest. We talk less importantly to take a bad decision about a small or so-called small criminal than some infrastructure or economic project in the city. It's not typical of New York. This is true in any mayor's office. It is more important in quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area such as New York and of course in a city or country where police departments are municipal and controlled by political imperatives. So the young deputy mayor pushed the old mayor off and he derailed his ambition to be the governor of New York to become the US president. The Mayor is perfect because of the personalization Al Pacino offers us, as he can express ten minutes of dialogue with one facial expression that makes the whole dialogue useless. I find the end slightly juicy with the former deputy mayor who camps in his own name. It seems he was so entitled because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. So he is no better than everyone else, but just too young in his ambition. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris University 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & Versailles University Saint Quentin and Yvelines
