Wow ... another 5 hours from Riget. Lars continues with the great combination of occult, dark horror and soap opera drama. Summary exactly where the last episode of the previous series ran away (with the same high intensity and voltage, although not expensive, better or worse), this installation in the franchise looks slightly more bent ... In the last series there was a day or a week between each episode, while it is clear one long piece ... where one episode ends, the next. Many can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and pretty eccentric. Both features show in this. The plot remains its excellence, and now gives a few regular characters who paid more attention to less important players in the previous four episodes. Basically every character of the first returns goes at least as far as the main roles. The pacing is not as sharp as in the first part, and I got less through this one. It is not in any way to say that it did not involve me, though ... I still constantly looked at myself and reacted strongly on several points, often out loud, to what was going on (extremely unusual behavior for me is an incredibly quiet person), as I was also the first person. Like the first, it also brings some charged ethical questions. Based on the foundation of the first, it brings the story further ... and to be a successor, the size is also bigger. Bigger. More spirits, more bizarre events, more subplots. The strong graphic material for the first time back, and that's a notch kick. The characters are further developed. The acting is wonderful, like that of the first. Udo Kier strengthens his great talent, to anyone who has doubted it. Play a very difficult character (anyone who has seen the first series is likely to find out what I mean) * and * who are in a language he didn't speak (he was later mentioned) ... and still so Strongly handed in action. The cinematography remains large, and is still very handy, with fast zooming and taking it occasionally long. The editing is sharp, with some direct cuts in sound (though more prominent in the first). Now, with all that said, I'd really like to rate it as a perfect 10 ... or at least just below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I didn't regret it at all. But it does have shortcomings ... one had the first part and more. First, the humor just takes up too much space ... and this time it's even worse. There are several new regular characters out there for no other reason than comic relief ... three of them, no less. Scenes are set up and performed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. Fine for a comedy, but what does it do in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing less than sadistic, sometimes not? Helmer's lonely secret hidden place of loneliness is changing from the hospital roof ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... to a bathroom. With a corner from inside the bowl. No, you read it right. Generally speaking, the humor seems more low-brown ... more sex and bodily jokes, which again raises the question "Why?". Although most of the writing is excellent, it is very fair. Several scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series (one would guess because of their popularity when broadcast). Sometimes the drama looks a little more bombastic than that of the first, and it sometimes jumps too much. Fortunately, rarely, but still strikingly, plot points and items are easily laid out (a certain character who lives in Denmark for no clear reason, for example ... anyone who saw it knows who I am talking about). The two dishwashers, while still mysterious and informative, become too much of a gimmick ... too exaggerated, eventually I think. However, most of the screens with them are still nice. In addition, I want to assure any reader of that, despite all the negative things I've just written, it's still mostly good ... definitely enjoyable, compelling, powerful ... and in my humble opinion must definitely be seen by anyone who was first liked (although it belongs to that group should not expect the story to be finished after you have looked at it more than you did after the first). I recommend it to any fan of Lars von Trier and anyone who enjoys the first Riget and wants more where it comes from. I appeal to anyone who even considers looking at it to make sure you've seen it first before you do it. I bought it before I bought it first, but I sat down to look until I first bought it and watched it, and I can't tell you how happy I was. Although it contains a brief summary of the events in the first place, there are a lot of details and aspects that you would miss if you didn't see them before you watched them. Slightly less follow-up, but definitely one more to see if you liked the first one. 8/10
