There is the danger with the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film, led by Sophie Fiennes, who gathers a wonderful merger of silent, horror, sci-fi, surreal and other contemporary thrillers to overload his points of Freudian equations . But in the Pervert's Guide to Cinema he even made the far-reaching points a point of departure for any other analysis I saw on a collective part of movies. While not covering the vast area, Scorsese's film documentary coverage is the same, and Zizek has a definite love for all these "perverse" examples and films, mainly the work of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. Yet one should not see it. If you can find it, I should almost see it by thinking. Zizek will just try to put all the psycho-sexual parts or parts in it in a turbulent, confused manner. If he picks up anything that can never be considered otherwise, think of three of the Marx brothers as representations of the Id, Super Ego and Ego. (Harpo's example is best for me). <Br /> <br /> He is not only one to tackle the classic, but also considers the food for thoughts in The Matrix and Fight Club - depicting the split between fantasy and reality and as the matrix the energy as much as the energy requires the matrix for the former and in the attachment of violence in dealing with his own self as well as those who are double in the latter. He even throws some of the turning point in the revenge of the Sith when Anakin Darth Vader becomes, and the implications of avoiding the paternity under the back mask at the moment his children's births happen elsewhere. The ideals of paternity, male sexuality, the masculine point of view of changing fantasy (after which Zizek rightly refers to the moment of a nightmare's creation), and female subjectivity, are perhaps the most death-stricken with Vertigo's investigation. It's also about a scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were the Zapruder movie, analyzing the three conflicting points of psycho-sexual attitude in the blue velvet of the Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now, it would be one thing if Zizek was going to give this sincere, excited and somehow plausible point, just look at the camera or mostly in voice-over like Scorsese. But he goes one step further to emphasize his points of fantasy and reality, and how they overlap, cut, become one or the other, or more materially in some world or original feelings for some characters (ie Lost Highway) spread by himself In these places, the films take place. Funniest first saw him in the boat "on the way" to the same boat Tippi Hedren's boat heads at the start of the birds; Just as funny is he, while lighting the Blue Velvet lawn, he will explain the versatile points of Frank Booth. only one, when in the Solaris-like area, looks a bit cheesy. But Zizek seems to have a lot of fun with this setup, and after a while the potential core of this gimmick gathers, and Zizek's words come through. <br /> <br /> Of course, there were a couple of movies I would have liked to expect, mostly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a surprise for movie buffers comes from two things. The movies one would never want to see in a movie about movies called the Pervert's Guide of Cinema will be the two for me. Disney Pluto cartoon and the breakdown of Chaplin's films, though with a good note about the power and distinction of 'voice' and the one that has not been seen (ie the ventriloquist horror film, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, among a few others that inspire immediate feelings of 'wow', I must see it immediately, no questions asked. "Zizek is a powerful writer with his work and puts it forward with a clarity that reminds one why we are watching movies in the first place, to be entertained, but also to have that real experience to sit and something there as he put it, look at a toilet. This is probably one of the best movies on cinema, and in such a wonderful meticulous analysis of how Freud plays his part in films about desire, the Id / Super Ego / Ego and the supernatural in fantasy you will never see. Unhappy distribution eventually kicks in, if only at the smallest levels.
