"Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesn't give you what you want, it tells you how to covet." <br /> <br /> So starts "The Pervert's Guide to Cinema", in which Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies his Freudian / Lacanian brain spell to world cinema. This three-part film is the second feature documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, Ralph and Joseph's sister). This is a remarkable achievement, speaking at 2 1/2 hours of one man and still humorous and engaging throughout. Essentially, it is an extensive movie reading, and one of the best you can ever get. In the course of the film, Zizek leads us through a catalog of obsession and desire in film history. He touches over 40 films and spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, the Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he also looks at 'Persona', 'The Conversation', 'Three Colors: Blue', 'Dogville', 'Fight Club' and 'The Exorcist'. Thematically, Zizek's investigation into the theater ranges from thoughts of death to "co-ordinates of desire" and of Gnosticism to "partial objects." <br /> <br /> The Pervert's Guide will be a little better experience if you took a few minutes to build your basic Freudian terminology. But even if you're not in psychoanalytical theory, Zizek's dynamic and hilarious personality brings the film forward with such gusto that you probably won't stick to the specialized lingo. The film regularly cuts film clips into images of Zizek * inside the movie he is talking about - it's in the original places and sets. The transitions in these sequences sustain so much tension and humor that the trick never gets old. And Zizek himself constantly makes us laugh, either from bizarre jokes or from his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, a bold Oedipal interpretation of "The Birds." And this go-ahead-and-laugh attitude, on the parts of both Fiennes and Zizek, is essential for the gonzo character of the film. It is the spoonful of sugar that helps us digest Zizek's foreign medicine. After all, don't we all have the feeling that about a certain point psychology theorists just pull our bones?
