He is greasy, sweaty, slightly cross-eyed and restless. He stands before us and calls himself a perversion. He claims that we ?? the movie viewers ?? Consider the screen as a toilet bowl, and are all in the secret of the wish that all the trees should explode inside. He is unpredictable and scary. Good ??? Come on, you could guess now: he is one of the leading philosophers of our time. <br /> <br /> Slavoj ?? me ?? I am both a narrator and a subject of Sophie Fiennes' extraordinary new film, A Pervert's Guide to the Cinema. Fiennes illustrates a functional reading by me and I do it in two ways: through exemplary movie shows and in a real (or reconstructed) place of the movie he's talking about. It is always nice to watch neatly subtitled scenes of big movies (although Revenge of the Sith also got here), but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide ?? am i? I myself. What makes the movie so nice to look at is the irreplaceable question that one cannot help but ask over and over again: What is more outrageous, ?? I ?? I'm overlooking or? I? Screen's presence? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (? I? I !, 05), the Slovenian philosopher at one stage confessed to being silent. Because he thinks he doesn't exist in the first place, the only way to make all other people believe is to do it to talk constantly and feverishly. And talk he did and how. Also a Pervert's Guide ?? is dominated by his voice ?? deliver the perfect English in the crazy way, and make some amazing points about the theater. <br /> <br /> What is it? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's reluctance to speak photo as a sign of a universal fear of voice itself (kind of alien force taken over by humans, think of the ventriloquist segment of Dead of Night [45]). He says the perverse nature of the theater teaches us to desire certain objects, not to provide us. He identifies Groucho Marx as super ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as id. He says a million other interesting things, and all the time we can't look away from him, so persuasive (and engaging) is his appearance. At one point I couldn't help but stared at his thick, slender hair and wondered what a brain was lying down. Of course, I long for more insights. <br /> <br /> Most remarkable is I? I am the lectures of Lynch and Hitchcock (which is not surprising as he wrote both of them). The cumulative effect of many brilliant machined cuts from their respective jobs made those parts of me? I remember reading and ?? Unlike others? difficult to argue, because he really got really good at these two directors. For example, it is not for his reading of Tarkovsky, on whom he relentlessly imposes his own complete materialistic view of reality, exactly what is so remarkable in Tarkovsky (namely, strong religious intuitions and images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether I? I am inspiring and brilliant because he is; or Fiennes film is worth watching, as it is. The right question is rather: is I? I see coherently? One clever observation after another makes for an overwhelming intellectual ride, but after the whole thing is over, doubts remain. For example: considering Vertigo (58)? I declare that what is hidden behind the human face is a perfect void, which makes the face itself just a facade: meaning a deception in its own way. However, when we hear in the final order of the slow light of City Lights (31) as a portrait of one person who is totally exposed to another, it is difficult not to ask: what about the whole facade happened? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face intrinsic value of the right thing and deprive Kim Novak of the same privilege in two brave regions ??? Or maybe the incoherent is also read in Lacan's terms? (The name of the notorious "illegible" French psychoanalyst is fundamental to? I think.) The film has all the virtues of a beautiful two and a half hour reading: lots of land covered, many perspectives employed, even made some first class wisecracks (when I was traveling on a Melanie Daniels boat from The Birds [63] and trying to think like she did, he came up: "I want to f ** k Mitch!"). But it also has a shortcoming that is not two hours and half hours as such: it is almost obsessively digressive. ?? I? I'm talking about how far we are from the Real, is as good as any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after about 80 minutes it becomes clear that one of me? My perverted pleasure is to walk over and over, changing subjects constantly. Overall effect is to be swept away by a giant, cool, fizzing wave: at the same time you are surprised, refreshed, in danger of death and no end to confusion. When you're ready to watch, your head is full of ideas that aren't your own and you're planning to watch movies again? but you also share a feeling of calamity. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is: do I have? I lost it? Or didn't we even get close to the right thing? Once cinephilia is punished with imprisonment, we will all meet in one big cell and eventually talk to each other (no movies to change our faces). I dare you all: who will have enough tarts to approach? I ?? and defend him? My guess is that if you first look into real life in those eyes, you become a believer.
