Her Deadly Contender (1995): Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly , Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford .... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> The author Harry Hamlin (of LA Law fame, Clash of The Titans and other films) looks perfect in this movie "Lifetime", directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife, Lisa Rinna, will later work on a film about sex addiction. "Her Deadly Contender" is similar at first glance to the better known Hollywood box office hit "Fatal Attraction". In a rival, happy married couple, Jim and Kris Lanford, move into a new home in the typically beautiful suburbs. They have the seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer put her eyes on Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite an effort by Jim and even investigators to discover who she is. She is constantly struggling with Jim through calls and letters. His marriage is almost as fast as his wife begins to think he has a relationship and tries to cover it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the movie - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - each stay straight out of a soap opera. But it is a very stressful drama and has its good moments. There is a turn at the end. Destroyer warning. All I have to say is "her deadly competitor" was just herself. Based on a so-called real case, Jim's wife, Kris, suffered from several personality disorders and destroyed her marriage. Even if the story is not terribly impressive, even if the play is just a step above soap opera play, this movie has its moments. Especially the intimate scenes move between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim learns the truth, he cannot believe what he has just heard. The movie is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it is the kind of TV movie that usually does well, especially at lifetime, which continues to produce such films, of the "domestic thriller" type or verleidingstories. Trashy, but everyone loves trash.
