Everyone has a first love, and although it is difficult to define that feeling when you are younger, there is pain in you. That's what Malaysian filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad tries to prove in her fourth function, a movie where the most complex emotions are told in a deceptively simple, simple way. Such an approach is especially convenient in this case, as the love story at the core of the film involves two twelve-year-olds, and therefore any attempt at a deeper 'analysis' would seem and pretentious. The fact that they do not, is also testimony to the amazing performances of leading non-actors, Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The earlier plays Orked (already seen as an adult character in Ahmad's previous photo, Gubra), a lively, almost rebellious girl who is perhaps influenced by her "British" education (her mother studies in England), despise with dolls, prefer to play violent sports with the boys. Then one day she met Mukhsin (Naswip), who came to spend the holidays at his aunt's house, and suddenly she changed her habits: goodbye fist fights, hello cycling and tree climbing. But what does that mean? Are they just friends or something more implied, something that none of them is yet right to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the lead players, the questions answer the limits of impossible, and so, as in several "smaller" films (Lost Translation occurs), there is no real closure, a choice that leaves a bittersweet, but ultimately satisfying aftertaste: the naturalistic, unfiltered play (especially Aryana's) gets almost to heart, and a strong supportive role (Orked's family, most of all) helps the minimalist story fun to seduce. The approach to the earth is not always as effective (the hilarious subplot of adulterous neighbors has dropped too early) and it is difficult to justify the bizarre Pulp Fiction reference at the beginning of the function, but the emotional power of The teen romance is enough to make it an interesting piece of independent Asian theater.
