The movie starts in a classroom environment where not surprisingly, our main actress Orked is seen in a Chinese language class. Later in the film she was asked why (by Mukhsin) she was sent to teach Mandarin. Her answer was simply for a child she is; coz she is already known as the Malaysian language. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of a romance that can be thought of, but once you've stopped reading and going too many critics, you'll see the typical elements of Malaysia. The film basically focuses on 10-year-old Orked who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game many of which would think of him as a boy's game. Mukhsin (who was in that town was out of the game), had to allow Orked to play in the game, showing her the masculine side of her. Orked is not such an ordinary girl, because she shows more of the male behavior that you will see in the movie, defending Mukhsin against very violent encounter with her school bulls, throwing one of the bully's bag out of the bus box, throwing bumps and kicked on Mukhsin's brother after which he continued Mukhsin and so on and so on. Both were incredible friends, and it was approaching, but with a slight misunderstanding that most of us all respond in the same way, they both divorced until the day Mukhsin left town. <br /> <br /> The movie now shows the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started out as friends, but slowly evolved into a bit more of a closer relationship and then to BGR. You will see the changes that Yasmin made in the movies for every starring and actress when they go by love. The different character is expressed with eagerness and light humor. The screens were all random, but it depicted so much reality that you've long been jammed on the screen. You will love the movie for what it is, and not because you want to be patriotic for the local scenes, it means more. <br /> <br /> As the film wraps around the two birds of love, it also manages its lens toward Orked's parents, her mother who was educated in England, and speaks English very well and in which her husband and the caretaker in the house with many efforts trying to speak their own English, which humor was all the way indeed. Just let me explain why humor can be such a prominent thing in this movie. And that explanation or description you can portray can be given in only one word and that is RANDOMNESS. Often we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. It's just like Jack Just's Just Follow Law movie. Often when we are ourselves, we do not see the person in us who we are, but once we are in another's body, we will only learn to see who we really are. And that's how humor also applies, more than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The movie is filled with such a randomness that the typical facts of our routine life as we have carried it out can be filled all the way if we want it. <br /> <br /> The other focus of this movie was on how Orked's neighbor, a couple in whom the man no longer loves his wife, wanted to find another. As he approached, Koboi was seen polishing his motorcycle daily and fetching it with his newly found girl. The producer may not have shown you how the man wanted another woman. The woman was a real butler or KPC as we would call Chinese, interrupting other people's affairs and sending her own daughter to hear Orked, who would only use adults. After all, what's going on, come around, and that's probably why bad things, like what happens to her, will happen. Anyway, to be nice to people around you will not be hurt at all unless you have an ego to protect, but again, what is it worth? The movie is also central to Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who goes to town late at night, smoking, drinking and also finding 'girls'. He's the complete opposite of Mukhsin, but it's all because of family problems. Both brothers stayed with their aunt and the parents were far from them. I will no longer reveal the storyline as it would be much of an interest to find it for yourself, but the least of all the elements the producer wanted to send to the viewers is the life of us. everyone. She wanted us to at least see life from our own perspective if we were not ourselves. Movies in a way, take us out of our own body, put us in the character of the character and then use our empty mind to look at its events. Depending on the type and genre of the movie, you will be fascinated by how a good movie like this will portray and imply an important impact on you.
