Mukhsin is a beautiful film about a first love story. Everyone probably has one, and that is author-director Yasmin Ahmad's story of her, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know her movies are semi-autobiographical, with scenes on her personal experiences, and this is indeed the part and translates these emotions into the big screen. Her films always have a sincere honesty and honesty. Mukhsin is no different, and probably the most polished advertising insured to date (although I must add as a personal bias that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, but this time we go back when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all younger of the movies that we visited with them from Rabun to Gubra, and here, Sharifah Amani's sisters Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya respectively take the roles of Orked and Mak Inom, who may be doing their excellent chemistry together set the screen off. They never thought they were not playing his brother's role. The only constant it seems is Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through Mukshin's film, we come full circle with the characters and the world that Yasmin introduced us. We learn to get to know the family a little more and understand in the days they are still living in their camp (returning to Rabun), where Orked attends a Chinese school and some serious combinations of bumpy suit ( and you're wondering about the burst of energy in Gubra, well, she's been in her since young!). The family's long-standing tomboy and doted child, she prefers to play with the boys in games, rather than senseless mascot masks with the girls, and favorite trips include joining the family to soccer matches. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) to the village, offers Orked a cute expense to hang out and do things - cycling through the villages, climbing trees, kites. And, as desired, crossing the line between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his resentful moments that deliver and laugh the story, because some of the incidents we would have experienced it ourselves and sometimes serve as a setback for our own memory of childhood. In short, the scenes shouted "fun"! We see life in a typical kampung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, the nose-like parkers and rumor mongers, spread bad gossip because of envy. There are 2 additional family dynamics, one of an immediate neighbor, and the other of Mukhsin's own, both serving as sufficient subplots, and contrast with Orked's own. <br /> <br /> As always, Yasmin's movies are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin, it has something special, the song "Hujan" written by her father, as well as "Ne Me Quitte Pas", adapted to the movie. Given that Yasmin's movies are around the center up to date Same characters, the beauty of it is that you can see them as stand-alone, or when you watch and join, make a compelling family drama about different themes and universal issues such as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will definitely see the many links in Mukhsin, back to the previous movies, while new audiences will surely be curious to find out what and how important it is for recurring characters or events, such as the pudgy boy stealing on Orked. <br /> <br /> And speaking of who, parts of Mukhsin are also remarkably open, which is probably characteristic of Yasmin's style, or deliberately left as such. I thought that if a childhood story is reminded of memory, then there are details that will be left out. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin exhibited it perfectly, with not so detailed details, and the focus on what can be remembered in key episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie and a rare one that I feel suitable for all ages - bring your child's brother or sister together!
