If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and about all the political details and plot, let me tell you, you've chosen the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of war as it happened in Mallorca, a small island along the coast of Spain. When a war like this happens in a small island that almost takes the position of the traitor, there is no war in the open. The soldiers are sent to the front to fight on the continent while another kind of war takes place at home on the small island. There are neighbors telling other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are contrary to the new regime, but many are told because of old family fights, or perhaps the quiet introvert that no friends have, tells someone who wants to " a few points ". And these things don't happen in the open. There were some trials, but many other people would have just awakened in the middle of the night, taken from their homes to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And the next morning the bodies will be found, and people will have an idea of ​​what has happened, but no one will dare to speak or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers who killed someone they have never seen in their lives. We are talking about people who murder their neighbors and say goodbye to their widow the next day, and even attend the funeral for the man who killed them. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everyone. <br /> <br /> I'm from that little island and I've heard the stories my grandparents told me, and I have to say that this movie upset me, oh yes, it did; but I also found it remarkably beautiful and moving. The initial violence is not something the director or writer made up, so it happened during the war. A kid who knows his partner's father is in the fascist team that killed his father? Totally possible. All that happened later? Possibly too. TB was also really. Then my island was not the holiday resort it became. People were poor, illiterate, and worked in small farms. After the war there were times of suffering. <br /> <br /> So, you won't find a war story in this movie, or at least the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political plot. This is the most common type of war, which happens when space is limited (just look at the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight each other and live in a place where everyone knows everyone . You will find a story about the damage that this particular type of war can cause to people and the story of how they survive or maybe they do. <br /> <br /> I need to mention the excellent work. done by the authors who adapted the novel and all the actors, which really sounded to Majorcan. It was remarkable.
