(Including SPOILERS) This movie is definitely the best Amicus production I've seen so far (although I still have quite a few to watch). The Blood-threatened House is a horror omnibus? An anthology that contains four unconscious stories that are the tenants of an evil, holy house in the British countryside. A common mistake in productions like this, is too much energy on the darkened story that connects the separate stories? Peter Duffel's film does not show too much attention. It simply deals with a Scotland Yard inspector who comes home to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and thus learns about the bizarre events that have occurred before. All four stories in this movie are of high quality and together they make a perfect healthy. High expectations are allowed for this movie, as it was completely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that led to the brilliant horrormyl pole `Psycho '?? We also note Peter Duffel's solid and very professional debut as director. <br /> <br /> The four stories ?? chapters if you will In the House that has driven blood, there is a good diversity of topics, but they are (almost) equally cold and rude. Number one deal with a horror author who comes home with his wife to get inspiration for his new book. It started out really well, but after a short while he chased the villain out of his own imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original, but it is very exciting and the climax is quite surprising. The second story star (Hammer) horror legend Peter Cushing as a retired stockbroker. Still haunting the image of an unattainable and long-lost love, he stumbles into a wax image that looks like her. Cushing is a joy to see as always and ?? even if the subject of Wax Museums is not new? this story generally looks fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains some wonderful shock moments and there is a constant tense atmosphere. It's a great warm-up for what is probably the BEST story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this one, as Christopher Lee gives away a flawless portrayal of a terrible father. He is very strict and strict with regard to his young daughter and keeps her in isolation for the outside world. Not without reason, as the girl shows a bizarre fascination for witchcraft and voodoo. Besides Lee's great acting and the remarkable performance of Chloe Franks as the ghostly child, this story also has a tremendous gothic atmosphere! The devilish undertones in this story, along with the turbulent sound effects of thunder, make this story a requirement for fans of authentic horror. The fourth and last story in which a vain horror actor is controlled by the vampire robe he wears is slightly weaker than the other when it comes to tension and credibility, but overloading subtle humor more or less compensates for it. There is even some space for parody in this story as the lead actor refers to fellow student Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! Most memorable element in this last chapter is the presence of the beautiful Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen of "The Vampire Lovers" is definitely one of the many highlights in the film. <br /> <br /> No doubt about that? The House that threatened Blood will be appreciated by classic horror fans. I really believe this is actually one of the few movies that will make you fright and make a big impression. Intelligent and compelling abomination as it should be! Highly recommended. An extra small note, though: this movie may not repeat, should under no circumstances be confused with `The Dorm Who Driven Blood '. The latter is a very annoying and bad underground 80's skater who has nothing in common with this movie, except for the title it stole.
