British production company Amicus is commonly known as the specialist for horror anthologies, and this great omnibus called "The House That Dripped Blood" is undoubtedly the best Amicus production I've seen so far. (Although there are quite a few I have to watch). "The House that Drops Blood" consists of four beautiful macabre stories, all in the same unholy house. These four stories are brought to you in a wonderful Gothic atmosphere, and imaginable with one of the best ensemble works. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors ever), as well as Denholm Elliott and the staggering Ingrid Pitt star in this movie - so what a real horror fan can afford to miss it? No one, of course, and the movie has much more to offer than just a good role. The house that threatened blood revolves around an ominous rural house in which strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Method For Murder", tells the story of author-writer Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott) who moves to the House with his wife. After moving in, the writer suddenly felt haunted by a maniac of his own creation ... The first segment is a big discount for the movie. In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves to the house, and suddenly feels at a mysterious laundry museum in the nearby town ... The great Peter Cushing once again delivers a sublime show, and The rest of the performances are also very good. The story is wonderfully strange, and the second best of the film, to the third. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet", is by far the creepiest and brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves with his girlfriend. The private teacher and nanny Mrs. Norton, Reed employed to teach his daughter is worried about her employer's rigor towards his daughter and is keen to find out why the overprotective father's view of education may have. Best segment maintains a very creepy atmosphere and a truly scary plot. Christopher Lee is as always excellent in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as the nanny, and my special praise goes to 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This ingenious segment alone makes the movie a must-see for every true horror fan. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves with his sexy-lover -star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than it really is Horror. However, it is a very amusing satire and there are plenty of other horror movies. At one point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who stars in the previous third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments have a wonderful macabre sense of humor and a good atmosphere. As mentioned above, the third segment is by far the creepiest and largest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macabrely humorous Horror stories that every Horror lover should appreciate. An upbeat atmosphere, an easy sense of humor, true honesty and a brilliant throw make this one a must-see. In short: "The house that has been blood dripping" is an excellent Horror omnibus that may not be able to afford to miss British Horror. Highly recommended!
