No-nonsense Inspector Hollaway (a solid turn by John Bennett) examines the disappearance of a well-known thespian and exposes the wicked past history of a creepy old house. First and most common story, 'Method for Murder' - Successful author Charles Hillyer (played well by Denholm Elliott) is played by images of the murderous enemy he wrote in his latest book. Although this outing is obvious and predictable to be something special, it builds into a real maze of a real surprise. Second and most impressive anecdotes, "Waxworks" - Lonely Philip Grayson (the exquisite Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend Neville Rogers (the beautiful Joss Ackland) are both surprised by the deceptive wax image of a beautiful but deadly killer. Third and most cold vignette, "Sweets to the Sweet" - Quiet, reserved and mysterious widower John Reid (a typical awesome Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) preserves Ann Norton (the fine Nyree Dawn Porter) to care for for his seemingly cute and harmless daughter Jane (a remarkable, haunting and unrelenting performance by the beautiful Chloe Franks). This outstanding scary episode is given a considerable disturbing boost by the extraordinary action of the gifted child actress Franks, who sees a truly disturbing sense of tranquility, just under a deceptive, sweet and innocent English veneer. Fourth and most amusing yarn, The Cloak. - Pumped horror movie star Paul Henderson (beautifully set up by Jon Pertwee), buys a mysterious mantle that turns him into a vampire when he carries it. This item caters for good, stupid, fun and further benefits from the ferocious sadness of the delicious Ingrid Pitt as enticing vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, written by a lovely macabre and greasy script by genl. Horror writer Robert Bloch keeps a funny fit and does a scramble to create a passionate terrible atmosphere. Kudos is also in order for Ray Parslow's sharp cinematography and Michael Dress's skirmish. Highly recommended to fans of omnibus fright rate.
