I will admit I was biased when I reviewed it, as it was my introduction to the series. I saw this movie for the first time in 2005 on the late night "Fear Friday" at AMC, which often draws obscure jewels like these from colds to new generations. I made it a point to watch the entire Amicus anthology series before reviewing any of them here to make sure I had perspective. Looking back, I still treasure the house that blood has driven as my favorite, followed by Tales From The Crypt and asylum. I think all the elements that make this series attractive - the vintage 60s / 70s style cinematography, creepy to cooky, rushed stories and the exuberant British of all background music ---- have come together better than any of the others overall. The movie centers around a very old English country house and the accident that happens in all the residents. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horror writer and his wife who moved into this remote spot to get a break. The city so he could concentrate on his passion. He creates a murderous character called Dominic and soon begins with great problems telling the reality of fiction. There are subtle physchedelia here through his pain I have almost found. Oh, and the horrible stuff (then again British actors, maybe it really was !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) moving here . escape his loneliness, but exacerbate as he is haunted by lost love. He found that he had found possible salvation at a local (very creepy) washing museum, but it seemed that he would be much better alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story closes the big one Christopher Lee (my fav British horror actor) as a single father with a fairly disturbed and thoroughly horrible young daughter. He is constantly cautious about coming into things she shouldn't dislike! She has a natural talent for it, with good reason. Lee is wonderful here as the ice-cold disciplinary, that man has a real talent for playing characters that are completely without warmth! But in spite of his best efforts, the little troublemaker is indeed learning prohibited knowledge and bad things ...... <br /> <br /> This latest story is the story of a cynical veteran actor who is young director feels he is not working with a proper vampire movie, right on the quality of the costumes and his mantle. So he goes in the middle of a foggy night to an old curiosity shop to get something more "authentic". Little does he know he picked up a true authentic vampire's mantle! To tackle it by midnight has quite noticeable effects. By the time I got this fourth and last story, it was after 3pm and I couldn't even wake up (not from boredom). But I have experienced what I have experienced hundreds of times, a strange band experience that I have with movies or music when I go to bed and sleep and become the movie / music of my dream !! Great fun !! This bizarre story was perfect for that and was much rarer for the first time than it actually was, as I woke up as he was energized by the mantle's power and couldn't understand well what had happened. Not long after, the beautiful Ingrid Pitt, a costume on his movie set, visited and warned her not to put on the mantle at midnight --- but he didn't have to be bothered because she was a true vampire itself. The chintzy keyboard jingle that followed when she flew to the staircase was simply hysterical !! And again in my half-sleep state, it was quite confusing! Side Note: Make sure you get Lee and Pitt together with the beautiful Amicus star Britt Ekland in the all-time classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The worst link here was the interlacing commentary between stories, but based on the stories themselves, it's a classic! I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the 4th because it makes me smile so much. Highly recommended for horror fans and if you are a British horror fan, it is mandatory! I'd say it's worth seeing the series in chronological order if you can. The last film of this series, Monster Club (1980) is definitely the worst. I think the first 3-4 movies except the sometimes temperate Torture Garden (1967) are the best, but if you like any of them, you should watch them at least once. You will probably be back many times to see your favorites.
