Link Story: Another first for me, and again one of the most popular of the Amicus anthologies - and it's easy to see why, although I realize how the movie's meaningless title may be misleading to some. I definitely chose the director Peter Duffell's choice - DEATH AND THE MAIDEN (who, incidentally, is a classic piece by Schubert that is heard in the movie during the Peter Cushing episode) - much more. Although the connector itself is not as good, the episodes are equally compelling and enjoyable. Production values ​​come out as much respect for the budget that Duffell had to work on. The latter adds the film with a great deal of style that is not so common with this type of film and frankly it makes the one he wanted to deviate from the genre rather than seeing it under him. <br /> <br /> Now to the individual stories themselves: <br /> <br /> "Method of murder": The opening segment offers no real surprises, but, to make it easier, it is temporarily haunting and appropriate (Tom Adams' "fictitious" villain looks like Boris Karloff's long-lost brother from THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); Also, it ends with a satisfactory DIABOLIC type twist, and features a fairly intense role for Denholm Elliott in the lead. That's all we really need. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": for the second story we are introduced to a strange romantic mood that is quite unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (as well as impeccably dressed) in their roles of two beloved lovers of a woman who even keeps them busy for such a long time, and whose friendly rivalry can only blindly and relentlessly lead to a lot that is literally worse than death; An ominous hallucination scene with Peter Cushing has been done fairly well in view of the limited resources available, and Ackland's inexplicable inability - or unwillingness - to leave town reminds one of Bunuel's EXTERMINATING ANGEL ( 1962). <br /> <br /> "Sweets To The Sweet": this is perhaps the best episode of all - with its ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee remains his versatility and he is adapted by an understanding of Nyree Dawn Porter and the fraudulent innocence of Chloe Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). The film's treatment of the occult here is both subtle and mature, culminating in a powerful and extremely cold 'curtain'. Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult in the feature sets included on the disc, and when I saw her, I had an immediate familiarity with her face, but I couldn't really put my finger on it. Later, after reading her filmography, it was announced to me that she had played one of the clues in the long-running stage adaptation of Agatha Christie's "The Mousetrap" in London's West End, which my brother and I were happy to capture. We are there on holiday in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, we didn't know that she had created such a delicate - and nice - depiction in pure evil, mainly because of her peculiar appearance and a devilish smile! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": A funny but oddly reverent vampire story (which still uncovers many of the myths attached to the subgenre, while some find out new ones!) which features some wonderful digs. the exploitation takes on theater and at one point, Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is wonderful as the champion horror star who gets more than what he had negotiated when trying to bring some authenticity to his job; Ingrid Pitt beautifully sends her image, although her role is somewhat subsidiary to the proceedings; Geoffrey Bayldon (made to look like Ernest Thesiger) also has a memorable little bit; the silent theater style of the end was a pretty boring one to dress up an audience, and I think - and while some of the humor comes out as a heavy-handed 'la FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) or THEATER OR BLOOD (1973), it's also quite infectious and definitely ends the film on a high (and very unusual) note! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality is relatively satisfactory, as I had no other version to compare it to; The main culprit is some noticeable pressure damage, but it is never so nasty to affect the enjoyment of the movie. As for the extras, start with the Audio Commentary: honestly, this is one of the best conversations about a genre movie I can remember listening to; Jonathan Rigby, with his opinion, is more than usual for a moderator, but his attempt certainly makes director Peter Duffell touch every aspect of the production (while with other movies you'd rather be more!) And as such is a very enjoyable job that actually complements the main feature. The featuret "A-Rated Horror Film" is worthwhile with Peter Duffell again in the middle of the stage, but this time it is valid, if it is all too short, contributions from producer Max J. Rosenberg and star Chloe Franks , Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also get movie notes, reviews, bios and a poster / still gallery that is beautifully mounted (with contemporary reviews being something new - and welcome to them).
