Four stories of terror about the events at a creepy old house are told to the skeptical Scotland Yard investigator Holloway (John Bennett) when he investigates the whereabouts of the youngest resident of the house who dropped blood. <br /> <br /> One can just struggle to find the words to describe the true brilliance that is the House that has dropped Blood. "These seventies horror anthology are quite remarkable in the way such a visually innocent movie is capable of causing horror in even the most critical viewers. Incredibly, the number of depictions of violence on the screen can be counted on one side, but the film still portrays brutality and manages to compose the frightening images in viewers' own imagination. of graphic violence. In a rare phenomenon of the early seventies, the technical aspects of the movie are virtually flawless, from the flawless performances of the star-studded cast (with legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the wonderful direction and storytelling. courtesy of Peter Duffell and master of the macabre writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel Psycho '). The only real complaints one can have with "The House threatening Blood" are the somewhat asinine plot-twists at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the picture, but even these small details fail to detract. do the overall entertainment event. <br /> <br /> The first segment, titled ?? Method for Murder, tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror writer who hires the creepy house while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer began to see the murderous character of his story in and around the house and soon questioned the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is truly exceptional and his character is given a surprising air of credibility. The key to this segment, as with the other, is the riddle around the events taking place. The viewer is asked whether the view of the murderous character of Dominicus is merely a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder or whether the character is actually there. Duffell's direction is to create a disruptive atmosphere along with a slow, methodical approach to create the tension and tension needed to make the segment very confusing. <br /> <br /> The next segment contains Peter Cushing as the new resident of the sinister home. During a trip to the village he comes across a wax museum of horrors and decides to venture. While discovering there, he is a wax model of a beautiful woman known to him. Cushing's character (Philip) is then supplemented by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who also wants to visit the museum, until Philip's horror. In this segment, the viewer is not given much more subtle clues to the riddle of the wax woman, but in general the viewer is left in the dark. There is much less tension on this particular story, but the segment still manages to maintain its mystery through a particularly heartbreaking dream sequence and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is once again exceptional and although it may be the worst of the four stories, it is not denied that through creative direction and credible acting Waxworks' is another beautiful entry to the film. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' is followed by what is the largest of the four segments ?? ?? sweets to sweet Christopher Lee stars as John Reid, the father of a young girl who initially started, has an inexplicable fear of fire soon cared for by Annan Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to have a dark secret about the family. ?? Sweet sweets are easily the newest and more complex of the four stories and therefore the segment is undoubtedly compelling for the viewer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle clues about the truth are released behind the family, but it is not to the incredibly horrific final scene that everything is left intact. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and tension to create the precocious atmosphere that made the whole movie wonderful. Guided by a wonderfully arranged soundtrack, 'Sweeties to the Sweet', is an exercise in sustained fear that grabs the viewer through the throat and refuses to let go until the terrifying scream that ends this end eventually ceases. Personally, I believe this short segment has made an entertaining and haunting feature length movie and I'll give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The movie ends with the story of the missing artist who was originally interested in The Investigator. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star as two artists who are currently working on a horror movie. Pertwee's character is frightened by the amateur production and props of the film and therefore he buys his own vampire mantle from a strange shop of secrets. But strange things start to happen when he wears the cloak and soon he starts to fear the worst. This segment, which inspector under the events, is a great way to include a wonderful anthology. Although there is an indisputable air of the camp on the segment, it is a way that makes the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that can be terribly classified in any sense and the predictable end can be performed better, but the segment, however, has its redeeming properties. Horror buffs should definitely look out for Pertwee's brief commentary on Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee's portrayal of Dracula. This slightly comical and light approach to the final segment is essentially a sufficient and almost natural way to end the picture, even if it lowers the film when compared to the previous examples of stress-driven horror. <br /> <br /> Summary, ?? The House of Blood 'is one of the largest horror anthologies that contains an incredible role, great stories and above paris direction. There are definitely more ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and while blood and intestines will be very disappointed, fans of more tense efforts should enjoy this movie immensely. My rating for ?? The House That Threatened Blood? 8/10.
