Grubby omnibus films were popular in the seventies. I don't really love them myself, but this one is an unmistakably excellent piece of British horror cinema. The house threatened with blood is a horror omnibus with four stories surrounding a flu-old house in the country and is told by a real estate agent to a Scottish site officer. <br /> <br /> This movie is made by three famous stars of horror cinema; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who will recognize horror fans as one of Lee's fellow stars in the biggest British horror movie of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first segment of the movie, "Method For Murder", tells the story of a horror story writer, whose creation; A stranger named "Dominic" is brought to life by his own imagination. This story builds tension very well; by his girlfriend, he and the audience have led to believe that what he sees is an image of his imagination. This story is definitely not very original, but it makes its lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and it's the final twist; It works incredibly well and has come as a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, titled "Waxworks", stars Peter Cushing and is my least favorite of the four. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a laundry museum and decides to venture. Inside, he discovers a woman who is known to him and what we find out later is a murderer. What the woman's relationship with Phillip entails is never really explained, but the story is more based on the mystery of building tension rather than plot details. Cushing is later supplemented by his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and that is when the story really picks up. Establishing a waxwork museum full of killers for a horror movie is not a new idea; The same setting was in the great 1966 horror movie, "Chamber of Horrors", a great effect. Although one here is not as big as the one in the aforementioned film, the power of the environment is used to no less have a horrible effect, many of which are acquired by a sense of claustrophobia, caused by the limited area of ​​the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch, and seeing him avoiding an ax-sharing man is a surprise to the horror fan. Despite my least favorite, this story is still entertaining and interesting enough not to leave this anthology. <br /> <br /> The movie continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is without a doubt the best of the omnibus. This story dies of legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played. It makes the audience guess; we know that something is wrong with the father or the daughter, but we do not know who or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his character with a great deal of sincerity; The audience is left to talk about his actions on how to give his daughter a doll, and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or to have toys. The map of exactly why is held near the chest near the chest until the end of the end. It gets through the actual cooling line in which Lee tells his babysitter that he's actually afraid of his daughter. The end to this section has been excellently played, and in my opinion, it is one of the best endings for any horror story ever told and will remain with the end credit for a long time. <br /> <br /> The omnibus ends with "The Cloak", which is definitely the most comical of the four. This story is about a hammy horror movie star who, without the pressure of his latest film's technical side, goes out and buys himself a mantle. Of course, this mantle is a true vampire mantle. Unlike the other three stories, this one looks mostly to laughter. However, this is not bad, because most of the humor is funny and serves as a nice contrast to the rest of the movie. The end of this story coincides well with the end of the filmed story of the film, which is a very sinister and humorous ending to a very good movie. Also look out for Christopher Lee in Dracula. A good contact, I think. <br /> <br /> Overall, if you want a horroromibus, you really can't go wrong with the home-driven home. The third story alone makes the movie worthy of your time and it is indeed a very solid horror movie.
