Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's "Saint Joan" (script by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions that day. It was ruined by the pseudo-elite, the purists and the audiences did not respond to a movie that had the piety and glory of a historic spectacle. As in '' Peeping Tom '', the reaction was malicious and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions of Joan of Arc (her real name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is entirely true to the spirit of the original play, just at the literal emotional level, but also formally. His film is a Brechtian investigation into the functioning of institutions, the division within and without various factions that all want to seize power. As such, we may not identify with any of the characters at an emotional level, including Joan himself. <br /> <br /> As played by Jean Seberg (whose subsequent life presents an ominous parallel to her role), she is presented as an innocent, a figure of purity whose many actions and presence and reveal emptiness in all. As such, Seberg plays her as both Saint and Madwoman. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which occurs in places) reveals Jeanne's freshness and youth that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble, illiterate peasant girl pouring out to protect her village and her natural intelligence. She did not deserve the harsh criticism she had on the first issue of the film. It's a show well above the chin and call of any first actress with no previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger saw a secular view of Joan seeing her as a medieval female woman. He was not satisfied with being a rustic daughter. His fate would be married or a whore picked up by soldiers and left the battlefields. Her faith, her voices, her visions that blend with words like "imagination" and "common sense," lead her to carry the arms of her fellow soldiers to guide them to chase the invading English from France. <Br /> <br /> And yet, the film is more interested in the court of Dauphin (Richard Widmark), the office of the clergy that led Joan under Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, blameless) and the actions of the Count of Warwick (John Gielgud) then in Joan himself. The brilliant ensemble cast (all male) portrays figures of twilight, Machievellian (although the story precedes Niccolo) opportunists who treat religion as a childish toy used and manipulated for their own purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors great fun to loosen up. John Gielgud as the extremely rational count whose intelligence (though accompanied by corruption) allows him to determine the exact way in which he can ensure that Joan is burned at stake and Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon brings a three-dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian who will give Joan the fair trial that will certainly find her guilty. Richard Widmark as the Dauphin is a true revelation. Unlike a decisive choice you will ever find, Widmark breaks the weak future ruler of France into a frenzied, comic caricature that is as close as that movie to comic relief. A comic strip that, like an imitation of Jerry Lewis, feels much more than a turbulent future ruler of France. <br /> <br /> Preminger shot "Saint Joan" in black and white, the filmmaker is Georges Perinal, who is in color with René Clair and who has "The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp". It's perfectly limited to emphasizing the rational intellectual atmosphere for this movie. Preminger's preference for tracking shots of long uninterrupted tasks is key to the efficiency of the film. There is no sense of a mess in his mise-and-act. <br /> <br /> It also points to the direction of Preminger's most mature (and most neglected period) focus on the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, how the institution operates, and how the individual acts according to his principles. . These themes get their most direct treatment in his movie, and as always, things are unpredictable and they don't find black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
