Fräulein Doktor is as good a demonstration as any of how the once great film industry in Western Europe has fallen over the past 40 years. Then, in the late 60's, while the big Hollywood studios were in the queue, Italy, France and England played film to fill the void of Hollywood's decline. There were the James Bond photos (Doctor No was a surprise report in the US, it was first released at the Century Theater chain in NYC with a 99 midnight admission price), the Clint Eastwood spaghetti western (with ' A fake dollar released by a distributor who never paid Italian producers a crisis) and French crime movies, which usually went to art houses, with exceptions like the Sicilian Clan. And there were European co-productions such as Doctor Zhivago and of course Fräulein Doktor. With his big budget for the time, and the world talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was good enough that viewers still remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fräulein Doctor where he tells a captured spy to talk about whether he will play the Wall Game. The wall is opposite a fireplace, with little chance of winning the spy. This kind of cynical attitude played well across national borders, in the 1969 Vietnam War era. <br /> <br /> The steamy scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably don't have the chances of these artists sharing parts in Hollywood movies Hollywood studios were shedding their overseas distribution and production businesses. Fox will no longer work movies like The Sicilian Clan. Columbia will not distribute films like Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went further and almost cut all the film production. The chain of theaters in India was sold for the value of the land below and left its Borehamwood studio facility. Kerkorian has plundered the studio to raise money for building his casino in Las Vegas (where a Bally casino gift shop has sold MGM memorabilia at reduced prices, well left from the auction of MGM's storage warehouses. <Br / > <br /> Paramount distributes Fräulein Doktor, but Gulf and Western's Charles Bludhorn, who took over and canned the company.The studio's elderly Board of Directors loaded the studio's film library to Universal (as I recall), and has real interest in films after production chief Robert Evans started beating one after the other, but it was in the 70's, with Fraynein Doctor with his lesbian scene buried, with cut versions of the movie at the local stations by the 80s appeared. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was usually a rogue man when he was older, especially in the BBC detective series Father Brown, when he was younger, as in the British movie Titanic, he standard carrier selected British officer played. In Fräulein Doktor he had the chance to be much more difficult than usual, as I remember. It would be nice to see if my memory of this movie is accurate, about its role and of course those cavalry horses that carry gas masks and protective covers riding in the battle. It was a bit of a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed he was a director. He cut the espionage movie of the First World War, where the money spent on production value really appears on the screen.
