EL MAR is a tough, strong, completely brilliant, brave work of cinema. Director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation by Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida of Blai Bonet's novel, created a film that reflects the deepest effects of war on the minds of children and how those wreckage ruins adults' lives. And while the focus is on the terrible children's tattoo on the crisis, the transfer is clear to the effects of soldiers and citizens of adulthood. This film becomes one of the most beautiful anti-war documents without thinking of pampering: the end result has much greater impact due to its inherent narrative to childhood after adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children are shown in the Spanish civil war of Spain, threatened with falls and invasive nocturnal battles. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) testify to the horror of the murder of men and the revenge that one of them forces to kill and suicide. These wide eyes become adults, suppressing all the psychic diseases and trauma in their minds. <br /> <br /> We then meet the three who survive in adulthood, where they are all confined to a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by his "John Morell (Juli Mira), and kept his lifestyle private. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a poorly sexually oppressed gay man whose cover is his commitment to Catholicism and the fading of outrageous mutilation / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) has become a nun and serves the patients in the sanitarium. The three are again linked by their environment in the sanitarium and each one reveals the scars of their childhood experiences with the war. Ramala wants to be free of Ramala's love, and he wants to be free of his Morell, and Francisca must face her own internal needs under her white nun's habit. <br /> <br /> The sanitarium's environment offers a graphical level where the thin thread between life and death, between lust and love, and between devotion and destruction, is played. For more details, the impact of the movie on the individual viewer will be destroyed, but it is enough to say that graphic sex and full nudity are involved (in some of the most wonderful raw material still on film) and the viewer must be prepared to witness every form of brutality imaginable. For this viewer, these scenes are of cardinal importance and director Villaronga is applauded for his persistence and bravery to make this story so intense. The actors, both children and adults, are beautiful: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are especially fine in extraordinarily difficult roles. The cinematography by Jaime Peracaula and the haunting musical score by Javier Navarrete serves the director's vision. A hard film, it, but highly recommended for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its aftermath. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
