"Gespenster" Demand to be cool in German theater <br /> <br /> There have not been many German films in the past ten years, so interested me. Yes, the problem of most German films is also in this movie "Gespenster". He is uncooked in some places, to see well. Especially the figure of Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But it's always in German movies. Everyone should learn this coolneß - is the realism in these movies. It's hard to understand. But in this case it makes sense, because she steals and she lies - she is the kind of girl, better, you never love it because you lose it. It's not clear to the other girl Nina in this movie. She loves her - and she'll lose her. But Nina lost everything. She will play with soft emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you have to say it for twenty years Herbert Achterbusch. It's so often the way it goes in German movies. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society - it is outside - and she has no chance. These movies don't try to give her a role in any place. It's one of the problems - the stupid break with conventions - the criminal fascination. Throw it all away - and go nowhere! But the actress plays this difficult part very interestingly. On the other hand - there are the parents - who is the pendant for the two girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - they have money and live in the world with music from the opera. But the movie is always at a distance to look. Not many of them explained. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this movie there is one scene you will never forget. The two girls got a decisive course. And there they have to say how they come together. In this scene, Toni is going to lie down. She said a fantastic story - has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introversial way. There is no exhibition. She looks at the bottom and says what will happen here. It's a wonderful moment. In the next scene on the party with photos in red, this feeling is going on, as Toni goes away ... <br /> <br /> Well, the movie will end - in the German way of coolneß - rubbish - here is the circle of sadness closes. But there was a moment - where something else happened - and this moment was important. He is more than German coolneß - and these moments are scarce in the German cinema at this time!
