Director Christian Petzold's Noise Trilogy is undoubtedly one of our Creme-De-la-Creme German film directors. The Gespenster (2005) forms with Yella (2007) and Jerichow (2008). time. <br /> <br /> Roughly, "Ghost" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was kidnapped as a 3 year old child while the mother turned around in Berlin for 1 minute - and has never been seen before . Since then, the mother has been to Berlin when there is a possibility and search, using time-laced photography, for girls of about the age of her age. As we heard later in the movie, the mother had been convinced many times that she had found her daughter Marie. But this time, when she meets Nina, everything is completely different. <br /> <br /> The movie doesn't bring solutions, not even part solutions, and it's rather disappointing. We are also not equipped to decide whether the mother is really mad or not, if her actual daughter is still alive or not. Most disappointing is the end. After what we saw in the movie, it is a command for the viewer that he is left because the author leaves Nina alone. The simple escape that symbolizes that nothing has changed can be a powerful effect of dramaturgy (eg in Umberto D.), but in "Ghost" it becomes displaced. <br /> <br /> Since critics have suggested Freudian motifs in this movie, let me make my own effort: Why is it that similar people do not know each other, especially those who know another similar person? This is quite an insane question, apart from the view of Aristotelian logic, according to which the idea of ​​the individual is. The individual is such a person who does not share any of his defining qualities with anyone else. So, the Aristotelian answer to my question is: They don't know each other because they're consistent with pure change. Everyone who is not mad believes it. But what if these similar people share other similarities that can hardly change, eg. Scarves on their left hand under ankle or a heart-shaped birth mat under their right shoulder blades? This is the metaphysical context in which this film is made, although I'm not sure even the director realized it. In spite of our modern Aristotelian world, the superstition, in the mythologies of people around the world, similar people also share parts of their individuality, and that individuality is not something volatile, but rather diffusion, so the boundaries between people are open, such and similar beliefs build a strong backbone of irrationality despite our otherwise strong rational thinking - a source of excitement of the most interesting kind.
