I am always amazed at how many times you will see something about World War II on German national television. You'd think they don't like opening up old wounds, but there isn't a week without a documentary or a movie about the horror and atrocities of this war. Perhaps this is a way of dealing with their past, I don't know, but you certainly can't blame it for ignoring what happened. And it must be said: most of the documentaries are really worth a watch because they never try to shine the truth and the same can be said about their movies (think of "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall" as you might now ) which is also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of those movies is "Rosenstrasse". It tells a real story and deals with the topic of mixed marriages during the war, although the movie starts with a family in the US today. After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly became an orthodox Jew, although she was not yet very religious. She didn't know where the strange behavior of her mother came from, but when she started digging in her mother's upset childhood, Hannah understood how little she ever knew about her mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that This movie is about the subject of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is already surprising. As far as I know, there is not yet a movie on this subject. (For those who have not yet known it: To be married to a so-called pure Aryan man or woman, for many Jews this meant that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but that they were in a factory had to work). But it not only tells of the problems of mixed marriages, but it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people are often seen by their own parents and family. How difficult was it sometimes for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, most women earlier, did everything in their power to free their husbands after being caught in the Rosenstrasse and locked up ... <br / > <br /> The play is really good and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning did not really do me (and that is exactly the only part you will see in the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would have left out a great deal of what happened in the current day. At least part of the US-based part, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and speaks to someone who knows more about her mother's past, definitely works. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in everything that has to do with World War II, and if you're not necessarily looking for lots of action shots, it's definitely a movie you should see. It is not a movie in which you will see any battles or rifles, but it is definitely an interesting movie because it gives you an idea of ​​an aspect of the war of which little is known. I give it an 8/10.
