In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a lively tapestry of love and courage. The film shows a family drama of alienation between a mother and her daughter, and the story of German women who hit a protest on Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish men from certain extinction. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the film focuses on the salvation of a Holocaust child by a German and the result of the child's experience of losing her mother. While me. Von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has made a difference, she does not use it to excuse German society. In fact, she shows how the rich artists and intellectuals of German high society walked in the midst of torture and extinction over their lives and parties, unaware of the suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York as a Jewish widow, Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe), decides to put Shiva, a seven-day mourning that takes place at a funeral, in which Jewish family members pay full attention give in to the deceased's calling and grief. When her daughter, Hannah (Maria Schrader), is forbidden to receive calls from her fiancé Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jewish Hannah question, why her mother suddenly decided to follow an Orthodox tradition that she had previously rejected. When Ruth rejects her cousin, Hannah asks her and learns about a woman named Lena who Ruth adopted as a child when the latter's mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis. She has vows to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. <br /> <br /> Her quest brings her to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety years old, and sustains her under the pretext that she is a journalist examining certain aspects of the Holocaust. With an unashamed memory Lena tells her story of how she, as a young 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), sought her husband, Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and presumably in prison was captured. the protection normally given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a radiant performance by Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held in a former factory on the Rosen Strasse. <br /> <br /> In the freezing night, German women whose husband misses Outside the building, their numbers grow daily until they reach one thousand screams: "Return our husbands." Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protects her from the Gestapo and raises her after her mother is murdered. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family and her brother, who recently returned from Stalingrad, is a Wehrmacht officer. After she refused her father's help to free Fabian, she said the help of her brother, who told a co-officer, "I know what they are doing to the Jews. I saw it." Given his support, she is brave enough to bypass channels and go to the top where her beauty and charm are irresistible to the famous woman minister, Joseph Goebbels. While this fictional part of the film is being criticized as humiliating for women protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in the decisions Rosenstrasse made. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, an activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. She directed a film about the socialist Rosa Luxembourg and Marianne and Julianne, a story of the relationship between two sisters. One of them persuades political violence to achieve her liberal goals. In Rosen Strasse, a film she's been working on for eight years, she had to make compromises and add the fiction element of today's day to make her movie. That it works so well is a tribute to me. Von Trotta's artworks and the beautiful display by Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events at Rosenstrasse give the lie to the Germans, who say, "There was nothing we could do". Now von Trotta has shown the opposite to be true, that something can be done to resist the Nazis. It's tragic that the example didn't catch on.
