I don't think many movies (especially comedies) added memorable, quotable dialogue like MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate - you can see a remarkable long list of quotes on this thread - but any movie that can make topics such as defending the use of expensive copper pipes rather than copper for plumbing in an unforgettable dialogue is incredible me. It is not the only line that appears and makes a print on our memory. What about a restaurant waiter who regrets a planned marriage proposal, because it will mean the loss of an old baccalaureate client? Or a cute, elderly dog ​​lover who encourages his pack to cry to his mother? Or Perry (John Mahoney )'s description of a female student's youthful promise as "moonlight in a martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a great example of brilliant writing, first course and a good ensemble cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the play THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but a grim). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney, and Danny Aiello are all involved in sites and cross-purposes that explore the nature of love and how to deal with it. Is it a good thing to be completely in love? Cher and Cage, in the end, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that true love makes man crazy (and Kage also gets a bit of a sense when he and Cher argue outside his home after returning from the opera La Boheme). Men 's infidelity is a way to avoid thoughts of death. Dukakis believes it, and (strangely enough - though not quite convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals infidelity - Dukakis realizes early on that Gardenia's strange behavior is unreliable, and Cher literally stumbles upon Gardenia and his girlfriend on the opera (but Gardenia also bumps into Cher's similar infidelity to Aiello). But chance also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles on Dukakis and walks with John Mahoney and thinks she has a relationship. <br /> <br /> There are also nice moments in the movie. Cher's perception of flowers leading to receiving one. She hears the argument in the liquor store and it is resolution. But best is the order of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Cher's uncle and aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's beautiful and friendly remark to Raymond about the effect of the moonlight on him. This is the sweetest moment of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> It's close to a flawless movie. Having seen it in a dozen times in so many years, I can only get two points that don't look as smooth as they should be. When Cher is at Cage's bakery, his assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) calls her secretly in love with Cage, but is scared to tell him. Earlier, she was slightly sloppy towards Cher, who quickly placed her in her place. However, nothing looks like this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit her uncle and aunt's daily business profits is briefly included in the seven minutes of the film - but dropped just as quickly. Was it supposed to be a plot line that's been dropped, except one about Cher and Vincent Gardenia working on a homeless man's shelter as a fine? It's a little annoyance, but I think it's just based on a desire to see more of this movie, because it's so good.
