Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in her late thirties, a widow who lives with her parents in a two-bedroom apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a mere man, more of a thankful duty than real love. Before their wedding, Johnny takes a trip to visit his mother who is sick and leaves Loretta the function of playing the olive leaf with his brother Ronny by notifying him of their threatening wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny for being the cause of his accident causing him the loss of his hand (and then his bride-to-be), but he fell for Loretta and hard. After a heated relationship, Loretta tries to avoid Johnny Ronny's respect, but looks dark and overwhelming masculinity wins her ear. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother, Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis), not only suspects her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) is seeing another woman, but is also the subject of admiration for a college professor and why why men are women chase. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can't be married. <br /> <br /> The setup is purely sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding for Italian Americans living. in New York, is sincere: he gets the idiosyncrasies of these people and their day-to-day delights and concerns, and all the characters have a deep romance that comes into the story through important moments. Loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and knows her luck is slim, appears slowly as a woman so swept up by the sudden recognition of love, she becomes La Boheme's heroine - the one who Love acknowledges the man with the wooden hand (in a clever gender reversal), and Cher occupies the role and makes it hair and in her own style her frumpiness trades a deep, dark beauty. Ronny is pure fire and Nicholas Cage evades male power as if channeling Marlon Brando. The Castorini's and the Cappomaggi's, which counterbalance the central couple, endeavor to love one another in two very important moments: the latter couple, on the night of the full moon when Loretta and Ronny leave their relationship - a scarce scene depicting love and intimacy among the elderly - and the former at a tense moment over breakfast when Rose shows mere revelations that Cosmo wants to stop seeing his mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and date film of choice, but also a beautiful exploration of love and passion among regular people. The end is a tour of strength of emotional impact, the family situation goes beyond the brief complications of returning it to tradition in the days of immigrants. And this is one that elevates this movie from just another feel-good movie to a classic. MOONSTRUCK deserves his Oscars for best writing, actress and supporting actress, and has proven to grow beyond his time.
