I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I just saw it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not just for lovers of "indie" movies. At a time when most American films are little more than cynical efforts to earn money with CGI, fireworks and / or vulgarity, Heartland holds up as part of American history. It is also a reminder of how marvelous most of us are modern, urbanized Americans. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie is over-emphasized or enhanced. Nobody denies any Hollywood speeches. The actors really live their roles. It really feels like a "small" movie, but it's really bigger than most Hollywood productions. The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done anything better), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver but wants more opportunities. She advertises a position as a housekeeper. The ad is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underrated actors), a Scottish-born farmer, himself a widow, with a farm outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move into Stewart's little house on the property. It is a rolling, treeless wilderness, a place of endless views where the silence is only broken by the sounds made by these people and their animals. It is guaranteed to make a person feel small. The three characters last long without seeing another human soul. What's worse, Stewart seems to be silent to almost silent. "I can't talk to the man," Elinore complains to Ouma Landauer. "You will learn better before winter," Grandma replies. Granny (Lilia Skala) is one of the only two other characters to be seen more than briefly. She came to Wyoming from Germany many years ago at her husband and managed her country alone. She is also a widow. Granny is their closest neighbor (and the local midwife) and she lives another ten miles away! The other supporting character is Jack the hired hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Elinore's routine (and her employer) is one of endless, breakthrough labor, where there are no modern facilities and where everything needs to be done, tied or hand-made. This is the real meat of the movie: Look at the ordinary life of these farmers, as they struggle with nature to destroy a life out of the country. But despite the constant effort and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. She learns that the canal along Stewart's is unclaimed. Impulsively, she places a claim on the property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks' payment!), Which means that if she lives there (and she actually lives there) and works for ten years, she will get the act this. Of course, Stewart learns what she did. With ruthless logic he points out that with no money, no livestock, no credit and no assets, she has no chance to succeed. He then offers a solution: He represents the marriage. The stunned Elinore realizes that it is and is the only true alternative. <br /> <br /> We think Stewart's suggestion is pure Machiavellian --- he wants the country and free labor --- but we see it, in fact, he really loves Elinore and they grow together as " a couple. She becomes pregnant; she goes into labor in the middle of a midnight snow bath; Clyde traveled for hours by horse storming the ten miles of grandmother and back ten miles, just to announce that Grandma was not there. It's more like real life than what is pleasant, people. Elinore has the baby alone, without any help. Their son is another baby if he gets sick and dies. They lose half their cattle after the evil winter. They struggle. The last order in the movie is supposed to be optimistic: The birth of a calf. Clyde urgently calls Elinore to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being first, the calf is in a footprint. He and Elinore should physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, trickery, fakery or special effects: What you see is what happened, people: A calf is born on a straw in a wooden shed by lamp light. With that, the film doesn't end up as much as just stopping, but the viewer is unhappy, but after a while you appreciate the movie as a whole, not just for the end. <br /> <br /> This gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will be long after most of the movies of the last generation have been forgotten long ago.
