I am usually a sucker for romantic films that are well filmed and well behaved. It is a romantic (period) film played in the 17th century Italy, but filmed in English with English subtitles. The fact that it is a period movie means that it will inevitably be slower than movies that are in the modern era, so it will have a little bearing. If you can overlook it, it's actually a very good movie. The scenery, the costumes and the cinematography are beautiful, and the protagonists and actress are very compelling in their portrayals, depicting the intensity of the emotions that run through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unfortunate ending. It's easy to believe it's an accurate representation of the real characters. Despite the fact that I was really moving through the main characters and the storyline, I decided to investigate the validity of the story and find out that the main theme of the film's story - that of a sad, unfinished love story - completely made up. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi, rather than voluntarily and passionately watching his advances as the film portrayed. She had only sexual relations with him because he had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he did not find guilty of rape for Artemisia's torture (other than what the film depicts). In fact, he tried to portray Artemisia as a ravenous woman with insatiable sexual urgency. In the film his sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with his son-in-law. Tassi's character had already been made to appear as if his sister had injured him on his alleged relationship with his son-in-law (although he admitted he had a wife in Florence). Needless to say, in reality it wasn't really that way. In fact, far from it. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, whom he had raped. And Tassi really had sexual relations with his son-in-law, who satisfied her in the process, but it wasn't really mutual either. Again he had raped his son-in-law. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple sex offender, what makes us the movie Artemisia's portrayal of him as a lover? We take it as an attempt to make this movie into a romantic movie ... that this film has never been historically accurate. In addition to these points just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies as in the interpretation of Artemisia's art (In fact, she was never really influenced by Tassi's painting, and she was actually considered a much better painter than Tassi ever did). One thing is true and that is the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi is the first woman painter to share in history, and although her mastery of art has competed with many of her male counterparts, she has always had trouble working enough for her work. because of her gender as a woman, in the 17th century Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy This movie is for your sake, as it is a pretty good romantic drama, but takes its historical references with a salt grain.
