Rock solid giallo from a master filmmaker of the genre, Sergio Martino. This shocking mystery often evolves from a wonderful script by Ernesto Gestaldi, which develops fascinating twists and turns into the fantastic final that most may not see throughout the film. That's when everything has let us down, "Ahh." The film turns to the death of a man (... in a plane explosion) and the million dollars the woman receives from it. There are those with great interest in that money, especially the dead man's mistress. The woman is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the mistress who claims half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She told Lisa she knew that death had been arranged by her to get the insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get that money. Altogether, the film produces two possible suspects in the later murder of Lisa, waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton depicts Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates those who get heritage to determine if the payday was raised under suspicious funds. When Lisa is killed on his watch by a man dressed in head to toe in black in her hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to investigate himself while he also inspects. Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent Benton (Tom Felleghy) helped find their killer. The murderer strikes several times to seize anybody orbiting the missing million dollars by the one responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (the delicious, tasty Anita Strindberg), while she and Petrus meet for a dinner where she can try to sniff anything that can tell a story to her. Soon they fall deeply in love, but it seems as if someone near Peter is killed. Soon someone enters Cléo for the purpose of killing which further forces the investigation into unknown territory. Why would anyone want a journalist without any real facts to damage the one who kills people. <br /> <br /> This giallo is quite clever and exciting to follow. The movie never sleeps, and it is quite remarkable since so much is happening that the question of the killer's identity is being opened. This movie follows Gialli's path with knife slips due to a certain pattern taken by the killer (the throat and lower torso). The film's conclusion breaks all the complex loose points and is reasonably satisfactory. The movie has some unique camera angles, but delivers the goods in terms of plot management and execution of the puzzle.
