Sergio Martino recently impressed me with his Giallo classic 'The Strange Vice of Ms. Wardh 'and the unforgettable title:' Your Fish is a Closed Room and I Just Have the Key '- yet I didn't expect too much this movie. The case of the Scorpio's Tail is not mentioned as much as the titles mentioned when it comes to the classic Giallo discussion - but I don't know why, because it's at least as good as the two! Dario Argento may be the king of Giallo, but with the five films he made - Sergio Martino is definitely not too far behind. In some ways he even surpasses the master. All Martino's films were released for the jewel in Argento's crown, the wonderful Profondo Rosso, released in the early seventies - Martino was the king! The plot follows the idea of ​​murder of profit, and follows the insurance payout of a wealthy man. His wife inherits $ 1m and it's not long before there are people for her blood! When she dies shortly afterwards, an insurance investigator and an attractive, attractive young journalist follow suit. <br /> <br /> The Scorpio tail case may not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but it does have two of Martino's collaborators on board. The best known is George Hilton, who along with a number of other Giallos with Marino at The Strange Vice from Mrs. Wardh and all the colors of the dark worked. Hilton has a big screen presence, and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; it becomes obvious why he is repeatedly thrown. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who is remembered from your Fish, is a closed room, stars next to Hilton and offers the classic Giallo female lead excellent. Sergio Martino is doing a good job in the director's seat, with several beautiful scenes - the best in a green lighting room! The rating of Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) makes the vote excellent, but it is the script that is the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the author of Martino's other four Giallo, compiled a script that is exciting while staying away from the general Giallo pitfall that doesn't make sense; So release this movie from the rest of the illogical genre. The case of the Scorpion's Tail is a quality Giallo movie, and another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you'll love it!
