Sergio Martino's The case of the Scorpion's Tail is a spectacular giallo from the early 70's bloom of the genre. An explosion on a plane leads to one million dollars in insurance money for a depraved but unfaithful woman. The money is then chased by a black killer and follows a series of brutal murders. <br /> <br /> Scorpion's Tail is fairly straightforward with the puzzle element, written by Giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi. But, as a big thing, the murders themselves are memorable and well-educated. In fact, the violence in this movie is very strong in places - a broken bottle scene is particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence has no doubt that the giallo genre is influenced to move in more and more extreme areas. But like the best movies in the genre, brutality is offset by a good score and attractive photography. The music by Bruno Nicolai sometimes reminds of Ennio Morricone's avant-garde work in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, but is also strong in its own right. Photography is helped by the fun of using foreign places - in this case London and Athens - where Martino succeeds in getting the Houses of Parliament and the Acropolis respectively! There are also some ingenious camera work, the most effective being the use of slow motion in a sequence where a woman walks to the door where the maniac is out. In this particular scene, Martino ran the killer through the door with a knife in a way influenced by Dario Argento's Crystal Plumage. But it also has the killer attempt to open the latch with the knife of the knife which is repeated a little later. Argento in Suspiria. So Martino's film was influenced in his own right. <br /> <br /> It's a good solid giallo that can appreciate both genre and non-genre fans. The performances are good and the production values ​​are good (although the plane is explosive, we will say, somewhat low budget!). The DVD release by NoShame is nice. It has both the English and Italian language options which is a real bonus. However, it is worth pointing out that you sometimes have to be a quick reader to fully appreciate the English caption option. This applies to both the film and the documentaries in the extras. However, this is a small point, the DVD edition is a worthy addition to any Giallo collection.
