Sergio Martino is a good director, who contributes greatly to the Italian genre cinema and, as far as I am concerned, his Gialli from the 1970s is the undisputed highlight in his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The case of the Scorpio's languages" of 1971 is one of those impressive films. Martino contributed to the Italian Horror's most original sub-genre, and another proof that the man is a master of atmosphere, style and tension. My personal favorite of the Martino movies I have seen so far is still the brilliant brilliant "Your Vice Is A Locked Room and I Got The Key" of 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Or Mrs Wardh "(1971), of whom I personally hold even more than this one. It's just a matter of personal taste, but as 'La Coda Dello Scorpione' is an equally excellent movie that is essential to every fan of Italian Horror theater and tension in general. <br /> <br /> The movie, which has disappointing tensions from the beginning, has a complex and gripping plot that begins with the mysterious demise of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) has been appointed to verify the circumstances that the insurance company is paying a large sum to the deceased's wife. Shortly after Lynch began investigating, one is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murders. <br /> <br /> "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" delivers great all the elements a great Giallo needs. The movie is amazing from the start, the Bruno Nicolai score is brilliant, the plot is amazing and the killer's identity remains a mystery. Regular Giallo leader George Hilton is once again delivering outstanding performance. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely surprising in the female head. This includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant directors of the Italian genre movie of the 60's and 70's, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who must be known to any beloved Italian theater. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually a wonderful environment for a Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly grabbing, and photography is fantastic, and Bruno Nicolai's ingenious score makes the tension even more intense. Long story short: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo by Sergio Martino and an absolute must-see for any loved one of the sub-genre! Stylish, exciting and great in every way!
