I was really asked to reward "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail", with a sturdy 10 out of 10 rating, but it will be largely because I think the Italian horror theater of the 1970s is so much better than the stocking I usually see. But even without an extra point for nostalgia, it's another real masterpiece and deserves a high rating for its amazingly surprising story, unpleasant atmosphere, blood-flowing murder order and great decisive choices. In my humble opinion, it's actually Sergio Martino's best Giallo, and that must mean something like "The Strange Vice of Ms. Wardh", "All the Colors of the Dark", "Torso" and "Your Vice is a Locked Room" And just I have the key "is also the top-notch genre achievements. But this movie is just a little bit better with its ultra-compelling plot that is out of control on an insurance fraud. After her husband's peculiar death in an aircraft blast (!), Lisa Baumer immediately becomes the one million dollar suspect and she is eager to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to the bizarre circumstances, the insurance company puts their best investigator, Peter Lynch, on the scene and follows Greece. There, Lisa is the target of many attacks and the matter of secrecy increases as it appears that several people are looking for the money. I'm always too anxious when I briefly summarize Gialli, because I don't want to throw away the essential plotting elements. In the case of the Scorpion's Tail, the events take a sudden and totally unexpected turn before the story is even halfway and I certainly don't want to ruin it for you. After that, very red herring follows, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of you and although it is not 100% satisfactory, the denial is at least surprising. It is also a very attractive film, with imaginative camera work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Everyone's favorite Giallo-muse, Edwige Fenech, made it strange. She had no less than 3 other commander Martino Gialli, but Anita Strindberg ("Lover in a woman's skin", "Who saw her?") Is a more than worthy substitute for her. is reliable as always in his role of insurance investigator and? duh ?? ladies deluxe. If you are a fan of giallo, do not wait as long as I did to watch this movie !!
