Joan Crawford has just started her working girl with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She has never played such a role and critics were impressed. So while other actresses wondered why their careers were grounded (because they were holding on to characters that were the "in" thing a few years before but were now succeeding), Joan listened to the public and her long life actress assured. The depression was here and jazz age babies who survived on endless round parties were frowned upon. Of course, if you got rich through immoral means, but suffered for it - it was right. <br /> <br /> This movie starts with a spectacular houseboat party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she predicts that everyone will swim in their underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, Bonnie and her brother, Rodney (William Bakewell), realize who their real friends are, because they are losing their stock market. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - a poor man's Johnny Mack Brown) offers the right thing to marry and marry her. They just brought along an evening when Bonnie (with abandonment) declared that she wanted love for approval. show a character by deciding to get a job. <br /> <br /> She finds a job at a newspaper and impresses quickly by her desire to do good. Her colleague is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they are instructed to write about the inner activities of the gang. Rodney also surprised her with the news that he also has a job. She's excited about him, but soon realizes it's booting and he's mixed with a cold bloody killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney witnessed a mass shot and broke, "wasting the beans" after the first person he drank at the bar. This is Bert. He is then forced to kill Bert and then he is hiding. The newspaper pulls out everything in an effort to find Bert's killer and to send Bonnie as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan does a very lively dance to "Accordian Joe" - much to Sylvie's dislike). The movie ends with a gunfire and if Rodney dies, Bonnie tearfully calls her story. <br /> <br /> It's a super movie with Crawford and Gable giving them everything. Natalie Moorehead, who shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable like Sylvie early in the film, was an attractive "other woman" who had her fashion in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a great career (he started as a teenager in a Douglas Fairbanks movie in the middle of the 20's). However, many of his roles were poor, spineless characters. In this film he played the weak brother and was completely overshadowed by Joan Crawford and the dynamic newcomer Clark Gable. Maybe that's why he never became a star. <br /> <br /> Highly Recommended.
