Abhay Deol's second film, written by Imtiaz Ali, girl's direct effort by Shivam Nair. Soha probably has her first (?) Carnal role as Megha, a girl who has run away from home and is waiting at the Delhi Wedding Registrar's office for her boyfriend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi) to meet her. She waits and waits and is finally seen as an emergency girl by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together because they deliver her from one disturbing situation to another and eventually fall in love with her. Then the boyfriend comes back! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sounds familiar? It's another adaptation of Dostoyevsky's White Nights with a little borrow from Le Notti Bianchi (very small though - Ankush keeps the lovers apart by telling the boyfriend she's dead!). But it is a more nice and more realistic (duh) adaptation than the very lofty and overwhelming Saawariya. I wonder why no one brought this little jewel when we all discussed Saawariya as a few months ago. <br /> <br /> The Delhi institutions are wonderful - there is the obligatory race of old Delhi, shots of Jama Masjid Roof, Connaught Circus, rickety streets (What? How?). The colorful sun loungers in the hotel are enough to tell you that this is an easy joint departure with rooms for rent per hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see Abhay the more I like this young man. In this second film, he is pretty good as the witness for rent given a life purpose by a beautiful woman. Soha looks pretty, and when she smiles, she adjusts the role, but I found her unconvincing in the more serious moments. I'm not quite sure she has it in her to be a great actress, or maybe she'll be late as the brother blooms. The music of Himesh Reshammiya is not that good, and the movie does indeed fall on the songs, they prune the story and does not fit well with the characters they are trying to sing. The supporting role is excellent and I give this White Nights adjustment an inch. BTW - The fact that I love Abhay Deol's cute dull, has nothing to do with my judgment.
