Ahista Ahista is a small little brilliant. I started to look at it, and at the beginning I got a little bored since the pace was slow and the main idea of ​​one guy who met a lost girl was not really new. But when the film was going on, I was getting more and more engaged and gradually engaged in the movie, the fantastic writing and the beautiful romance. The film was very simple and natural and after some time I felt like I was watching a true man's documentation. There is a very good reason why the movie felt this, and it's the fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as the simple, sad and struggling Ankush, whose new love motivates him to improve and fight for a better life. Throughout the film he is presented as an ordinary unlucky prankster, but also as a helping person who, like anyone else, does something to protect his love. Deol depicts all the different shades of his character, whether positive or negative, obvious and easy. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair's direction is very good. His portrayal of the lives of people in the rural area is excellent, but what is more impressive is his portrayal of Ankush's relationships with the various people who surround him, including his friends and his love interests Megha who he is ready to do anything for. I also portrayed the way Nair interacted with his friend's loud and plump mother, whom he called "khala". He likes to make her crazy and annoy her at every opportunity, but we see that she has a very special place in his heart and is like a mother figure to him, as shown in various scenes. Except for Abhay, the rest of the cast performed well. Although Soha Ali Khan did not show me, she was good and had some of her mother's charm. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good as the actress who played Ankush's "khala". <br /> <br /> Apart from the performances, the film's writing was outstanding. The dialogues were kind of ordinary but brilliant, and the writing was also fantastic. This is mainly because, despite a not-so-new story, it was never exaggerated or melodramatic and there was no attempt to make it appear larger than life. The film's biggest weakness was Himesh Reshammiya's uninspiring music that was inappropriate for this movie. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a beautiful watch and it just got better with every scene. The concept may not be new, but the film manages to become fresh and becomes increasingly heartwarming, as the story goes by. The end was bitter, kind of sad yet optimistic. In short, this movie grows slowly on you, and it can easily be attributed to the wonderful writing, moving moments, beautiful romance, realistic performance, and of course Abhay Deol's unforgettable performance.
