This period melodrama is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters trapped in a room are completely in the forefront of his work, and over time he will still be proficient in portraying their helplessness and engaging the audience in their terror. In the mere title Sealed Room, there is one big difference to the normal plot line, since there is really no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. First, she is using space. While the typical biography can use a dozen or more sets briefly, the sealed room contains only two adjoining rooms ?? the king's court and the dove cote who become the parable. The set design in these shorts is rarely referred to, but here it is essential. The court is a large interior, with a background that shines at a greater depth and shows us a window and a staircase. Actors enter and exit from different directions, indicating that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. In contrast, the back of the pigeon is very close to the camera, and its corners indicate a hexagonal or octagonal shape. It seems even more limited. <br /> <br /> The second technique shown here is the cross cut. Anyone with an interest in Griffith's work will probably know of his heavy use and development of cross cutting to build excitement or tension. Many will also know that this is not his invention. But what makes Griffith's intersections so effective is the way he adjusts the opposing images so they complement each other. The sealed room contains a good example of what I mean. The shots of the bricklayers moving the heavy bricks have a slow, incremental fit, with tension as the wall gets higher. This movement is adapted by the shots of the blissful unconscious lovers, in which Marion Leonard tears one-to-one flower leaves. As the couple realized their predicament, their rising panic was replenished by the king's opposing shot tearing his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this stage, Griffith was still aware that the action could be increased. further by introducing a third beach at the intersection. The dramatic "ride-to-rescue", absent here, was later a standard climax for Griffith's photos.
