By 1909, D.W. Griffith has been filming the Biograph Company for about a year and ?? work at a rate of two or three a week ?? quickly began to develop his skills as a film maker. "The sealed room" is a very interesting 11 minute short, a fascinating piece of gothic melodrama that even drives slightly in the realm of early terror. The simple story is probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 short story, "The Cask of Amontillado," and pertains to a powerful king who receives a wonderfully sadistic form of revenge to punish his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> Set in medieval times, "The Sealed Room" with the King (Arthur V. Johnson) oversees the construction of a windowless room of a secured pigeon. The idea is that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place. Enjoying each other's company. He is obviously very much in love with her, who always shows his love. This latest act is the coronation of his longing. However, despite the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic engagement in the specially-built room, the woman and the minstrel are discovered and the heart-broken king understands a way to get his recompense on the ignorant couple. Silently he ordered his workers to seal the only doorway with stone and mortar, slowing down in dripping madness as each new stone was put down. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith always had an eye for acute detail, and 'The Sealed Room' is an excellent early example of this. The cute medieval costumes give the film a sense of reality, and the castle interior looks real enough to be credible. At the time, the director was also pioneering methods of creating tension, and I have to admit that, as the film progresses, I have come to find out what would happen to the unfortunate young lovers. In the early hours, Griffith restricts his shots to long-haired shots of a stationary camera (as usual at that time), but soon? parallel to the gradually darker subject? He changes his editing tactics in a fascinating way. Although he didn't invent the technique, Griffith was crucial to popularize cross-cutting? it is alternating between different events that occur simultaneously. It not only creates a sense of continuity, but it also maximizes tension, as we as the audience are well aware of not only the terrible actions of the king, but also that the woman and the minstrel are unaware of everything . <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, the sealed room suffers from many of the shortcomings typical of the era. The entire film is set in just two rooms, captured with only three positions. So it tends to be boring and monotonous at times. The appearing performances are largely exaggerated for extra effect, but at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his overstatement actually contributed to the recognition of the escalating madness of the betrayed king. A moment I thought very effectively was when the two lovers tried to leave the room, just to replace their only doorway with a solid stone wall. Their panic reactions, accompanied by the king's silent maniacal cackling, serve very well to create an impending claustrophobia sensation. However, I thought their oxygen supply was exhausted quickly.
