After failing to sell his screenplays to the new film industry during the first decade of the 20th century, dramatist D.W. Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by the Biograph Company as a director of movies. It wasn't really what Griffith expected when he decided to enter the movie business, but he accepted the job. In less than a year he became Biograph's most successful director, thanks to his original approach to movies and the wild invention of his story. Many years later, in 1915 he would direct the "Birth of a Nation", the film that would revolutionize film change and make him one of the first well-known authors of the film; But much of what will make him a good filmmaker can be found in the very short films he made in the early years of his Biograph Company career. 1909's "The Sealed Room" is one of the and also one of the few horror films of the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a story in the 16th century. in which a spade (Arhtur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It's a small but nice and very cozy room, as it is meant to enjoy the love and affection of his wife, the Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. The Earl, however, does not know that his wife is not faithful, as she is with the Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) at the court with whom she has a relationship. As soon as the spade becomes busy with its own business, the Countess calls the Minstrel and both loved ones will enjoy the Count's new room. When the count comes back, he discovers that she is missing and starts to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in his room; Instead of making a scene, he prefers to stay hidden, as he decides there is a better punishment for his unfaithful wife: to seal the windowless room with the couple. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths regular colleague Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room", features elements of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Cask of Amontillado" and especially Honore De Balzac's "La Grande Breteche" create a ghostly gothic melodrama based on the themes of betrayal and sadism. In spite of 11 minutes, Woods's script developed the story in a very good way and played remarkably well with the horror elements of the story. While a melodrama focuses on the heart, Woods focuses on the character of the spade and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters of this early era. "The sealed room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but Woods' handling of the dark and morbid theme of his plot makes the story a very entertaining movie that is very different from most Griffith's melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The sealed room" Griffith uses his talents to experiment differently from his usual stress and tension. While playing regularly with editing to create thrillers that excite his audience, he focused in this movie on despair and horror, with the inherent sense of claustrophobia that had the source stories. It's interesting how the story begins as another of its melodramas and slowly the pace becomes faster as the horror themes begin to dominate the plot, resulting in its huge use of editing for the final scenes. Not a movie where camera tricks are essential, most of them in "The Sealed Room", Griffith's talent for directing his actors, as the legendary filmmaker can best get his part from his usual natural style. removed the staginess that was the norm in his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, the role-play was from ordinary Griffith comrades, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as the Earl. Johnson gives a good performance and really carries the character's transition from loving man to sadistic monster. His performance is not without being an attack, but actually it adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. Like the Countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her acting, which transports a natural charm that makes it difficult to not sympathize with her in her treason. Finally, legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as the handsome Minstrel, and although he is not one of his best performances, he manages to give a playful play that also adds a comedy comedy to the movie. While it's not really important for the plot, it's nice to see other members of Griffith's stock company in the background, such as his wife, Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford as adjutant at court. <br /> <br /> Although not exactly a masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is a significant exercise of editing to create tension and tension as Griffith used in those days. The movie has a very good set design and while Griffith's detailing is very low, it is very convincing and works perfectly with his direct style. The change from focus to horror makes it stand out from among his films from the era, and Johnson's performance as the sadistic count makes it worth a watch. While Griffith is always remembered for his highly influential (and controversial) "The Birth of a Nation", the early short films he made gave a good idea of ​​the development of the techniques and style that would make him legend. make . Simple but elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 10/07
