Excellent P.O.W. adventure, adapted by Eric Williams from his own book (a paper copy of my dad's library) inspired by true events; It may be the first movie of its kind and therefore it has a lot to answer for ?? not just similar tight-top examples like ALBERT, R.N. (1953), the COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER IN (1959), but higher profile phenomena on the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). It then puts the base fairly firmly: British soldiers vaccinated in a German camp invented an ingenious escape plan, borrowing a page from the Greek legend ?? Underneath the vaulters used during physical exercise, they are caught! In fact, the film is divided neatly into two halves: the first deals with the slow process of digging the tunnel, which culminates in the escape itself, while the latter stages depict their fortune outside the camp as they try to make it to neutral Sweden. . Typically from these British films, the movie shows several established (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and up-and-coming (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) nothing of countless reliable characters (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three leads / escapes are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two hold together, the latter goes its own way? just to run in the other to reach safety. As expected, the narrative involves a lot of tension and excitement; as with most male-centered P.O.W. Sage is also, the female interest is minimized. Director Lee did not have a long career? with this and the somewhat similar (albeit with a change from both the standpoint and position) A CITY like ALICE (1956) its most notable achievements ?? but he certainly has milked all the gripping conditions in this case (although, expected, delays in filming, Lee dropped his post early, leaving producer Ian Dalrymple with the task of tying loose points!). Anyway, the particular lighting (especially during night time rows) is worth it.
