Something about the 40-year-old Virgin and the other comedy hit of the summer, Wedding Crashers, is similar, but in some ways they are two different movies. Both are romantic comedies that have the kind of exaggerated, crazy sensibility that teenagers and guys hold in their 20s, along with the regular date individuals to watch the movies. Both have some sort of formula for the stories. But by the end of the 40-year-old Virgin, I think I was overall, it was more satisfying than 'Crashers'. Although one can guess where the relationship story with Steve Carrell's character Andy and Catherine Keener's character Trish goes, it's not too basic that someone like Crashers can figure out, and the characters who both lead and support are realistic, more rounded than most of one-dimensional or unexplained people in the other. And maybe it also depends on how much you identify in both (or just the lunacy). <br /> <br /> The thing is some people may go into the 40-year-old Virgin, without even knowing Steve Carrell. such as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell built his cult status on the Daily Show (one of my favorite shows right now) and in small but memorable roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first major role, but it is not treated like a third-class vehicle. He and co-author / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a certain level of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side, even early when he speaks to his action characters as he repainted them. It's also a difficult line to get into rental hands. It can be more or less entertaining than the Lackluster 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also on sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is the 40-year-old who is in him like the nice old friend with another little Pee-Wee Herman. (The opening on the credits of his apartment is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So, his friends (including Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all the good comics) try and think different strategies and tips to finally break the kind of curse about Andy's head around his cherry too busy. talk. He almost gets with an excessively drunk woman, he almost gets with a freaky kind of girl, and almost with his own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in the cartoon) as an (explicit) mate. But it soon fades, as he comes in a meaningful relationship with Trish, working across the street from him. As they build on a relationship that is not sex-based at all, one can worry that the "how's he telling her so and so" plot equipment might get in the way of the comedy. That doesn't mean that. In fact, Carrell and the role players are building up a lot of it. For almost an hour and a half of the film's two hours, there was hardly a moment I didn't laugh, either big or small. <br /> <br /> The big laugh, however, does not just mean any formality with the plot, or one or two tiny stray stories (co-workers also have their own relationship problems, Rudd is the funniest). The big laugh comes through Carrell's reactions and that the people around him can also work back with their own kind of humor / charm, or that with any truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes it a real spirit for their relationship (and, like Crashers, there's not much that doesn't make sense). For someone like me who loves it if a comedian can just laugh as he looks on his face, Carrell gets very high points here. And as with a Farrelly brother movie, the more racial or outrageous scenes are done with total absurdity. The "waxing" scene (which really was done) and the kind of Aquarius music number to the end of the film (as it first comes out is a total, uneasy surprise). But if you are willing not to offend, there is more to it. This is one of the funniest films of the year.
