Criticism of the film EVENING, based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted to the screen of Minot and Michael Cunningham, is hard, so hard that it discouraged many viewers trying to try the movie. The primary criticism has focused on the fact that in this film very little happens about a dying woman who is mistaken, she made one summer in her youth, that well-known actors gave very little roles, that the whole production was overheated, etc. For this viewer, the movie on a DVD has seen the silence of the house, a completely different reaction has taken place. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home by the sea and her medication and memories allow her to share a man's name - "Harris" - with her two great daughters Nina ( Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her daughters sit at her bed, Ann enjoys a particular summer when she was a bridesmaid to her best friend, Lila (Mamie Gummer). A marriage, both Ann (Claire Danes and youthful Ann) and Lila's alcoholic brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy), objected to, feeling that Lila was just a man of her class instead of the boy she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), her housekeeper's son who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are woven together in a series of surprises and romances that have been kept secret for 50 years, while Ann dies. The older Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann in the end and the secrets are revealed: "There are no such things as mistakes - life just goes on." The movie is a delicate mood piece and the Minot and Cunningham script is rich in atmosphere and subtle lessons. Yes, there are gaps in the story that could use more explanation, but maintaining the aura of nostalgia of a dying lady's words makes such "holes" understandable. The film is characterized by the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (Redgrave's true daughter), Collette, Gummer (Stripe's true daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also with an ensemble cast of short but very solid achievements. The institution is beautiful (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and the musical score is by Jan Jan P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia"). Rate this movie on your own .... Grady Harp
