So many great actresses in one movie serve as a practical invitation for the local film house so I responded properly. Here are some remarks. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is great even while lying in bed. She also looks very old and I don't think it is achieved with a lot of make-up that is a good thing for the movie, but a sad thing for our moviegoers. I think her aging has become a bit difficult over the past year. Claire Danes continues with her good pleasure returning to the movies and gives a definite warmth. Mamie Gummer's likeness to her mother, Merly Streep, both in terms of physical appearance and acting, is so striking that I lost my concentration to the film a few minutes after her entrance. She is surprisingly good; but such an agreement has the danger of working against her favor. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson certainly had a plastic case on her face. She certainly doesn't seem to remember how she remembers previous films (for example, "Nell.") Both she and Toni Collette unfortunately don't make much impression, because they don't seem convincing as sisters. Their interaction is poor. Toni Collette is also too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep needed more screen time. Stripe's performance is actually little more than a cameo. Her screens on the other hand have greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins offers some welcome dry white, especially in her second role as an imaginary night camera for Redgrave's character. Regarding the men; Hugh Dancy illuminates the film considerably even though he gives a wider view than needed. In fact, as soon as he leaves the story, it starts to drag. It is also in his belief that he manages to create the exact sense of boyish charm in the viewer. Patrick Wilson on the other hand is a complete void in the middle of the film. He also has the misfortune that the writing is insufficient to explain why three people (one of them a man) are beaten so much by the man. The background to this had to be developed more. <br /> <br /> The cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main summer house did not convince me. It does not seem to be on top of the rocky hill, especially with its grass patch in the front. A bit too cardboard like. <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is an elegant production, but a sought-after-it-all-before-and-for-the-show survives most of its duration and consequently failed to make the kind of impact that I expected from a tearjerker. But it still made me mind over time, about the expectations of life and the extent to which it was fulfilled or not. Worth trying at least on DVD, if not at the movie.
