After seeing the trailer for Evening, you'll probably first think about how big the cast is involved. (I think they even have Rocky Horror's own Brad, Barry Bostwick, to show the world what he's still doing), and the next second about how they just showed us the whole movie. Although not quite true, the movie is beautiful in the trailer, and it is not necessarily a bad thing. It's a story about a dying woman who remembered a long time ago when she met the love of her life. Her daughters were reminded of people they'd never heard of and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy soon. No matter what happens, but the movie is not about these people and what they do, good or bad. It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life. What can be regretted can actually be the one in your life needed to happen, so the good times that follow will ever happen. <br /> <br /> The story itself is nicely told and is obviously adapted from the literature. Our filmmakers decide here to tell the story by connecting each other between the present (Ann on her deathbed), dreamstate (Ann hallucinating by combining the gift with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meets Harris at her best friend wedding). There are a few times when the cuts are a bit sudden, and the progress of the past is so good that you can find the present things a bit long and boring, but overall it is better handled than at first thought. It is not as if Ann's life is now uninteresting, it has only less to do with the plot, then it does with the morals being taught. While acknowledging that the parallels with the past help alleviate the problems for Ann's children, I was a little too enraged in the wedding to take care as much as possible. There are a few nice moments, but Ann's awakening comes from the slumber that is later mirrored, and the cryptic dreams that both worlds use. <br /> <br /> It's the play that makes flashbacks enthralling and fluid. These shows are quite sound to the point where you get a little angry when our time period has changed and we have to wait to find out what happens next. No matter how annoying I find Claire Danes' angry / sad / crying face in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. I have been warming up her talents more and more recently and this one only promotes thawing. Patrick Wilson is always wonderful in what I've seen him. You have to give him credit for choosing great roles and never do much more than one movie a year. From Angels in America to last year's grandchildren, the guy will soon blow up, but hopefully he'll stay true to the craft and not cash. Very much, even Mamie Gummer is good as the younger version of her real-life mother Meryl Streep (which is surprisingly in the movie very little). She was still rough around the edges, but she was great at expressing the emotional turmoil. Her character goes on her wedding day. However, the true revelation is Hugh Dancy. I feel that I have seen him in many things, but it actually only looks like King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene in which he is involved and the way his Buddy role is destroyed by love / alcohol / life is etched in his facial expressions everywhere. Without his performance, the playback sequence in the somewhat forgotten category could have fallen to the rest of the film and made the experience a whole lot worse. <br /> <br /> While not quite original in the way writers post the evening, bring knowledge and craft to the table. You may mistake the length and amount of cut scenes to tie it all together, but you cannot argue that the play is not worth stabbing. Perhaps a movie version of the wedding is just something to see, but if it all comes together, there can also be something that could not be achieved without all the other story boards. Either way, the payout is for the most part worth the ride and every level of reality ends with its own subtle beauty and lives up to what has come before.
