As she is reminded in her deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) recalls the name "Harris" and reminds the day at the 50's when she was an aspiring singer and traveled from New York to worship her rich friend, Lila Wittenborn, to be (Mamie Gummer) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is welcomed by Lila's alcoholic and reckless brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) in the Wittenborn's seaside cottage and he tells her his sister is in love with their friend and servant, Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson) in the war and graduated in medicine. Later, the bride confessed her true feelings about Harris to Ann. However, when Ann meets Harris, she loves him and they have a brief case during one night while a tragedy happens to Buddy. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, the uncertain and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and the happy woman and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson) are worried about their mother and resolved differences. <br /> <br /> "Evening" has one of the best female roles I have ever seen in a movie, with beautiful shows. The parable of the beautiful Mamie Gummer with her mother Meryl Streep is wonderful and she has a show that honors her mother's name. The venues, costumes, decoration, cinematography and soundtrack are also fantastic. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I have not clearly understood the message of this movie. Why motherhood is so important in the story? Was Constance in the night standing by Ann and Harris and he would be her father? Why didn't Ann and Harris stay together if the man really loved her as he confessed in their occasional meeting in New York? What issues did Ann Lord decide after visiting Lila Ross? Was Buddy Wittenborn bisexual or his love for Harris a brotherly love? Why did Nina Mars change her mind about motherhood? It seems that the scriptwriters or the director failed because they could not make the sensible and fulfilling of the beautiful love story. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Eventide")
