Evening is the beautiful story of a mother's poor love. The movie split in time, was shot magically, performed incredibly and had a touch script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who is out of life. She lies in her bed, remembering and misfiring, she remembers her first mistake. Claire Danes plays the young Anne, who gives a youthful vitality to the dying industry woman. Girls Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to decipher the real story of deviant dementia. Her first mistake is about Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); The man, her best friend, Lila (Mamie Gummer), was very much loved. The girls must agree with their mother's past and their future. The movie glows in the evening. The collective acting energy of this movie could have driven the equipment for the production of this entire film. I'm so happy to see Claire Danes again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, and lives fully the joys, mistakes and grief of young Anne's first mistake. It's a real thing if you realize she's playing a woman, dying in bed. When her life gets over her, you can feel her desire to crack and her hopeless hope she won't. Some of her facial expressions engraved a bit on me, but all her performances were so radiant, I was just as a lace note. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress without being a supermodel. She plays the black sheep of the family; a little lost. Nina finds power in her mother's mistake. Collette avoids creating a cruel character that evokes her mother's mistakes, rather than choosing the wiser way of learning from her mother's mistakes. Nina and her sister Constance are fighting. Their battles remind me of those I always have with my sister. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's youngest best friend, is wonderful. Her character hangs between her heart and her status in society. Even when she cries and breaks her heart, she is incredibly regal and charming. I can't wait to see her actions in something else in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult for me to describe. Her talent for making her spiritual status ambiguous without being wacko or even tragic is why it is so powerful. The audience does not know if she is making the story because she stays away or whether these events have really happened. Physically and emotionally, Redgrave speaks in a box. Not much physical space and limited emotional scope might have been a minor actress, but she limits her work. I was constantly surprised. The movie is definitely feminine, but the men in the movie are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is fascinating as Harris. It's no wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, I was sure. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother who is out of control. Hugh Dancy spiral Buddy out of control without sending his play into the drain. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the well-known scene of Monster's Ball. It was terrible and the jaw drowned. I was completely amazed. The one acting disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While her fight was unforgettable, most of her play was of melodrama. It would have suited her to take an acting bath before breathing her stink. It's a good thing she wasn't in control of the visuals. The footage of the movie is sparkling. Combatographer Gyula Pados couldn't make a movie richer in color, light so perfectly matched with mood and emotion. The visual concepts of the flash back series are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that could be stopped, printed, mounted and sold as art. I admit it, I cried. Evening is a powerful movie. The evening is challenging a chick spot, but a very big chick spot. If you want to impress a woman with a movie choice, choose Backup.
