Since I read the book on which this movie is based, I have mixed feelings about the filmed result. For a long time I learned to see the movie adaptation of a book before reading the book, because I found that if I read the book first, I was inevitably disappointed in the movie. This would undoubtedly be true, while in the case of Reconciliation, which is probably the best-filmed adaptation of a book I've ever seen, it probably wouldn't matter. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out the cause, and I suspect I should point my finger square at Michael Cunningham. How much I respect him for hours (which I didn't read, but what I saw and surprised), I can't escape the feeling that he hasn't adapted so much to Susan Minton's book because he has some taken the characters and the basic premise. and write his own movie out there. <br /> <br /> It's not that I don't like the movie. I really love the movie, and so I have upset the whole thing since I started reading the novel. I feel disloyal to Mrs. Minton to enjoy the movie, which was such a departure from her work. When I read it, I can understand why she had such a struggle to adapt it. Unlike one movie reviewer, it is not so much that some novels don't deserve to be a movie; it's more like some books just can't make the transition. Mrs. Minton's novel works on a level so personal and intimate for her central character, so internal, that it seems impossible for me to put it in a physical area. Although much of the book is a reminder of real events, it's memory, and so fragmented and ethereal to feel, I feel, not filmed. I think Mrs. Minton's work is a real literature work but cannot make the transition to film, which in no way detracts from its value. <br /> <br /> I can't report that night, the movie, don't tell the night, the novel, in the most superficial way, as I'm just half way through, but the original will be a tremendous leap must make to look like the next movie. I think I am writing this because I feel that if you adapt a novel, adjust it, but do not do anything else that is not. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham did everything completely original, but what I can see so far is everything he did, based on someone else's work. We will not have The Hours if Virginia Woolf does not. Dalloway did not write and we will not have any trouble in the evening if Susan Minton did not have much trouble doing what was unlikely to be done in the first place. But it's too much to say it would be better than Mrs. Minton left alone enough, because evening, the movie, is a satisfying and beautiful work of its own. <br /> <br /> So, my confusion, mixed feelings, sense of infidelity and ultimate conclusion that the novel in this case cannot be the movie and vice versa, and my ultimate thanks to both writers to do what they did so we both work as they are.
