The first "side story" in the universal century Gundam universe offers a refreshing new look at the war between the earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who will play in the conflict, but on the everyday civilian population and how the war is seen through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The storyline contains a few Gundam staples, the starting point of which is the efforts of a ZEON group to capture an experimental Gundam, but that is the execution of the plot that shows showed. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie, who is secretly a Federation pilot and a newbie Zeon pilot, Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of brotherly love for Bernie, while our young pilot from Zeon also falls for Christina. <br /> <br /> "War in the bag" proves that you don't need a comprehensive epic story about special individuals. for a good war story. There's no uber ace to see pilots or large-scale naval battles here. This short 6 episode OVA focuses much more on character emotional drama about other themes such as politics or philosophy and I like how realistic the characters are portrayed. Alfred is your typical everyday child who plays violent computer games and thinks the army is cool. He is then given an accident course in the terrible realities of the war. The unlikely friendship and bond between Bernie and Christina, who do not know that their soldiers are on different sides of the war, is really played without going overboard with the romance drama. The same goes for the close relationship between Alfred and Bernie. It will be said, I do not want to spoil much of the story here, but it makes it much more heartbreaking to watch the unfolding tragedies, while the performance is moving completely to its emotionally devastating spinning end. <br /> <br /> Despite its lack of action, this show never falls into the "sowing" category. The characters are just enough to carry the entire show. Don't worry because there are a number of mobile pack action scenes scattered here and there. Each one is beautifully animated at a level that exceeds that of an OVA and is certainly worth meeting for some "compulsory" mobile packing fights in a Gundam range. <br /> <br /> Usually anime looks in Japanese or English, I would be on personal preference. But in this case, I recommend the English vote over the Japanese. Not only are the characters all except Alfred kaukaties, but more faithful in English, but the performances of the English cast are surpassing and even Japanese. Each character is introduced by so realistic emotions and intonations that they are only acting in some live action TV dramas. <br /> <br /> In short, this show is not trying to impress the audience. What this does is many heart-warming themes closest to home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A really moving little story that earns more credit than it is given.
