It is a complex film that explores the effects of Fordist and Taylorist modes of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant references to the manufacture of assembly lines, where workers are treated as cats in a machine, under the supervision of drivers who control clipboards, control how many hairs the workers leave, and shooters (Stanley) who meet all criteria (such as supervisor says is always on time, are hard workers, do good work), but can make a mistake in some unspecified future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley must send his father to a nursing home (where he quickly dies) after Stanley lost his job. Iris's daughter is a single teenage mother who falls from high school to take a job in the plant. References are made to the fact that both partners, with falling wages, must work, the implication that there is no one left at home to look after the children. Iris's husband died of an illness, and with the multiple references in the film about the cost of medical care, the viewer must wonder if he lived with better and more precious care. Iris's son-in-law is abused after another unsuccessful day at the unemployment office when his wife shouts for him to buy a beer with her savings instead of leaving her face and / or teeth (even the working class with no interest in buying conventional bourgeois ideas of perfection and beauty in them). The one reference to race in the film is by a black factory line worker whose husband is in prison (presumably he is also black, and black men are disproportionate to high seizure rates). She says he, like her, does "time" - her family is made up of a prisoner and a wage slave. However, Stanley still believes in human relationships and is therefore out of the system of Fordist capitalism for most of the film. He cares for his father, despite the fact that it was his father's selling job that caused his illiteracy. He has not yet reduced the human relationships to a purely instrumental contract, as Iris's son-in-law (suggesting he is married to the wrong sister). He is not, as Iris says, consistent with the work-eating - Sleeplessness from everyone else; rather, he uses technology and techniques of industrial production in an artificial and creative way, in a kind of Bauhaus ideal, which was the dream of early modernists and 1920's socialists (like the Bauhaus) - to using technology to cater for all the basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human work and fuller human relationships, and beyond traditional gender relations, he cooks, cleans, cares for his family and he know how to iron Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditional male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she brings Stanley into the public world, traditionally spoiled e are the boundaries of women. By teaching him to read and write, she gives him access to the world of knowledge, also traditionally oriented. <br /> <br /> Literacy is used here as a metaphor for the (traditionally male) public realm and the systems of circulation (monetary, vehicle, culture) that make participation in the public world possible. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - the work that is open to him, cooks and cleans. He is excluded from all regular circulation, cannot participate in the monetary (cannot open a bank account), in the vehicle (cannot get a driver's license, cannot drive the bus), and in the social query whether he exists if he cannot write his name.) After reading, he grabs books on automatic restoration, farming and spirituality (the Bible). The Word of God is thus relativized, placed on the same level of value as how-to books. In fact, organized religion in general is only present many times - the Bible also appears in a dressing room like the camera pans to find Stanley and Iris having sex. However, it is recognized as a moral force. Iris, obviously a character devoted to the life of a "good" life, at the beginning of the film mentions that her rosary is one of the objects lost in a purse. <br /> <br /> Once he can read, he goes into the system and lands a healthcare plan, a car and a home that takes his place at the head of the family, the breadwinner. Presumably, he is an industrial designer and dreams of products that others will need to keep the assembly line sadness. This end, probably the only part of conventional Hollywood in the film, is so uncomfortable with everything that has come before. I wonder if it is not forced by some Studio exec, suddenly worried about the lack of a feeling of good feeling and its potential effect on the bottom line. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the pundits, we have moved comfortably to post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a slight nostalgic feeling, as if we needed the historical distance to really analyze what happened during that period has. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your brain. Remember the end, and it's close to a perfect 10.
