I love all dogs Go to heaven, though I'm an old man. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films made by Don Bluth! In the film, Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) was helped by his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise) from the pound in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who is in the casino business, wants to be equal to his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface who is not willing to share the same with Charlie, pushes a car on a bridge to Charlie who is killing him! Charlie arrives in heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that his time is up by showing him a watch that stopped and she explains that all dogs are going to heaven because all dogs are of course good! Charlie stabbed the stopwatch behind his back and switched it back and he returned to Earth with Annabelle shouting. You can never come back! Charlie reunited with Itchy and they are soon exploring to find out that Carface was not just trying to kill Charlie. He also kidnapped a small orphan named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy, Ann Marie helps escape. The next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie are looking for money! Ann Marie sees a couple she thinks big parents will make her! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie sneaks behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the man's money that a horse will win the race! The horse they said will win winning winds and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie will pay $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie that he will use the money to give to the poor, but find a new casino and gambling and buy pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon, Ann Marie found out that Charlie had stolen the man's purse and used his money on the horse race and everything! Charlie sad about it has a dream to go to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie is awakened and finds Ann Marie away! She left to give the purse back to the couple who forgave her about the purse and invited her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave with him and she pretends to be sick, but is caught by mice trying to feed them to King Gator, but they can escape! Soon Carface comes up and takes Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to the rescue and calls on King Gator to eat Carface. Charlie's time is up and he has to die again. Stingy with the help of the other dogs, find the couple who took Ann Marie in and get to come with them where Ann Marie is. They're on time to save Ann Marie, but are too late to save Charlie whose time is over! Charlie, who is awarded for his heroic attempt to save Ann Marie, is welcomed back to Heaven, but before coming in, he tells Ann Marie who was adopted by the couple and asks her to take care of Itchy. She says yes and tells Charlie she loves him and goodbye! Charlie goes back to heaven as it was said. All dogs go to heaven! Filled with great animation, characters and story Don Bluth proved us again to be a great animator! It's too bad this movie was released the same year Little Mermaid is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, which was the year before I was born! I think I should call them both the best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
