First of all, 'St. Ives' movie is only fairly loosely based on the Robert Louis Stevenson story of the same name, but it is not a criticism. The original novel was a work unfinished after the author's death. To release it and end it, the filmmakers have lively characters, which, unlike Stevenson's original, surely charmed and amused. This is 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, referred to by the Guillotine of the Revolution and now serving as Napoleon's army. We meet him and go out for the evening and claim that since a hussar that is not 30 years old is a blackguard, he is at 34, now "on loan"! Certainly, as he has some challenges facing two fighters, it seems as if our warrior in danger is in danger, but a surrealistic attempt on his colonel gives him a way out of the duels and in the bed of a beautiful courtier / singer. losing his commission Further misadventures caused him to be captured by the British and sent to a POW camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While cutting toys and boxes, Jacques got the attention of Flora, the young cousin of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a wealthy woman of the world living at Swanston Cottage, they fall in love, and most of the story is about Flora which helps to escape Jacques and his emigre grandfather, to find the old Comte, of course there is a problem, Jacques's older brother, Alain, a dissolute alcoholic, perhaps understandably, far from pleasure as grandfather upset him before the whole household, the moment Jacques appeared ... Cue betrayal! There is also an entertaining part of the romance between the uncomfortable, naive but kind-hearted Major Farquhar Chevening and Tannie Susan, who traveled most Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allowing a natural bias in favor of a movie in which the heroines love me, "St. Ives' is magic! It combines beautifully swashbuckling swordfights, a balloon flight, comedy and romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who loves 'the kind of movie they no longer make' - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. The acting is wonderful. Anna Friel makes Flora an enthusiastic and attractive heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is beautiful as Jacques, a truly lovely hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already good favorites from me and have fun as Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship as a comic counterpoint runs to those of the leaders. Like the shaky, scary but ultimately tragic Alain, Jason Isaacs, as he recently did in 'The Patriot', he shows that he has the classic swashbuckling style, except the good looks! Please, will anyone throw him as a * hero * in the genre? <br /> <br /> My main doubts are with the movie about institutions and costumes. In the book, the castle in which Jacques is a prisoner, clearly Edinburgh, but the film, shot in Ireland, Germany and France, made the area 'Highlandised'. Retaining place names such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry is definitely unrelenting. The costumes are also a real kit spot, from the 1780s to the time they were set. Although it would not be priceless with more down-market characters who "don't", it seems odd to good-natured ladies, such as the heroines who dress in 1880's clothes. Clearly, the cost decision was aesthetic: these earlier styles are visually much more attractive and elegant than Regency modes, and they work in the idealized world of the movie. As a whole, 'St. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure joy.
