Alain Corneau, such as his older brothers Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, played his teeth in the French film, including 'la Menace' (1977) and 'Série Noire' (1979). "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau sustained and shot his works at this time. They have beautiful cinematography, spectacular screens and a sophisticated workmanship that is effectively worked out. <br /> <br /> Police superintendent Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a policeman with unconventional methods who usually work alone. He acquainted himself with a young woman, Sylvia Leopardi (Stefania Sandrelli), and became her lover as she ignored the fact that she had another lover: his superior Ganay (François Perrier). When the latter learns, he kills her in anger. Ferrot has to investigate the murder and all the clues are inexorably against him ... <br /> <br /> One can think that this kind of rushed story is not released from glitches and sometimes one can see right through but Corneau's pedantic direct style helping to evoke a stifling, dark atmosphere. The first part of the film before the night of the murder may seem uninteresting, but it is essential for what this key moment will follow. Corneau falls back on a sober treatment with rather sparse moments and short appearance by secondary, small characters who will see the viewer again during the investigation. Despite the downside, Corneau and his spectacular Daniel Boulanger wrote a fine story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière) who is sometimes surprised because Ferrot keeps relatively low profile during the investigation. But his superior knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot has to find solid tricks to make the waters muddy and free himself. Ultimately, the main idea of ​​the film about Ferrot is itself. He is a police spokesman who loses his identity and finds himself at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is characterized by the moment that he pours himself on his face so that witnesses do not recognize him when he comes face to face with them. <br /> <br /> The background to this excitement is to improve Orléans effectively. through Corneau's camera and helping this ominous thriller inspire his pernicious charm.
