Knowing what to expect (from the Denzel Washington show) - quality, integrity, gravitas, outrageous humor - will prepare you for what to expect from his director's debut. Like Robert De Niro's Bronx Languages, Antwone Fisher delivers the moving drama of the life of a young man and the impact of key figures in his life. As in Bronx Tale De Niro plays one of these key characters to the main character (himself a character was born to play, but was also too old.) Washington has a similar role in this as the paternal counselor for the titular character - " a character He seems to have been played by a Washington 20 years ago. Be grateful Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if he had us, we would first of all be deprived of the wonderfully measured and intelligently nuanced performance he had given as the Navy counselor. But more importantly, we won't see the wonderful, we can only make star, turn Derek Luke into the title role. Inevitably, the character comes as it is poured into Washington's form, but you get the impression it's not just because Washington has fixed it, not that Luke is trying to copy it, but that Luke is so powerful and an actor like Washington thought. It took far too long for Washington to receive the Oscar award for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane. Let's hope Luke doesn't have to wait that long. Also a big piece of casting was Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. While the part could be a memorable support or a regular 'girlfriend' role, Bryant broke it with life. Tender and intelligent, the role induces stereotyping with Bryant living in it, and she makes the part meaningful and interesting. It also doesn't hurt that Bryant might be the most attractive woman you'll see on celluloid this year - the smile alone can thaw the coldest heart. Acting ability and appearance - why not make this woman in everything now. Provides good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife, Berta. To say more with a silence or look than many Hollywood actresses can manage in a whole movie, she tells the audience of the whole story lines long before any exhibition takes place. As for Washington, as I said, it is the ruling equivalent of his acting. With the story of a man who will hear few viewers and make it really interesting, it is a difficult thing that Washington achieves with aplomb. The movie is not rushed or showy, but it never feels slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced, which perfectly balances humor and drama. Antwone Fisher can't blow you away if you like big, explosive, stupid Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a finely crafted character piece, with excellent performances and steady well-treated direction, it's for you.
