Unlike other commentators commenting on the ability of this movie to overcome race, I believe this powerful movie provides a complex and deep story addressing institutional racism and its consequences. Washington directs Fisher's story with a careful hand and critical eye, and does not leave this film to disassemble the woman's bodies, preserve unpredictable stereotypes, or to satisfy the expectation of the white gaze. I think this movie might be a little too happy. However, it is deeply entrenched in African-American culture and discourse to the point that some white spectators can feel the look of the life of this African-American Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the Naval aspect of the movie, but if we look at America, there are not many choices or opportunities for black men who are in Fisher's situation or similar situations. Viewers can expect this movie, which expects a black movie: what is a black movie? <br /> <br /> Do stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single-family homes, etc. a "Black Movie"? "I think Washington as a director admitted that African Americans and other people are dealing with human problems such as abuse and disruptive aggression to name a few. These issues have, historically and at present, only given light and validity through" Good Will Hunting "and other white movies; it is high time they received the same recognition and validity as their white peers in and out of the media. <br /> <br /> Dare to say, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another 10 years before receiving an Oscar or anything else, both waiting for their director or star in a movie that maintains the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to get an Oscar says, Denzel deserves awards for "Malcolm X," "Hurricane" and others before that Oscar "Training Day" Oscar, not to deny or force other great actors and color actors who deny their proper praise for ingenious work.Hollywood will rather send the message that racism and sexism and heterosexuality are acceptable by evaluating and even rewarding the stereotypes as found in countless films such as "American Beauty", "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" and even "Gone" with the Wind. "<br /> <br /> Derek Luke is a helluva actor and I wish him the best. All the other actors and actors played beautiful performances by hand, although I was lightening the problem of another Screenshots, with Denzel's choice, said, everyone should watch this movie, but it may not be for everyone.
