This film, based on a true story, comes from first-time director and long-time actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best achievements of the past decade, as a black soldier in the Glory Civil War, and a lawyer in the well-known Philadelphia. And of course, he made a special celebration last year when he won the Academy Award Best Actor Award in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive Best Actor Award. I think Denzel wanted to change a pace, so he decided to target Antwone Fisher, in which he also starred. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen, but appeared on these television programs as King of Queens yesterday and will appear in the upcoming Biker Boyz movie release. <br /> <br /> This is a really well-done film by Denzel Washington, as it was his first time directed. Undoubtedly, Denzel feels a kind of dedication and believed in Antwone Fisher's real life story. Antwone Fisher is about a young African-American man in the fleet who is constantly in battle and after a particular noise he is sent to see a naval psychiatrist General Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone deal with his turbulent past and learn to continue with his life by finding his mother-in-law to give him birth because she was in prison. What makes this movie good is the fact that it is not too melodramatic. I expected a little more like Good Will Hunting, with lots of curse, fighting and vulgarity. Not that I was not of Good Will, or the curse, like the battle and the vulgarity of the film. On the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I don't think Washington wanted to censor the story for dramatic influence in the film. Don't get me wrong, there are moments when we see Antwone's fight, keep on going and moments when it looks like the world is closing in on him. In his first session with his psychiatrist, the character Washington played, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born. Fisher's reaction is "out of a rock", a clear jab on the pressure that Antwone Fisher's soul is taking off. But I had to appreciate the fact that this film is not censored for dramatic influence. I think it shows the real character of Denzel Washington to deliver a more realistic story and to avoid the typical clichés that appear in Hollywood movies, even those based on true stories. Another point I would like to bring about Antwone Fisher is the play. Everything was good in the movie, but not good at all. Sometimes I think it was a little obvious that the main characters were actors, but generally, to complain about performances in this movie would be ridiculous. One actress I would like to show in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but she hardly says two sentences in the movie, but not so much, because she appears at the end of the movie, but more because she's in shock that her long-lost son, Antwone, has found her . What I'd like to call her as actress in the lack of use of her. She is basically a character actress, and I have not really seen her role expanded. She made appearances in Traffic, Out of Sight, Kate & Leopold, and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In Steven Soderberg's remake of Solaris she played a scientist on a doomed spacecraft that orbits in a planet. In this film she is confronted by George Clooney's character, and she tears on what Clooney tells her in a particular scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing her tear in the scene and thinking, wow, could act this woman. It was as if you could feel the character's grief. In that short shot of her face she gave so much expression and I honestly felt sorry for her character's sadness and trouble in the film. I think she has definite potential as an actress and should be used more often in lead roles, rather than just a character-driven actress. However, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, pulls off a good performance and he gives us a good legal message. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his tremendous critical fame to his portrayal of the troubled man, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, who also stars Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book "Finding Fish: A Memoir" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
