"And the time has come when the risk of getting stuck in a lump was more painful than the risk it blew to bleed." - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says: "The true series of discoveries is not to see new provinces, but to have new eyes." Author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new provinces, but the demons His past prevented him from seeing the world through new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish", written many years after the event, his story is dramatized in the film Antwone Fisher, Denzel Washington's first attempt. It is a sadness as a somewhat formal look at the painful process of digesting the aging of the past to be able to do life in the present time. <br /> <br /> Requires to attend therapy sessions to various outbursts of anger. Basically, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in flashback, as the adults Antwone (Derek Luke) tells his life in sessions with marine psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). He was initially unwilling to speak, but when he started, the locks were opened. After his father was shot dead by a girl and left Antwone by his mother after he was released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years. He had humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment was by his foster mother, Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson), who only referred to him as "nigga" and through his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross), much worse than shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a local named Jesse (Jascha Washington) who later only adds his feelings of abandon. It is difficult to build a film about psychiatric sessions, but it has been successfully done in Ordinary People and Good Will, with much more dramatic interest, but it succeeds here because of the dominant performances of Washington and Luke, although the film says attempt to press eleven Year after a few months seems a bit too easy. However, Davenport's humanity and warmth make Fisher feel safe enough to discuss his difficult past, and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend in the navy, also supports him in his struggle to achieve a breakthrough. <br /> <With Cheryl's help and dr. Davenport's counseling develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the journey of trying to find his mother to complete the past. What comes through Derek Luke's incredible performance is Antwone's longing for acceptance, dramatized in a heartbreaking dream shown at the beginning of the film. He is the guest of honor at a meal full of people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said: "People just remember what we're all here: to go our way home ..." Antwone Fisher not only touches the desire of a young man to get his way home, but reach all those who have cried to sleep without loving the joy of love.
