Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. Graded PG. <br /> <br /> This was the actual comedy of the decade. This won Sir John Gielgud the Oscar. It was even in VH1's "I love the 80's." And it looks just as good today as it did on the initial release. Arthur is the well-known comedy classic about a drunk millionaire (played with enthusiasm and intelligence by Dudley Moore in an Oscar nominated performance) who has to choose between the woman he loves and the life he is accustomed to. While the basic plot is one big click, there's nothing to do with this pleasurable combination of smart dialogue and hilarious farce. Arthur Bach is basically nothing more than a pretentious jerk, but you can't help him, but like him. Especially when he produces lines like, "Don't you want me to be me? I know I do!" He is also a demarcation of the archetypal movie hero: unlike most rich characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed to be dirty. In one scene, a man asks him: "What does it all feel like that money?", What he responds, "It feels good." Moore gives such charisma and charm a character that would otherwise be distorted by his audience. And Gielgud is simply perfect as the arrogant servant, who addresses his master with extreme condolences, despite the fact that his salary is dependent on him. Arthur is one of those movies that is not brilliant or extraordinary: it just comes naturally. The script - which also received a note from the Academy - is saturated with authentic, loud dialogue. This is the kind of movie that you, together with a lot of poker friends, put endlessly together. It also looks at his characters with genuine empathy. There are a number of comedies that try to immerse in drama by including the death or illness of a star (including both Grumpy Old Men's), but few can deliver because we just don't mind. When this film makes the dubious decision to beat the butler, it actually works because we really like these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: for it is an all-encompassing, innocent pleasure. In a time when movies become more and more serious, Arthur reminds us how it feels to go to the movies and just have a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
