I remember trying to take a few minutes of this movie. I'm very surprised that I didn't see it, director Steve Gordon, his only film aimed at the death of heart failure. In fact, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner and Oscar nominated Dudley Moore) is the lucky drunk millionaire with everything he wants, a mansion, a butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe, and BAFTA nominated Sir John Gielgud) and many drink. He will inherit $ 750 million if he marries the co-millionaire daughter Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the wife he and his family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself for Queens servitude Linda Marolla (Golden Globe nominated Liza Minnelli), who of course threatens heritage, and 3/4 of his family's prosperity by father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald ). After the death of Hobson, Arthur did not meet the wishes of the family on the day of the wedding, but Aunt Martha still gave Arthur the inheritance to stay happy with Linda's true love. Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Auntie Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs. Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha's Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and a bit surrounded as the almost always drunk millionaire, Minnelli is like the woman he loves. Gielgud obviously makes a wonderful Oscar impression as Moore's humorous humble sarcastic servant, a tremendous screw-ball comedy. It won the Best Song Oscar for "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)" (it also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 on 100 years, 100 songs), and was voted Best Writing, Scripts written directly for the screen, it nominated the BAFTA Anthony Asquith Film Music Award for Burt Bacharach. It won the Golden Globe for the best film - Comedy / Music. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 on the 50 largest British actors, and the film was number 53 on 100 years, 100 Laughs. Very good!
