1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in movies. Just as some of the best movies of the silent era were made in each genre, the sound came in and - while harvesting big profits at the box - the art of film-making was back about five years back when the film industry struggled with the new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great silence comedies. The film shows that William Haines has comic skills beyond his ordinary formula of the trivial, well-known man who turns everybody against him, teaches his lesson, and then saves himself through the soccer game, the polo game, and so on. To win. This movie also shows A to illustrate that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent comic instincts and timing. This film begins as the Beverly Hillbillies-like adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old South. General Pepper has decided that he will be a happy film student CEO, who will hire his daughter as an actress. As he comes to the studio, the Peppers walk into Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedian. He gets Peggy an acting job. She's unhappy when she finds out it's slapstick, but she perseveres. Eventually she is discovered by a large studio, and she and Billy are one of the ways in which she begins to play dramatic roles. Soon the newfound fame will go to her head and she will lose her audience and get a royal title if she decides to marry her new leading man, with whom she doesn't really love, unless the fate somehow intervenes . <Br /> <br /> One of the things that MGM often does in his late-silent movies, and in his early sound films, is feature shots of how MGM's movie work was conducted around 1930s. This film is one of those, as we get Charlie Chaplin to get Peggy's signature, an abundance of cameos from MGM players during that era, including director King Vidor himself, and even a comedy by Marion Davies and Peggy, which Marion Davies sees Marion Davies coming to work. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she doesn't care about her. Really a pleasure from start to finish, it's a silence that's definitely worth it. It is one of the films I also recommend that you use to introduce people to the art of silent cinema, as it is very accessible.
