This 1981 comedy still boasts the joint efforts of author / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon died only in his early forties shortly after completing it, his only feature film. This is a particularly unfortunate loss, as he shows a really handsome hand on character-driven farce that makes the whole movie irresistible. It plays almost like a 1930's screw-ball comedy that is adapted for contemporary taste. The plot is based on Arthur Bach, a drunk, inferior millionaire player, at risk of losing his $ 750 million remnant if he does not marry the dull and boring Susan Johnson, an heir who goes through his old money dad. and brave grandma is speckled. Of course he doesn't love her and by chance, she walks in Linda Marolla, a working-class waitress (and of course aspiring actress) after launching a Bergdorf Goodman tie for her dad. <br /> <br /> The standard complications come in a very impressive way with many alcohol-powered slapstick lined with Moore's classic elan. Enjoying such a pampering character is a credit not only for his comic talents, but also for Gielgud's physical, pure turn as Hobson, Arthur's dedicated but reality-oriented valet. It's the type of role he can play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson such an unforgettable character that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection into the proceedings. In the likelihood of her nicest movie role, Liza Minnelli handles the picture to her male co-stars, obscuring her usual razzle-blind personality and Linda fairly justified in motivation. <br /> <br /> A Pre-LA Law "Jill Eikenberry just plays Susan on the right passive aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father on Seinfeld) steals all his scenes as Linda's messy dad, Ralph. The one fly in the ointment is veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, who overdoing the grandmother's eccentricity, and I have to admit that I still can't endure the obsolete Christopher Cross song that the Oscar for the year's best song ever won Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, which definitely needs a remastering, has no extras except some photos and production notes.
