I saw Marion Davies in a few movies and really couldn't understand her appeal. She couldn't dance for peanuts, she didn't try to sing and perform for her - she was in trance. But I didn't see her quiet comedies and this movie is wonderful. Instead of estimating her own image, as suggested here, it seems to me a satire on Gloria Swanson, who started with slapstick comedies, took many emotional women's photos and eventually married a spade. Marion, a top mimic, also did a funny rabbit simulation when she wanted to see how big it was. It was Gloria Swanson's place! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has all the way from Georgia to Hollywood, proving that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will be the biggest star ever. Their hope disappears and they are up to their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) working at the slapstick studios and promises to get Peggy a job. Peggy thinks she's going to be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks she's a great cartoon. They convince her to make the movie and at the preview it is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for her signature, but she doesn't recognize him and treat him fairly rude. "Who was that short little guy" - when she finds out, she falls !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is popular and suddenly she's on her way. There is a funny scene where she sees a star she doesn't think much about - it's Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> Eventually she gets the chance to be a dramatic actress - but she can't cry! !! It's a hilarious scene if the director tries to make her cry and if he succeeds, she can't stop !!! Her new chief, André (Paul Ralli), convinces her to forget her comedy and become elite and sophisticated - she even accepts a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the slapstick studio picks up the same place as Patricia's movie, Billy is excited to see her, but rather unprepared for her sneaky attitude. When she calls him a cheap clown, he realizes she wasn't the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a studio lunch (a beautiful spectacle of some of the biggest stars of the day), a Patricia gets a call from the boss. Her movies seem to be a flop and no theaters want to discuss them - the public is tired of her ways and wants to return the old Peggy. She and André decide to marry, his dreams of being a Countess (although Billy says Andre serves him spaghetti in a small cafe center and is no longer a spade than he is). On her wedding day, Billy and after a hilarious Flemish pie fight, she realizes Billy is one for her. <br /> <br /> Seeing all the guests was incredible. John Gilbert is seen by the MGM gates, Lew Cody talks to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It", but several racial novels made in MGM films. William Haines, another actor whose movies I always wanted to see, was wonderful - especially in the cafeteria scene, he had wonderful comic timing. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as the comedy director - there were so many hilarious scenes in this movie and Marion was at the top of everyone - I give this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Highly, highly recommended.
