I had the pleasure of verifying the "Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New London Film Festival last week. The festival highlights the best independent and non-mainstream films of the past year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen for screening at this festival for the simple reason that it was shot locally in and around East Connecticut. But when the credits started rolling, I could only think about how good "The Big Bad Swim" compared to the others that appeared during the festival. By far it followed my list, followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who The Electric Car" and "Transamerica" ​​killed. <br /> <br /> The "Big Bad Swim" is an engaging, truthful and often-humorous look at a few adult-educated swimming class pupils and their nice but upset instructor who has a depth that I have not yet met. screen has been seen for some time. The confusing character development and plot lines that come from something absurd as adult swimming lessons, work in subtle and engaging ways that I find refreshing. The plot doesn't knock you over the head with a direction; rather, build it and grow organically at a pace that is about to come. I was never bored. I never snapped. I never got out of the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". The actions of a group of relatively unknown actors were credible and their dialogue was never uncomfortable or confronted. Obviously it wasn't a multi-million production, but the camera shot was not a pity, but it was good and well done for the budget. The lighting and filming technique for scenes filmed in the strip club setting was particularly striking because of a more realistic approach than a similar theme scene found in "Closer". I also found that shots under class class looked from the middle, just as much a character's character as a shot from the shoulders. <br /> <br /> I'm sure it gets over and over in the independent movie industry, but I have to say: If "The Big Bad Swim" isn't picked up for some kind of distribution, I'll be very disappointed be. The great bad swim should be seen. If you have the chance to watch this movie, see it! Disappointment is impossible!
