Sunday July 16 at 20:00 Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As a Southern Colonel, your makeup is many Indiana" <br /> <br /> Hollywood's gossip managed to sling more than a little mud in Marion Davies' direction over the years. The fact that she gave her fame and did not deserve is often speculated. In the light of the mawkish dramas she so often printed, this criticism seems valid. However, as a comedian, her star shone very brightly. Leaving to pursue a career in light comedy and slapstick, she may compete with Mabel Normand. One of her better outings was King Vidor's Show People (1928), which survives and is so famous, mainly because MGM filled it with star comos. This lucky coincidence accidentally rescued what is certainly under the best work of his two stars, Davies, and the infamous Joe College Wise Cracker, William Haines. Rumors have it. Show People were loosely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, who started in Sennett comedies and rose to great drama. (And don't think she didn't spend the rest of her life with everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this movie are the original digs. Keystone left the previous year. (Think of who worked there!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) manages his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to die in the movies. These two land brackets are unsuspecting fodder for unbeatable Billy Boone (Haines), a flameware artist? descending at their cafeteria table into a far-reaching funny entrance (look for the little noodle), then help Peggy land play in his next photo. What she thinks is a high drama, but it is a job and Billy convinces her. "All the stars need to know it on the chin. "" At the preview, Billy and Peggy bump ?? Charlie Chaplin, asking her signature! She pushes the little man aside and a horrible Billy grabs the book and signs her. Chaplin climbs into his car and Billy tells Peggy whose shes just killed, so of course, she falls. It's so funny, because Davies character is not supposed to recognize this man! Peggy is moving to work at High Art Studios, changing her name to 'Patricia Pepoire' and leaving poor Billy behind. Davies does a wonderful performance of a serious actress, with all the prerequisite fluttering lashes and shaky lips. Vidor throws in a parade star lunch in a long tracing shot (and they all sit shoulder to shoulder, look at the camera!) What Polly Moran includes (which also plays sensationally funny with Davies girl), Louella Parsons (one of those friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, the comedy duo of Karl Dane (with his arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (as if stealing the silverware), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's antics), Renee Adams, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a cloak) Gilbert (also riding the MGM gates early in the picture), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge and Patricia dressed like Marie Antoinette , dressed between Douglas Fairbanks (as he does an amusing trick) and William S. Hart (who protects her from Doug). Billy walks into the High Art crew when the comedy group disrupts their filming, with predictable dismal results. Vidor even works in the final scene as the director of Peggy's current production. Also worth noting is Harry Gribbon as the comedy director who does a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy, as the dramatic director that Peggy can't find screaming for her screen test and then can't stop her as she Don't do that, and Paul Ralli like Andre, her dramatic love interest and hilarious folly. When her character tries to do it as if Davies is making fun of all the horrible drama she was forced to do, she's brilliant to do it. <br /> <br /> Whilst this is true, People show a hokey satire of the "good old days" is ten years a highly entertaining example of quality work by MGM, Irving Thalberg, and their tremendous wealth of compound talent. What a shame so much is lost. There are also far too many examples of great films such as The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies's highly successful comedy of the same year, which weakened in safes when seen and enjoyed.
