I had the opportunity to see this film twice at the 2006 Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed it so much that I watched it a second time when they had an encore screening. <br /> <br /> When I think of the films shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be edgy and offbeat, often with the feeling of an extended student project. Of course, there is nothing wrong with these types of projects, and I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more general approach to independent filmmaking. By "mainstream" I mean more like a movie produced for national release. In other words, a movie you will see in a regular movie. <br /> <br /> Writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting In this movie everyone is completely pro. There is nothing typical of this movie. As an aspiring director, I am always looking for movies that will motivate me to stop and push to get my career. This is one of those movies. Looking at The Big Bad Swim, my motivational level was incredible. I felt my adrenaline kicked in. The reason I felt so was because I was so impressed with every aspect of this production. I made the theater excited and ready to start writing the long shit project. When a movie makes me feel that way, I know it's really good. This is the first feature of the length of Ishai Setton and I found myself to be my project. For me it is very rare. <br /> <br /> See this movie. It is beautifully shot and directed, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster delivers a very credible and fun show. She has a quality of her, a charisma, that really pulls you and keeps you focused at any time she is on the screen. She makes you feel that you know her personally as a friend. It's a gift. I think the industry is really lacking by no longer using its acting capabilities. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also did top-notch work. I can't say enough nice things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from everyone involved in the production.
