Over the past few months I have collected Voyager seasons 4 to 7 on DVD (I only had 1 to 3 on the video, because Kes is my favorite character) and just reached the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in the UK but forgot most of it. Am I happy with the end? I think I'm. Of course, if I was a fan, I'd love to see more about what happened to the characters when they got home, but that left us with our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to Next Gen's "All Good Things?" The involvement of the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. A new romance that begins in the finals (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), resulting in death in the future. I really loved "Endgame," honestly for all characters, Neelix appeared although he left the ship two episodes earlier. B'elanna gives her daughter with the loving man Tom. Tuvok is sick, but to return means he can be cured. Harry has always been the most anxious and determined, but admits the journey is important. The doctor, in the future, is much respected and eventually chooses the name Joe! But of course, the Captain has the greatest role to meet her future self, who earlier wanted to get the crew to prevent casualties. The Sponsor is involved, as they played a massive part in this period of Voyager. Alice Krige plays the Borg Queen again, only her voice and acting method is wonderful. I feel sorry for Susanna Thompson, but the TV sponsor queen replaces the movie Borg queen. Maybe she wasn't available. The special effects are fantastic, the sponsor subspace hub and the sponsor queen fall apart! It's very tense. Especially when they come out of the Borg subspace corridor and say they are right where they thought they would be after they said they had to go in a walk leading to the delta quadrant. And what a wonderful idea to get in a sponsor sphere for protection, on the DVD's special features, says they were like the Trojan horse. Voyager could have continued. If it was more popular, they would have held onto their original idea of ​​the crew to realize the ship was their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and child were there. And then they could come home in a movie! <br /> Overall, Voyager was a little hit and miss. The sixth season was one good one, followed by one less than good one. The two episodes in the Holographic Irish village are terrible! My perception of Seven of Nine was that she took over, it all turned around her, which wasn't true. When she first appeared, season 4 was too focused on her episodes, but it came out later. And her character is sometimes clever, 20 years as Borg drone, which has gradually rediscovered her humanity. I love her, especially in "someone to watch over me", "imperfection" and "human error". When Naomi Wildman was initially scared to her, but then her friend often came to her, it was nice. Chakotay has become my least favorite character. Was the chemistry with Janeway (will they / will they not?) And you will never think he was the first officer, he was pushed out most of the time. I loved that Tom and B'elanna's relationship was booming. I always liked a lot of Neelix. Tuvok was sometimes good, especially when he lost his logic, got emotion and was friends with Neelix. Harry was sometimes worse, but an old character at other times. The doctor is probably my favorite, to see how far he comes and comedy situations he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain of any series and you can say Kate Mulgrew really enjoys it. <br /> <br /> I wish there was more, I love Voyager!
