So, every year there is at least one movie that doesn't have the chance to succeed, because from the moment of production, even before one simple shot is filmed, everyone is selected on this movie ... There is a long list of this kind of movies, and finally, some are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their mistakes, but it's quite nice (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there is a couple , which is really good for what they are, but no one recognizes! I mean, my gosh, just because the wide crowd has to have a victim each year to choose, not everyone has to join them. So yes, maybe those movies aren't perfect, but do you know how many movies are? Not every movie is supposed to be a new The Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these movies, but I'm sure there's more than admitting they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just hysterically funny, Color of Night (1994), who may not be Oscar-worthy, but certainly not a stupid one, with a few twists and turns, Swept Away (2002) what I thought was a good combination of sick humor and beautiful romance, Gigli (2003). It was a great amusement with some memorable lines and not quite out of the former Bennifer couple. This year it is 'Basic Instinct 2'! Well, when I heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies, I was very skeptical. Although I really like Sharon Stone, I remained skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very pleasantly surprised! I can't understand why it gets so bad and such a bad voice here. It never copies the original, it has a very clever story, excitement, action, humor and the absolutely stunning Sharon Stone that reflects the role of her life! At the age of 47 when she shoots the movie, she looks hotter than many stars in the 20's, but it's more like she's beautiful. It's done brilliantly, with all her looks, her familiar smile, the way she speaks and moves. The first frame she can put in you cannot take your eyes off her. It's just a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also deliver solid achievements! So I really can't see what's wrong with this movie. It has a dark, exciting, sexy and coarse look, strong performances, and you never felt bored! Perhaps the story is not an Oscar caliber, but it never tries to be! This is an entertainment film, and according to this standard, it gives me my opinion! So try it!
