Finally, after years of a new movie to continue the sexual chaos of "Basic Instinct", we got a great successor needed with the right elements for a franchise like this! I remember everything about the original, the steam, the romance, the gender, the interrogation, the music (by Master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything from violence and murder to intense confrontations of all kinds! Make no mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a true winner for audiences everywhere. I remember in 2001 when we first gave the news about such a prosecution. Five years later we got it. I would never have thought of ending that way. When it was declared a declined project, the time could not say if it was ever a real possibility to start with. Well, I think we know now anything is possible in this case. Although the original director or writer is not present, all we need is the glamorous, always reliable Sharon Stone, and we have a great deal! Please, hear me out ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this movie is bad, I think it's just because the style is extreme and slightly dated. I use the word "dated" just because we haven't seen a certain movie of this kind in many years, and audiences have adapted to the sensible, boring storytelling seen in other movies that actually earn money and the only reason why they make it. large numbers are because those movies are family-friendly. Who needs holes and cleans? Of course it's a nice thing to have, but c'mon! Escapism is seldom these days, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives our true fans what we expected. This movie is not an Oscar winner, nor does it. It simply delivers the what-hard fans they expected. It's a movie for fun. Movies today seem too serious, but this movie is just loose and fun, not serious, not too serious. It says, I'll review the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is a quick first-second film as we see Cathernine Tremell in a car, speeding up to 110 MPH and enjoying fun. . Maybe sex and driving don't mix, because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... well, she gets away unpleasantly, but her step-mate doesn't get too good. Tremell is once again the primary suspect of the accident, and will be placed under analyst and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically drawn to her from the first moment he meets her. Like another criminal investigator in front of him, he was enchanted and seduced, slowly and surely. His denial of it all begins to crumble as she weighs only a game, but she has the power to do so. Tramell may be more dangerous now than she used to be, but like the first one, we will never really know, will we? As soon as the temptation is in action, jealousy, anger, drugs and a plate of erotic scenery are coming! <br /> <br /> This movie does not regain the first one, but rather calls the previous movie incidents from time to time. That's a good thing. It lets us know as an audience that the writing was written to bring the level to a notch or two. Sharon Stone decorates us again, as if 14 years did not come. Her second run by the fraudulent novelist is right on the spot as before. Just fantastic! David Morrissey is well-thrown and runs pretty well. The fact that a non-popular star was chosen makes his performance more enjoyable because we, as an audience, have no background on him, just what we see him doing. My last thought is 8.5 to 9 out of 10. So it's not the first one, nor can it be the first prize winner. However, it can meet the standards set by the first movie and it does people! Do this.
