Wisecracker, the biography of actor William Haines, offers a surprising anecdote about the former star when he was 70 years old and has long since retired to make films. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to attend a Los Angeles Museum Exam of SHOW PEOPLE, the late silent feature he collaborated with Marion Davies. . Previously, Haines was concerned that this comedy would provoke the wrong kind of laugh, but he was pleasantly surprised (and certainly relieved) how well it stopped and how much the young audience enjoyed it. Watch the movie today and you can see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a beautiful Hollywood satire that retains its charm as it relieves its targets with white and flair, but without evil. It is still funny and its satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, the technology of filmmaking has changed considerably since the silent days, but the pretensions and folly of the filmmakers themselves have not changed so much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE are also the best surviving work of Marion Davies, a first-class comic artist who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedians. In her career, Davies was both blessed and cursed by the protection of her paramour, the newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst has had a great influence on Davies' choice of roles, and it is also known that, despite her comedy gift, he prefers to see her heroic heroines in costume drama. By the end of the 20's, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to propel her stuff into various lavish light comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, led by the great King Vidor. as her most beautiful showcase. William Haines gives an engaging, enjoyable performance as her boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but that is the top lady's show altogether. <br /> <br /> Marion plays southern belly Peggy Pepper, an aspiring actress who accompanies Hollywood devastated by her father, determined to become a movie star. (Her father Colonel Pepper is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's Biograph dramas? Accidentally? Hearst!) One of Marion's funniest pieces, often exhausted elsewhere, is her audition at the Comet Studio - Deciding office. While Dad is helping to express emotions ('Sorrow!' Joy! ') And a handkerchief falls over her face, Peggy accepts the appropriate expression and posture. She was hired to discover that Comet made low-brown comedies, the kind of comedies where people were spraying each other with seltzer and careless cops jumping over each other running after the rescue. Of course, Comet is meant to be the start of Mack Sennett's Keystone, but the true nature of the satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. As Peggy Pepper goes up in the movie star hierarchy, she leaves Comet for the more prestigious High Art Studio, named "Patricia Peppoire" which suits her new station in life as a serious actress. At some point it may happen to us (as it certainly did to viewers in 1928) that Davies's rival, Gloria Swanson, started comedies in Keystone before rising into the dramatic dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And like me. Peppoire takes her more and more seriously, giving high-ranking treatment to former colleagues, such as low-comic Billy Boone, Davies' performance an element of wicked parody, which is apparently aimed at Swanson himself. This is especially noticeable during an interview series, when Mrs Peppoire's spokeswoman spits pretentious nonsense while the star is delivering a Swanson stainless performance. I think it was meant as a friendly spoof, but I have to wonder how friendly relations between Gloria and Marion were after this movie was released. <br /> <br /> Anyway, SHOW PEOPLE is a nice surprise for buffs, who will enjoy the parade of star comos throughout. Charlie Chaplin wears a nice bit, sans make-up and looks completely different, eagerly looking for Patricia Peppoire's signature! (And in a show of good sportsmanship, Marion Davies puts herself in a confidence, the night to pick up the fun in Swanson.) It is a quiet movie that will not appreciate viewers who are not specifically aimed at silence. least those viewers with a taste for movies about the film industry. SHOW PEOPLE surely belongs in the company of such classical artists as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, under Hollywood's most knowledgeable crafted, enjoyable exercises in amused self-examination.
