As a child I always hated being forced to sit down by music. I never understood why people would break into such a song, and I was too young to appreciate the artwork (choreography, design, costumes, pacing) behind it all. Carol Reed's "Oliver!" was the one musician I remember strangely enjoying as a child, probably because it is one of the darker and fit in the spirit of Dickensian squalor. It is a musical about the ghetto life in Victorian London, and while the scenery and set designs are strong, dark and true, it is bizarre because people in such ridiculous songs break out of the accident. After a recent show, my first since my childhood, I have some new thoughts and insights about why this musical "work" in that bizarre kind of song and why most just don't do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musical work or really says something, it's because they realize their own inherent strangeness. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark", as tragic and operative, and more than it was, worked as a musical because the musical numbers were the imagination of the protagonist, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Likewise, the very cynical and enjoyable "Chicago" worked on a similar level, because the music numbers were the products of a killer / killer. Musicals don't work if they take their own musical nature too seriously (like in Moulin Rouge) or there's just too much fluff about nothing (ie something useless like Mary Poppins). When reading "Oliver!" For the first time as an adult, I saw it in a new light. From the perspective of young Oliver, I saw the musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of meeting the ghetto life around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy signed into the tavern and danced over the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of evil Bill Sykes). It was undoubtedly catchy and sounded like a real crown voice that could sound drunkards about a piano. There are also other great and classic songs to be heard here, and the direction and acting of the lead to the dance extras are all in addition. <br /> <br /> Yet, for all its darkness (although it is fortunate to end at least for Oliver, but certainly things have not been happy for Nancy, and unless you think a street life is a pecking bag, it is not necessarily a good ending for Fagin or the Dodger, despite their fiery closing stamp). I wouldn't really classify it as a family movie, although I don't see it, children over seven or eight will suffer any harm. It's a hard story about an unfortunate being trying to survive on the street and find some luck. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on how, perhaps a revisionist, about it, where people on the streets of Compton break into happy songs about their terrible lives. I'd like a hard-edged hip-hop version of "Oliver!" See. I always thought Dickens would translate well in that respect. As it stands, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the big movie musicals and perhaps the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
