The big films were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year game can rightly be called the "Golden Age" of the genre. There was musical for it, and since then there have been musical ... but the real classical artists always seem to have been made during that time. Singin 'In The Rain, An American In Paris, The Bandwagon, Seven Brides For Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King And I, and many more, have long been so much cherished products of old age. Perhaps the last great musical of the "Golden Era" is Carol Reed's 1968 "Oliver". Freely adapted from Dickens' novel, this vibrant musical is a film version of a successful stage production. It's a great movie, the winner of six Oscars, including the best photo award. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a miserable existence in a workplace, his mother died moments after giving birth to him. After an incident is a meal, he is ejected from the home and ends at a funeral room. But Oliver is not doing very well in his new job and escapes after some tough days. He made the long journey to London where he hoped to find his fortune. Oliver gets under the wing of a children's pack called the Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), which in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an elderly scoundrel in charge of a gang of pigeons. Despite the illegal nature of the work, Oliver finds good friends under his new "family". He also learns about Nancy (Shani Wales), friend of the most cruel and dreaded thief of all of them, the imminent Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true descent and finds himself to be a rich and good background. But his chances of reuniting with his real family are facing when Bill Sikes Oliver exploits violently. He makes him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliant composite film that is consistently enjoyable. to the eye and performed excellently through his talented role. Moody recreates his stage role with considerable fervor, the film of the youth with his energetic performance as Fagin steal. Lester and Wild also do well as young squatters, while Wales enthusiastically separates the Nancy roll and Reed generates real despair as Sikes. The musical numbers are presented with incredible accuracy and sense of spectacle. Onna White's Oscar-winning choreography helps make the song and dance pieces so memorable, but the vibrant artists and the skillful direction of Carol Reed also play their part. The unforgettable songs include "food glorious food", "consider yourself", "you have to choose a bag or two", "I want to do something" and "oom-pah-pah" via very well-composed rows. The film is a thoroughly entertaining experience and doesn't really lose momentum over its entire 153 minutes. Sit back and enjoy!
