Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was entertaining, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment with a small enough budget not to be exceeded by special effects. And, of course, strive for the "From Dusk Till Dawn" audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos" try the same with a rock star Jon Bon Jovi who plays one of the main characters, but it does almost too well ...: I didn't see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie, so I can not compare his play with "Vampires: Los Muertos" with his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the movie started, he convinced me not to expect him to grab a guitar and "play it" my life "or something, but to kill vampires, give no mercy and" to do a job that needs to be done. That means a lot, because part of the audience (I too) probably thought: "... just because he's a rockstar ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: It could have been much worse, and I think Bon Jovi did a very good performance. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not the vampire leader of a vampire leader we met in Part 1 (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the vampire very seductively and very sexy, moving as light as a cat, as fast as a snake attack and in thin, light almost transparent, very erotic cloth. And even the optical effects that support its kind of motion are made very good. It really takes a beat. But the director is in some parts of the movie just to prevent the film from being changed from an action-horror movie to a sensitive horror movie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the directors' temptation to create a movie with a very personal note and different from the original. This is the real strength of the movie and at the same time the worst point: The audience who celebrates the fun bloodbath of the first movie is likely to expect a pure fun bloodbath for the second time and may be a little disappointed. Make no mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" IS a fun carnage, but it's NOT ALL TIME this kind of movie. Just think of the massacre in the bar compared to the scene in which the vampire Zoey tries to seduce in the ruins: the bar-bloodbath you expect from American popcorn entertainment, the seductive Zoey-in-the-ruins scene is ONLY European-like cinema (the movie is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire, but at the same time refuses the answers. Because it would have slowed the action? Did the audience have a vampire with a human past, ' a now suffering being and not just an animal that just kills anyone). And that's the point for me that decides whether or not the movie is accepted by the original movie. And also: Is the "From Dusk Till Dawn" really so? I'm not sure about that. Yet Tommy Lee Wallace did a lot of work, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think of giving a follow-up of a popcorn film. Wallace is sometimes too creative, too expressive. Just as he preserves him to develop his talent to satisfy the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, the talent of Wallace fills the movie with life and sometimes it gets out at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well done. (I give it 7 out of 10)
