In Frank Sinatra's first three films, he was purely a specialty: apparently he only plays a song during a nightclub sequence in someone else's movie. In his fourth film, the very enjoyable "Higher and Higher", Young Blue Eyes in a playground, plays a real role. A task is made easier because he plays himself in a fictional story that gives him the opportunity to get some numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entrance is quite funny. Michele Morgan heard a knock at the door and asked who was there. Outside, a Hoboken-tinted voice speaks 'Frank Sinatra'. Sure enough ... <br /> <br /> The opening points of "Higher and Higher" can confuse some viewers as the names of songwriters Rodgers and Hart are prominently displayed. In fact, they only contributed one song to this musical: 'Disgustingly Rich', which can play this role as a kind of intro for a completely different song, 'I'm a debutante'. Interestingly, Rodgers & Hart song - one of their worst - may be the least pleasant song in the movie's score; Several others are lively up-tempo numbers, especially "It's an Important Affair", "When it's Love, You Are Alone" and "I See You First". Sinatra's good in this movie, but he'll do better work (and better material) elsewhere. The real merit of 'Higher and Higher' is the beautiful turn of some artists who rarely made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were a very popular man-woman dance team who were featured in several Broadway revues: truly graceful ballroom dancers, they placed a lot of physical comedy in their dance material. Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, had almost no film work. So it is a pleasure that this film gives us a rare chance to see. her close-up, to hear her beautiful singing voice and to see how sexy she looks in her girl's uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as a character actor, just occasionally dancing solo. (Or beside Ken Berry in an unforgettable episode of 'Mayberry FSB'.) <br /> <br /> Also very attractive in a girl's uniform here in Higher and Higher is the lively teenage singer Marcy McGuire. Why didn't this talented girl make movies? Perhaps she was just a bit too similar in personality to Betty Hutton. I enjoy Hutton's performances, but I love Marcy McGuire even more. Near the end of 'Higher and Higher' there is a fascinating little physical business with McGuire and Mary Wickes as waitresses. It takes the turn to move from table to table in a nightclub. The varied progress of short McGuire and long gawky Wickes is hilarious! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays a major role in 'Higher and Higher', he hardly gets any comedy business: he doesn't even do his famous rubber legs. Jack Haley, despite his prominent bill, is also wasted. <br /> <br /> Very well represented is Dooley Wilson, inevitably remembering as Sam of 'Casablanca'. In that movie, Wilson did his own song, but packed his keyboard performance of 'As Time Goes By'. (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano.) Here in 'Higher and Higher' he sings pleasantly and gives amusing reactions to the other players. Less sweet is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare movie performance here, handles his dialogue handy, but never does one of the keyboard comedy that he later successfully shows in his stage. <br /> <br /> The plot? Forget about it. "Higher and Higher" is no one's idea of ​​a "big" music, but it is a pleasant pleasure and I will rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked in both Britain and Hollywood, deserves much better knowledge.
