I imagine Victorian literature slowly sinking into the ant of the increasingly distant past, pulled off by the weight of its underpants. Along the television, it is at best a redeeming power, and with dramatization such as the BBC's fine-tuning, Victorian literature is making a new leap into life. The religious themes, the moral overtones, can become increasingly ill in a world, no longer easily shocked, and have become acquainted with society, affairs and domestic violence. But the old, familiar stories have sustained power, and this is a hidden gem. <br /> <br /> Today, it is difficult to see just how strong, feminist and extraordinary Ann Bronte's masterpiece "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall" was. Emerging from the over-slime of limiting corsets? physical, spiritual, societies ?? her heroine, Helen Huntingdon, escapes a miserable marriage, flees brutality and alcoholism, not only encourages her abused man's anger, but society's crushed intolerance and malicious gossip to cause change in her life. She pays a price; but retain her self-respect; she falls in love with the road; she is inflated, but overcoming and strong. I like to watch women like this on the screen. <br /> <br /> The actors are wonderful ?? the best brits have to offer. The love story is beautifully handled, with true passion and feelings by well-acted actors. Tara Fitzgerald occupies every aspect of the intricate heroine, and as other judges have said, no less vividly defined and beautiful, a face can survive the astonishing hairstyle. Toby Stephens, her striking sparks, only contributes to the right combination of heady, attractive youth and passionate, longing vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors ever) enjoys himself as the charismatic villain (so much so that you're almost near him. Nobody is perfect). The supporting role-play creates a world in which you sink without feeling that rough compromises have been made to modern tastes and without preaching. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: this is how romantic literature should be dramatized.
