"Creep" is a new horror movie that will undoubtedly please many genre fans simply because it is so close and unscrupulous! It has very real shock moments, a lot of repulsive gore ranges and a rare claustrophobic strain. What it doesn't have is logic and a solid plot, but telling the truth didn't bother me for one second. While the final credits are starting to roll, there are still many unanswered questions to consider, but director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) preferred to fully focus on tension and adrenaline speed action instead of long, sophisticated speeches and theories that can explain the existence of the "creep" in the London subway. The story revolves around young and proud Kate, who leaves her own party to meet the famous actor George Clooney, who is in town, to present her new movie. She sleeps in the subway, misses the last train and finds her trapped in the underground subway network. Things are really scary when she meets an insane mad who lives in the old tunnels and kills / abducts people to experiment. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewage workers cannot rescue her from this ravenous monster! I really dug the creep character! He is deceptive, abominable and primitive but in a strange way fascinating. Christopher Smith only lets us clues and tips, and it's just for the viewer to guess the origin and background of this dirty animal. I think it's not very original, and I'm sure many people won't appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better than going over the top, "Jeepers Creepers" style. That particular movie also started well, but once the Creeper's identity was clear, it became a very mediocre horror attempt. The obvious aspect-to-love is the outrageous gore! There are some serious victims going on in this movie and the make-up as well as the sound effects are very convincing. The ominous environment of the deserted London subway during the night is effectively used. There are also some actors in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returning to graphic horror almost five years after the cool German film Anatomy. Crawling is great entertainment when you're in an unbeatable mood and Christopher Smith is definitely a director I will love. Make sure you don't have to watch the subway just after this movie ...
