Emory is a Cincinatti steel worker like his father in front of him and for most of the 20th century the twin pillars of his family's existence were the steel factory and union. The mill, which employed one-time 45,000, showed its figures up to 5,000 recently and now 1, as the plant just closed its doors and left a single security guard. First, unemployed Emory and his pals enjoy their independence, hanging around in the village and carousing at their favorite bar, laying down "depths" with reckless abandonment. They think the mill will reopen after listening to their union's optimistic game, but the reality begins to sink when they sell their personal vehicles in a struggle to put food on the table and scare their homes. Emory's father - a dedicated union man - is sure that the plant will reopen its own 35 years at the mill and reminded his son of the brief closure. Meanwhile, some of the unemployed take male jobs or jump into their trucks and take them off in a desperate search for jobs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union recognizes its helplessness, as Emory explains to his stubborn father who has changed times and that the mill will never open again. Emory asked tearfully: "What did I do wrong?" As a lifetime of hard work and dedication to work, trade union, church and family, he left nothing and nothing to turn around. He hit a rocky ground when he hit his young boys in a drunken rage and beat his wife on the floor. Ejected from his own home and testified from the plant manager's comments that he and his men didn't work hard enough to justify their substantial wage bills, Emory recruits the steel workers still in town to do something that will demonstrate everything what they are capable of. Early in the morning they break into the mill, raise the furnaces and work harder than they ever have in their lives. In one shift, high-quality steel pipes produce the wall-to-wall drawers from top to bottom. The plant manager thought it was impossible. <br /> <br /> Come to the suddenly reopened plant, look at the sturdy driver around him at the tremendous output that came from a single day's work, and realize that such a production can make the plant profitable again . The manager asked Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to call no and ask the driver, "What did you try to prove?" Emory explains that the workers' decades of hard work, honesty and dedication to their work had meaning and that by showing how much they could produce in one day: "We just spit in your eye." Emory says goodbye to his wife and children when he goes off with his friends for work in the south, and promises to move the family when he gets it. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the plight of US foreign-displaced workers, and gives a realistic picture of the costs they incur for the short-sightedness of dedicated trade unions and greedy plant owners which issued every cent they could from their factories but never returned by modernizing them. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his colleague brother, Pamela Reed as Emory's sympathetic wife and John Doucette as his dying father, all turn out to be excellent in this fine picture.
