Oh, McBain ?? The character name is immortalized and forever ridiculous by "The Simpsons", but it will always be ?? for me personally, at least ?? remains the name and title of an incredibly entertaining and excessive violent early 90's action movie; directed by the cool man we brought the "Exterminator" and two of the worst Babel heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a cute little macho ponytail). I think "McBain" should be marked largely as a guilty pleasure, as there is no way to convince anyone that it is an intellectual film. The movie is incredibly annoying (most action heroes take on a small gang? McBain takes in a whole country) and takes himself too seriously. The writing is a non-stop and incoherent spitfire of clichéd situations, indifferent twists, compulsory sentimental interactions, grotesque acting and absolutely indescribable character traits. It's a completely delirious movie; I loved it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam's POW McBain's life is saved by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. They each hold half a dollar bill as a symbol that McBain is in Santos debt. Eighteen years later, Santos is an excited rebel leading the revolution against the corrupt president of his homeland, Columbia. Santos's initial attempt to take over failed, and he is publicly run on El Presidente's balcony. His sister travels with the dollar letter to New York and turns to McBain for financial aid and manpower. McBain and his former Vietnamese friends, all of whom are struggling through the iniquity of this world, are getting themselves a miserable little plane and flying to Columbia to make a huge canyon. <br /> <br /> Well, let's not mislead each other here. The fact that you read a user comment on 'McBain' already indicates that you have some interest in the low budget B movie action. One of my co-judges spent some time listing all the major follies and invisible moments of "McBain". This list is completely accurate and I can only agree. Heck, I can add even more senseless sequences to the list (such as the forerunner and unnecessary hero of a soldier who doesn't even have an affinity for the mission's purpose and the rest of McBain's team), but what is the point? You certainly do not know to expect a 100% coherent and acceptable masterpiece. We know beforehand that it will be a stupid and exaggerated flamboyant movie, and that might even be the exact reason why we want it! It's a frightening and exciting movie about a bunch of former Vietnamese friends who turned into mercenaries and declared war against the corrupt Colombian president and the national drug cartel. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular movie relies on the ruff to lead a tuff acting performance of the macho, a lot of explosions and gun and ?? last but not least ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings "Brothers in Arms".
