First, an explanation: Despite my head, I give this movie only 8 stars because overall it is not one of the best movies ever made. All the criticisms that are registered here have valid points. Also be warned that you should enjoy the writing to really appreciate Neil Simon's brilliance with finding the white within the right person. He has a clear New York dialogue for dialogue - especially dry, Jewish, loving sarcasm - and if you struggle to accept sarcasm as an expression of love, you can struggle to accept optimism at the heart of this movie. . <br /> <br /> So much for alerts. Here's my main point: Walter Matthau is perfect, even perfect, in this movie. I have never seen him more funny or touched - at the same time showing the hilariousness of this character who refuses to give his Big Star self-esteem or unbearable attitudes, even though his coherence is in decline, he also shows us the more vulnerable, perhaps even heartbreaking person in the shit. And he just barely shows us that sad part - it's just enough to really come to you if you handle your own father or husband's mental decline now (I call it a warning), but artistically it's just enough patos To give this character the most authentic deep roots, I am seen in possible movie performance. This is beyond Method acting. Matthau's performance is beautiful as a character work and a pure pleasure as comic delivery. This is a masterpiece of the comic play. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: I find his acting in general personal and his work in this movie is no exception - though he has fine moments here. ("Chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) If you like him, you should keep him here, and if you don't change this movie, you won't change it. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unhappy to be Nicholson in "Cuckoo's Nest". It was a murderer year for the leading actor competition; If there were only separate Oscars for comedy and drama, I think the Oscar best actors would have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not to Jack's good work as McMurphy not to be. but I think Pacino and Matthau were every little more masterful and surprisingly effective and straight legendary in their performances as Nicholson was that year. I also believe that Burns has the supporting actor Oscar more sentimental reasons than the quality of his performance. I mean, he was good at this movie, but not so good. (Burns's fine-but-ever-unpredictable-in-the-self return to show Biz, Brad Dourif's truly brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest" chose Chris Sarandon's wonderful debut in Dog Day Afternoon, which I think , prove my theory.) <br /> <br /> Aside from Oscar theories, here's my bottom line review: If you like Matthau's comic play, watch this movie and enjoy his powerhouse tirades and wonderful grandma-inspired gestures , rapid facial expressions and seemingly indescribable types. (But if you are currently experiencing the pain of watching an old man lose his grip, you should be warned that this movie might be the comic relief you need or a dose of reality to look at now.)
