This movie was poorly received and reviewed. Rebecca West's book was written shortly after WWI in 1918, when shock shock and trauma-induced memory loss were not clichés. The judges call it many books and movies later. It is difficult to return in time and as the characters lived, the realities of the time lived: the war and the horror of the experience of the first war to use lethal gas, the British class system that the woman thought , the hopeless spider and lover of the past who is still seen with love's love, is as young and as beautiful as she was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as the amnesiac soldier "will die" if he doesn't see Margaret, the girl of his youthful dreams, building on the dedication that shows his character in "far from the Madding Crowd" do not have. After seeing the show, it is possible to feel his strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not meet the family and society's expectations. Margaret says, "We have contended, and when you rolled away, you turned your face away from me." So we know that the breach was something he urged, that it made him shame, but that he forgot the shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in the one I saw, he gives a strong masculinity, shining through even this role as the disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I didn't even admit Ann-Margaret at first and feel her performance underestimated. If I didn't read the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of a borderline between Jenny and Chris, although Jenny stated she was a cousin. The way Kitty Jenny is in the nursery in the hairstyling scene is that Kitty says she always dries her hair in the room, as if Kitty is warming the witchcraft as the orientation of the room to the sun. or felt about a lost child and the statement she made that she wanted Chris not to keep the room exactly as it was when the child was alive, faced her. Also, Jenny is shown to live in a subordinate role in the home, as the high society would have done to a fallen member at the time. <br /> <br /> Recently the recipient of the intense fantasy of a lover (non-sexual with the mores of the time) from 50 years ago, I could relate to Margaret and her husband's dilemma. I was also set aside because I was not good enough for his family and when I rediscovered me via the internet, I was helping him to deal with his many terrible Vietnam experiences and a marriage to a wife above his class he did not believe he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very understandable, but the tension was very real. The lover was eventually able to reconcile his real situation with his fantasy of just loving me. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little about the revival of the war experience that has happened. in Chris's mind. I thought of Mrs. Dalloway with the WWI soldier who invented many violent memories and commits suicide to Chris's joy in his Margaret fantasy. In contrast, the action of the soldier in "Mrs. Dalloway" seems overwhelmed. <br /> <br /> It shows that the psychiatrist understands very little about what happened to Chris, underlining what a big problem faced the whole group. Everyone seems to get their life back, but was it the right choice?
