just saw this beautiful 1982 movie return from the soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel. It's about a shocked captain who doesn't even tell his wife. He returned to British soil but remained in a London hospital. He lost his memory and is again a boy, with an urgent desire for the lower class darling he had pursued 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. He is asleep in his boy while the reader discovers his wife is an unbearable, aspiring socialist who wants him to resume his place in society. To live with them is his cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry, the soldier, when they grew up as a playmate, but settled in the spinster. The lower classmate, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. It is she who is informed that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife Kitty is shocked when Mrs. Gray tells her that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why did she ask her, was this other woman a telegraph about Chris rather than her? Chris totally forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. The now married Margaret is reluctant to meet him, but does and continues to meet him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret will disappear if he cures him. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is to Chris and forms a secret loving alliance by Margaret. They are both in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Late in the film, Kitty is revealed that Chris and she had a son who died five years ago. To tell Chris, the Shrink weighs, will definitely restore him to 'normal'. But is this a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty were ever married, is unaware of his child and the child's death. The psychiatrist, who only learns from the child, believes that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris for themselves because Kitty believes he falls and refuses to accept Chris's illness to return to his youth in his forties. The movie mostly leaves her considering what to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the child's perfect interview room - with Kitty also in the novel but not in the script - discuss What they believe should be done about Chris from their separate perspectives. Margaret is the critical one here because, although she is married, she is in love with Chris halfway. Jenny's social stature, Jenny believes, will be threatened if Chris fails to do so. However, she does not reveal it to Margaret. Margaret decides that Chris cannot keep his fantasy over time, but must return to something like a real life. As Kitty and Jenny looked out of the window of the house, Margaret came out and told him of his lost son. The rising war victim's head sinks, his shoulders sink, he looks away. He walked desperately to the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I read some criticism of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. The movie is never quite clear who Jenny is, his cousin or his sister. It would be more exciting if she were, of course, his sister. The criticism doesn't make it clear either. I'm sure West in her novel, make sure Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller or Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father and an adult to get along with him to molest her as a child). I considered reading, but then decided against. Rebecca the writer also needs Chris to recover. She also, in her head for the Society, embraced her novel excoriates first and finally.
