"The store around the corner (1940)" is a pleasant romantic comedy, not the kind I will stick to until the end of my days, yet a movie that deserves its reputation. By 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch took over Hollywood a long time ago and his famous Lubitsch touch became a sparkling brand. This film was planned for a 1939 release, but scheduling conflict meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing one of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, meanwhile director Greta Garbo in 'Ninotchka (1939).' When it was finalized, The Shop Around the Corner appeared to have relative indifference, which received non-Oscar nominations despite an excellent script by Samson Raphaelson and fine performances by his two leaders and Frank Morgan. a supporting role. Yet, the devastation of the film has betrayed the massive and lasting influence, with high-profile remake, including "In the Good Summer (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998)." <br /> <br /> On the surface one can accept 'The Shop Around the Corner'. It's simply the story of two loved ones, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart). They love each other without knowing it. Lubitsch's film, however, goes much deeper than that. This is the story of Matuschek and Company, an attractive gift shop in Budapest, and the various human relationships that make the store such a closed family. When the shop owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) starts to suspect his eldest employee has a relationship with his wife, we see the breakdown of two families at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why the story should not be set in the United States? Maybe in the streets of New York? but Lubitsch deliberately recreated the passions and memories of his former years in Europe, bringing the peculiarity of love and life to war and bloodshed before the war. This subtle subtext brings a more meaningful, personal touch to the movie? In fact, even if I write this review, I start to appreciate the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both fun in their respective roles, but I think it's the supporting role that really makes the movie. Each character brings a distinctive personality to the mix, and their interactions are always credible and enjoyable. I especially liked how Lubitsch consciously directed much of our sympathy to Hugo Matuschek, which in any other film would be limited to an underdeveloped two-dimensional depiction. Matuschek may have lost the love of his family, but he takes it back into the hearts of his employees and you feel a heart-warming glow when he finds a company in a cheerful, son-in-law cold breeze. (Charles Smith). This true warmth towards a supportive character seems to me similar to several of Billy Wilder's later creations, for example Boom Boom Jackson in 'The Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Carlo Carlucci in 'Avanti! (1972). "Of course, this doesn't really have to be said, but Billy Wilder learned the best.
