The corner shop is one of the tastiest and most gorgeous romantic comedies ever made. There is just nothing to come up with, and it is hard to give the feeling for this movie. It's not one of the movies that are trying too hard, nor does it come up with the strangest scenarios to finally get the two protagonists together. In fact, all its charms are innate, contained in the characters and the environment and the plot ... which is highly credible to begin with. It's easy to think that such a love story, as beautiful as anyone else has ever said, can * happen to you ... a feeling that you don't often come from other romantic comedies, no matter how sweet and happy they are. may be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the most listeners of the first meetings when she comes to the store (Matuschek & Co.) he previously worked for. Nine years, ask for a job. They clash from the beginning, mostly about a cigarette cabinet that plays music when it is opened - he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; she makes one big sale and is hired. Their brushing takes them over the next six months, even when they (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other when they share their souls and thoughts in letters passed by PO Box 237. It would be a pretty thin plot line to base a whole movie on, except that the shop around the horizon is surprisingly supported with a brilliant supporting role consisting of utterly captivating characters, of the paternal but lonely Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) himself learning that his shop really is his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's sidekick and friend who always shines out of the room when confronted with the possibility of being asked for his honest opinion; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) who eventually gets his coming from a glorious righteous Kralik; and ambitious service Pepi Katona (William Tracy) who wants nothing more than to promote to the post of clerk for Matuschek & Co. The unpretentious love story between "Dear Friends" is played in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary, which helps Kralik's insecure dismissal and subsequent promotion to the store manager to keep the two love birds together. It's nice that everyone gets a story in this movie; The supporting characters are well-developed, and Matuschek's own journey in life is almost as touching as the one that Alfred and Clara share. His invitation to the new service, Rudy (Charles Smith) for the evening of Christmas, made in the swirling, beautiful snow of a Hungarian winter, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; We even turn to the characters whose love story is not the movie's business to tell. <br /> <br /> Apart from the love story, I have to say that James Stewart is really one of the best things about this movie. He does not play the full-fledged Jimmy Stewart persona in this movie (c / f 'Smith Smith's To Washington' for this); In fact, Alfred Kralik is stiff and sudden and not exceptional. He is actually a bustling man, with a small hint (up until perhaps the end) of the unashamed boy's charming charm. Stewart will soon be granted a patent. When he finds out in front of Clara that they are in secret, Kralik is not really a bit - he is waiting to see how far he can take the charade, especially since he quickly realizes (given his stormy relationship with Clara as master and among themselves that the love of the person he knows by the letters of exchange cannot be equal to the love of the person himself. His description to Clara of the fictional Matthias Popkin (what a name!) What would become her fiancee is hilarious in the extreme, but also his way of proving that the letters do not reveal everything there is to a man, just like his letters do not reveal everything there is. Stewart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face completely under control when Clara Mr. Kralik, as she is often accustomed to, insults insulting even (and especially) to his face. And yet one believes under the gentleness and professionalism that he can reveal his identity with so much seriousness and sincerity and pure hope as he eventually does. <br /> <br /> Special mention should also be made to the other members of the cast. Margaret Sullavan is doing less well in the first half of the film, but she is actually in her counterpart in the Christmas Eve closing shop, when she once again destroyed her heart by Alfred's most clear description of her inbox. Frank Morgan turns in a good performance, as the jealous Hugo Matuschek is driven by nervous breakdown, the man who has to rediscover his meaning in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife doesn't want to be "old with him". And Felix Bressart plays the role of the gentle but loyal Pirovitch wonderful (a Lubitsch regular, as he appears as a hilarious Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - especially the scene in which he helps his good friend. Alfred gets the Christmas gift the latter * really * wants ... a wallet instead of that ridiculous cigarette case Clara is so hung. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch prides himself on this film. For example, the very cute and meticulous care given to detail in the creation of the Matuschek store is worth repeating the Hungarian names. on the door, the real and the cash register and so on. But although Lubitsch chose to set the story in Hungary, the environment is actually universal: it can happen anywhere; This can happen to you. Therein lies the charm of this simple story, these credible characters that are truly * people. The snow on Christmas Eve is also really, or at least as much as Lubitsch could do (he brought snow machines at great cost). It's the desire to make everything look as real as possible, which makes the story even more credible, giving the whole movie a dreamy realism that can't be repeated. (No, not even in a remake as you got a post.) <br /> <br /> * This * is really the Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people miss when talking about it is a wonderful life. Not to hurt the merits of that other movie, but it won't be angry, and indeed done very well to watch THE BUYING THE PRINCIPAL this Christmas. It's sweet, funny and beautiful, and Stewart is immaculate in his role. We must all be so happy to portray the romance in this film; The best thing about this movie is that we get away from it that we can quite possibly.
