It's full of big spoilers, so beware. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" always suffers from the two films Louise Brooks made with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl," but in some respects, "Prix" is the distinctive Brooks movie. Here she has a chance to be charming without the dark side of her Pabst collaboration. What "Prix" means is that the Pabst movies are not music. In this early French film, the whole Louise Brooks mysticism is being worked out with a combination of image, song and music. The Charleston is most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress is stronger in tango. The tango also plays a plot point in 'Prix', the music she danced, with her short rise to the stars after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she left her fame in favor of an everyday existence as the wife of the jealous André, the longing for her leaves is evident when seen the same tango record on her apartment record player. As appropriate the tango is to Brooks, it is used to accompany the documentary on her life, "Looking for Lulu," a movie told by Shirley Maclaine. The fever and powerful quality of the tango illustrate Louise Brooks' strong-headed but elegant and erotic individuality. <br /> <br /> The song, "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi," adds a large amount of pathos that are not a good movie (but a very good one) . Incidentally, Brooks's voice was not mentioned for the movie by Edith Piaf, as some have said. Piaf was born in 1915 and was only discovered until 1935. The song, however, is what Brooks's character, Lucienne, at the beginning of the film sings to André to renovate him and express her deep love for him. And at the climax it's the song she sings for her screen test, which she sees with the producers and managers who are planning to form her career. It remains on screen for husband Andre, who followed her to the screening room, shooting and killing. In a single shot, with Lucinenne's dead body in the bottom of the screen, while her screen test remains above, with the song she once sang to André, the essence of which movies is not that other art forms is perfect. As Andre watched her singing dead woman on the screen, the murder weapon still smoking, he smiled subtly. She is now his eternal, and through association, ours. <br /> <br /> Incidentally, Louise Brooks's real career crashed and burned after "Prix de Beaute", so it was also the death of her final starring role. This film seals the Brooks mystique much more than the Pabst movies (which are the best movies, no doubt). It also shows the movies that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of the movies - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than when they lived.
