A story of obsessive love pushed to its limits and a beautiful swan whose beauty is the great ticket for her own premature demise. Posted at the start of talkies, PRIX DE BEAUTE runs a thin line to be a full movie - which is still at heart - and flirting with sounds and sound effects. The effect is a bit annoying to anyone coming into this movie because the recorded sound is extremely beaded and does not help it. Hearing sound stage conversation edited about the beginning sequence that takes place in a beach, for example, is part of the movie as the actress who robs Louise Brooks's dialogue and thereby robs the audience of a good performance. Unlike it, the film rolls more or less well, with few jumps in continuity here and there - something very common in films of this era - and it feels vague excitement, which is typical of silence. In a way, it's a movie of a movie, and closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in visual representation and close intimate imitations that elevate what would be a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks plays a character less bang here than she was known: she is a stenographer who decides on a lion to enter a beauty competition despite the furious opposition of her extremely feverish boyfriend. Her role is quite thirty and contemporary for his time; The last of the flapper / Jazz baby roles has been shown on the screen and now, with the onset of female independence, women are represented as professionals in the film. That Brooks's character decides to leave her boyfriend (even if she is reconciled later) is also a bit ahead of her time. However, her character's fatal error is willing to believe what is not there - that her boyfriend wants to succeed - and that leads to her end to the movie. This final series looks like something straight out of Hitchcock in his heightened tension (seen in THE MAN who knew too much) and cut off Brooks, her on-screen image, and the murderous boyfriend. Even more dramatic is the placing of the ever-singing "live" Brooks with the now-dead one - a different effect on a cold, powerful film.
