We've seen the silent version of this movie, and it's simply beautiful. It is quite difficult to see how a sound version can be created, as it is written with pure silent technique, long wordless stories of story without a single subtitle - except for some disturbing sequences where Louise Brooks, a Frenchman typist plays, very visible in English. The only part that obviously exclaims for sound is the final scene, where Brooks watches the hare for her "sound movie" test: footage constantly playing in the background as the action unfolds, with her mouth moving in unceasingly silent song. I was not surprised to learn that this section alone was seen in the talkie version as an example of new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of its opening styles and the fairy-tale inevitability of what follows, the movie looks like a dream. As a 'Louise Brooks movie' it was not what I expected either from her Hollywood comedies or from GWPabst's German melodramas: I found the idiom more fluid and enjoyable than either, and Brooks himself is another. creature, a sturdy lower young animal rather than a shop window vamp or manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what gives this movie more depth than first-time is the unexpected second half; repulsed by the rich parasites falling around her beauty, the pauper princess returns to a tear-filled reunion with her humble born true love ... and the story has ended very well there. However, fairy tale changes to the tragedy. The dilettante Grabovsky, confident in his ability to desire the woman, still wishes for his self-evident prediction. The young lovers can't make each other happy - and André was ironic enough to deceive the social influence. of Beauty Competitions: After the drunkenness of her moment of glory, Lucienne frustrates herself with despair over the humdrum routine of married life while her husband, in turn, is being driven away by any reminder of the whole thing. If it was a simple case of a misconduct, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" I recall Murnau's "Sunrise". But if so, the scenes and photographer scenes here would form a distorted mirror image of the joyous reconciliation in "Sunrise"; no dream but an alien nightmare. And the next dawn does not bring a miraculous reunion, but an empty bed and abandoned house. With a letter saying she loves him and always likes him, Lucienne disappears from André's life in search of clarity and freedom; and this time she will never come back. <br /> <br /> Gossip columns all confirm André's worst beliefs, as he learns from his wife's whereabouts through reports linking her name to Grabovsky. When the young worker finally approaches the cute sanctuary of the screening room, it is with a drawn rifle - to be greeted by his competitive court song and to decorate a smiling Lucienne, the same woman who has assigned her ominous love as she left him. He kills her, but even if he kills, the living image is transferred to the screen, Lucienne in all her transformed glory as he never saw her. The two women are standing in an endless, powerful moment next to each other, as André sees, being seized, irresistible and moving away: the dying girl and her singing self projected upward, unaware of the time in celluloid captured eternity and unaware of life. or death or love among her ... <br /> <br /> The main barrier in the film is the character of André's co-worker Antonin, who seems to play no role in the licensed buttocks of his contemporaries. He is the ugly who can never get the girl, the ominous that is smuggled and tormented in the washrooms and at work, and it has to take everything with an uncertain, impressive smile in his fruitless hope for social acceptance: a typical product of the more gifted and popular bullying, in other words, but the audience is apparently invited to laugh with his malefactors. Unless the intention is to expose a darker side to the protagonists (for which I see no sign), the character looks just like comic relief, but comic relief with a distinctly nasty edge. If we only know him as an indifferent Peeping Tom at the water screen, it's easy to laugh, although the other's revenge looks a bit over the top; When we discover that he is not a strange stranger, but Andre's colleague and regular sidekick, the persistent attacks remain very funny. <br /> <br /> But these are the images that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
