I am quite the Mitchell Leisen fan, so it was a great expectation that I rented this movie, but the pressure I got was extremely bad, so turned away from the use and apparently over. The movie was so dark. So dark that you can't see one thing in some scenes that are cinematographically dark. That said, I believe I share the same opinion as the first review of this movie. It starts out uncommonly and doesn't give the lines and rhythms of your typical Hollywood 30 movie. Heck, not even your typical Hollywod movie of any era. The director seems to have been influenced by the Europeans because there is some persistent realism for the opening shot proceedings designed in camera movement and placement such as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray). You expect half of them to start singing "Make believe" from Show boot. It starts with a few laughs and poor Anthony in a one-stage role where he doesn't speak; a word of English is overturned by Freddie. Skids are a bum that doesn't mind being a baby. That's why he signs in the army where he can hide from the world. He's just been released and in a set of screen games she misses her boat for New York. This is when the movie kicks in high gear and we begin to get the French film of the sixties vibes for the whole proceedings. The scenes are so well performed by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the movie gets a pulse. MacMurray is also good as he and Lombard fall for one another while caring for the trumpet. Then comes the tempter in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Plenty of plot. The movie has fantastic montage sequences that surprised me. They are very good. And Lombard gets a home page in this movie, but in the second half a little more is called Freddie and he fails to deliver the goods. With a heavy melodramatic end and an actor you don't believe, the movie falls short, but since it's not your typical film in structure, set design and direction. It's worth a look. For what it is one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. But I don't know his exact rank.
