I first came across this movie when I read a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that over the years I have watched many of his films and got his best work really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW had to be one of his best. While it did not bear me, it did not impress me as much as KEEP BACK THE DAY, DEATH HAS A HOLIDAY, KITTY, OR GOLDEN EARINGS. I suspect it just dates too much to be kept well. <br /> <br /> Working at Paramount Leisin had a problem with the movies he did musical. Most of the scores he worked with were fairly mediocre. It is true that twice appeared in his films, but it was very rare: "Cocktales for Two" appears in MURDER AT THE VANITIES, and "Mona Lisa" came from CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. But the rest of the score for MURDER AT The fraud was forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was the only voice in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not have been so - Leisin's studio worked Rogers and Hart there in the early 1930s. Why couldn't he be assigned to a project with them? The rating for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW, is pleasant but forgetful. Unfortunately, the film is centered in the entertainment world, as Fred Macmurray demonstrates great talents as a trumpet player (he even works Carole Lombard in his act by turning his arms around her when he blows his trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how her lover's game excites her is important to the plot. It works in the movie, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> There is a picarque style for the movie - it starts on a side that Lombard works as a manicurist. She is continually purged by her creator Franklin Pangborn (the creator). Then the ship goes into the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier, whose actions will end soon. Their first scene together has a nice touch: MacMurray talks to Lombard, she is on the deck of the boat and he is at the edge of the lock of the lock. The picture follows the rise and fall of the Skid Johnson (MacMurray) as he meets Lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpet player. , but meets the "other woman" in the movie, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film are about the collapse of the relationship with Lombard, and his collapse as a jazz trumpet (his appearance and need for alcohol is very impractical for a MacMurray character - even his dark figures like Walter Neff or Sheldrake or The naval officer pushing the Caine Mutiny did not have any confidence in alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good as the woman loved, but wrong with MacMurray, Lamore has little to do - possibly the movie had more scenes with her in it, but one lookout is her attempt to get MacMurray back on the wagon. In his opening, Pangborn is fine. Rarely noticed in movies, the small movie actor Carl Judels is effective as a fair weather warrior / MacMurray's friend falls as he goes down (though he gives him a handout). <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is as trivial in this movie, but he has one moment when he suddenly comes to his looks like the keyboard of a piano i In the rooms he, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard share - his red-faced appearance is due to embarrassment about a lie that MacMurray insists, is true. It was a beautiful, subtle moment. If only his subtlety was in his play rather than his moments of diffident humor.
