Neil Simon's THE ODD COUPLE sets up a model for many of his later plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the unauthorized roommates in the original, the former was picky and neat, the latter was sloppy and loose. Simon will (less successful) rewrite the play in the 1990s (THE NEW OLD COUPLE), with female roommates. He made it a mixed couple (a woman with her daughter and a man) in THE GOODBY GIRLS. He also added an additional spin in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit with Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the older, half-retired Vaudevillians. Here the "apartment" problem is reduced to a team of two men who can't stand each other. The 1976 film knew Walter Matthau as Willie, and George Burns as Al. <br /> <br /> In reality, Allie probably doesn't quite think about Willie - Willie is pathological on the subject of Al First Al had little habits, which accidentally spat slightly when words spoken with the letter "t" were spoken, and Willie with his index finger grabbed a bit on stage. Second, Al's retired when his wife died. Willie wasn't ready to retire (and forced his cousin and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to get him to work in advertising. But Willie can't remember lines unless they're funny and keep them flickering can end a commercial rehearsal end. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to get the two back together for a lively scene of their best-known sketch on a television program on American Comedy Bring Al, to see Willie, and start sparks flying, because neither can find out what the others are doing (and it's just in rehearsal. In addition, Willie insists on changes (minors but they throw off) as if to say "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door, but the initial rehearsal is a failure, but Ben manages to get the tapering of the show. complete or will turn Willie Al's neck? <br /> <br /> The three lead, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, do a lot of good d with the one-liners, f reminiscent of vaudeville patter (example: "Chest pains ... I get chest pain Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I come here and get chest pains! "So, come on Fridays!). Benjamin strives to prove his deep love for his uncle, although Matthau's rough outside makes it difficult (he only smoothes when he discusses the glory days of vaudeville). Matthau has a little better understanding of the reality (at first) than Burns, who seems to be nervous by repeating himself - but Matthau's sense of rejection by the world that once closed him makes him less willing to properly act. Burns is not senile - he takes things slow. But he seems much happier to accept his retirement. <br /> <br /> I call it a final "Voyage of Discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark. All and Willie transcends their old sketches, as they gradually eventually realize that they have more in common at their age than they thought. Even the irascible Willie admits that Al can be a pain in the ass, but he was a funny man. br /> <br /> Burns was not the original choice for part of "Al Lewis" (locally Dale from the team Smith and Dale). Jack Benny was. Benny would probably have done a good job, but poor health forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last involvement with any film was in the SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956) was so good that he got the Oscar for the best supporting actor and had a career in movies in the next decade. in such movies as OH GOD! Oh God, you mean and go in style. He died at the age of 100, after proving that he was more than just a brilliant straight man for his wife, Gracie Allan.
