I've seen 'Miracles Still Happen' four times now. I never get tired of this fantastic movie. From the beginning it holds a person's interest. As the movie progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes very intense as we watch this young girl trying to survive alone and scared in the Amazon, following a plane crash in which she was the only survivor. To also lose her mother in this plane crash, this movie makes even more dramatic as we see the dangers of this young girl during her ten days in the Amazon. To think that this really happened, is just unreal and to think that anyone can really survive, it is unspeakable, as we see the wildlife, snakes and other reptiles, the huge forests and wildlife as well as numerous insects. As the movie progresses, we see the many dangers that this girl has to face if she tries to follow the river in the hope that it will lead to a village. Remember what her father told her how a stream will always lead to a river and then into an even bigger river and that means it will eventually lead to a community, this young girl keeps pace with the small stream that eventually lead to a great river all across the movie. Sometimes she had to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, injured, and she always succeeded in continuing. By the end of this movie, she was no longer able to continue, as she had not eaten for ten days and had only water to drink and was very sick and tired of her dangers. Eventually as she saw a canoe, she realized that there should be a village and men got her and they took care of her and then took her to a hospital where her father came to see her after she feared she was dead with the many other passengers. Such a dramatic movie and so heartwarming to see her father's face when he sees his daughter is still living in the Amazon! Movies like these aren't many of those days. I'll see it again and I know I'll never tire of it! Thinking this girl was the only survivor of this plane is just unspeakable! The fact that she only sustained a few minor injuries was even more remarkable, while everyone on this plane was killed in the terrible accident in the Amazon. A brilliant movie, wonderfully retired and one that I will treasure forever and love to continue watching! Highly recommended by me for sure!
