It was considered the "Swiss answer to the Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. It's not an answer to anything, it's in itself something new, something funny and sometimes it's stupid and stupid - but was Monty Python different from stupid? <br /> <br /> The start immediately states that this film is low budget and not meant to take it seriously. Cardboard clouds on strings beating in the plane in which the main character sits. But, to compensate for the missing special effects, the landscape does the trick. It is absolutely beautiful and beautiful - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the movie was the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that went into it. It is not brilliant; Yet it has good humorous parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely convincing, it will be enough to watch the movie because of him! There are some good jokes, some of them are very lame, some of them will not be understood by people outside Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decided to take 'Pupsi', a telehobbie, with him on the journey. Also very funny is the scene when Rackaroll, the swordsman, decides to point with his sword - and then breaks it into a wall and breaks it. And there is this one scene where the "Nazgul-ish" characters make a wonderful cartoon that includes a toilet bowl. I did not approve of the idea of ​​the Ring used by Schleimli, the "Gollum" character. To deceive the ladies. It was a little far-fetched. The idea that Mr. Sauraus wanted to cover the land with fondue was also not so brilliant. Original, definitely, but not brilliant. But most of all I didn't like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, it wasn't really necessary. All in all, I recommend watching the movie, just because it's so crazy and completely trashy. Don't expect a LotR parody like "Spaceballs" for Star Wars. But if you go to the flickers and think it will be a wonderful evening, with absolutely no ambitions, you will enjoy it. I don't know if it works in other languages, because it also lives out of the Swiss dialects as well as the jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> All in all: courage from the Swiss crew who did it!
