Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were really great. Sarafina was very entertaining. I don't usually like music like this, but the song wasn't lame as it looked on the box. The movie was useful to learn about history because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto riot of 1976. It showed you things from the perspective of the students in the riot and showed that they were true characters. Because you have seen them as true characters, it makes you more like an audience, and makes you more sympathetic than the victims of the white government with whom you cannot sympathize. The songs of the students are correct because we know from accounts that the students are singing and dancing in the riot before they become violent. The clothes of the students in Sarafina are very similar to the clothes shown in pictures of Soweto. They actually made the movie in Soweto, and it looks like it is very accurate in many parts. All of this makes the movie more accurate for someone who uses it to learn about separate. As viewers, we need to be critical of the way in which apartheid history is presented. As I said earlier, you become sympathetic to the students - this may make it less reliable and objective. It also changes some of the details of other accounts. In Sarafina it becomes chaos when the policeman arrives in their classroom and shoots the students. The police and army were very aggressive at Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army shot students, but there is no evidence that they are going to school and to people like this. The battle was more in the streets and had looting and crime. This is done in the movie probably to make you sorry for the school students. The movie would have been more useful if it had different information about separate. The teacher was arrested for being against the government, and the mother was going to work in a white house. But there is no information about the government and why they did it or any details about the racist policies and laws. - With George S, Chris and Finlay
