This film reminds me of 42nd Street with Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watched this movie, it reminded me of 42nd Street, especially the temperate star Eloise, and she ends up falling and breaking her ankle, as Bebe Daniels did in 42nd Street and another artist get the part and become a star. This movie, like most racing films, keeps people in the eyes of great entertainment. Race films have always shown Black Entertainment, as it was truly popular during that time. The Dance Styles, The Music, Dressing Styles, You Will Love It. This movie could have been great if it was made in Hollywood. It would have better scenery, better filming, and more money, which would make a better movie. But it's worth watching, because it's good and Micheaux does well with the little he has. I must say out of all Micheaux's movies, Swing is the best! The movie has singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular but forgotten today. Doli Armena, a wonderful female trumpet player who can blow the horn so well that you think Gabriel blows a horn in the air. The sexy, hot female dancer Consuela Harris will make Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee shy. <br /> <br /> Adding additional information ... Popular blues singer from the 20's and 30's Cora Green is the focus of the film, She is Mandy, a good, hardworking woman with a not good man who take money and spend it to other women. A Nosie neighbor who played Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what she saw and heard and Mandy goes to the club and gets her husband with an attractive, crooked woman named Eloise (playing Hazel Diaz, a Hot-Cha entertainer in the 30's) and a fight breaks out. Afterwards Mandy goes to Harlem, where she plays with a somewhat guardian Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in movies Dorothy Van Engle. Lena gives Mandy a home, a job and helps her become a star when temperamental Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I think she plays two parts or maybe she changes her stage name) tries to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is ready for the job and Lena is right and a star was born in Mandy. Long, long, ugly, but pretty Carman Newsome is the cool aspiring producer that Lena also looks at. Pretty boy Larry Seymour does not play the good man, but after Lena threatened him, he could form. There are a few highlights, but the one sticking out is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) rehearses and goes on everyone and then her husband comes in and bumps her into the jaw, but that's not enough, She almost gets into a fight with Mandy again. In between, there is great entertainment by chorus girls, tap dancers, shake dancers, swing music and blues singing. There are even white people watching the entertainment, I wonder where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where blacks and whites sit together, Micheaux has often integrated black and white into his films. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first racing movie I really enjoyed and it helped me introduce Oscar Micheaux. This movie is one of the best of the racing movie genre, it is a background story about the ups and downs of the show business. <br /> <br /> Not these early racial movies may not be the best, can't be compared to Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones, or any other Hollywood movie, but they are great to watch because their early signs of black movies and these movies give a glimpse of black life and black. entertained by a black man's eyes. These films have given blacks a chance to play people of all walks of life, to be beautiful, elegant and elegant, not just stereotypes, or how whites felt that blacks should be portrayed in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses of these racing films were not the best, but they were the only ones they could afford at the time. Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington. , Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram, and more of the bigger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white racing filmmakers would use nightclub artists in their movies, some were good, some were not good actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most were not good actors and actresses, but they were more than an experiment as an experiment than for real talent, they just wanted to tell their stories and in return many black artists had their real talents in the movies exported. For some true actors / actresses, racing films were the only kind of movies they could get, especially if they didn't want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you'll see the real actors / actresses of the nightclub artists. These racing films are very historical, they could have been lost forever, many are lost. Perhaps racing movies aren't the best example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies didn't start well. I think if the race movie genre continues, it will be better. If you're looking for great acting, most racing movies aren't the only one, but if you're looking for a true example of black entertainment and how to portray blacks in movies, then watch racing movies. There are some entertaining movies with a good play, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What a girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem, and Sepia Cinderella, who not only have good entertainment but good acting.
