I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work and I love this movie, but I won't say it's a movie of the "Mother Night" I've read. When people say that Vonnegut is unmovable, two things come to mind. One is that many of his themes are very close to the knuckle or even taboo, despite the accusation sometimes used against him that he chooses relatively "easy" targets for his satire. This means less every day that passes over filmability. Directors seem to break in taboos in vain and I hope for the Bluebeard version now in production. Surprising to think that an innocent piece like Vonnegut's siren of Titan would probably be the equivalent of R if it was filmed when it was published in the 50's for its violence, language and sexual and thematic content, although it is a tragedy that no one has yet arrived with a filmable script for it. And in the current economic climate, I also hope there is a director approaching the "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". <br /> <br /> The other thing is his narrative, which irons irony over irony, but makes it rather hilariously funny. It seems impossible to object, and it seems to be the biggest obstacle to making big movies of his great novels, because the little authoritative remarks that color our reaction as readers are just not possible in movies without too often clumsy techniques like "talkovers" "Vonnegut suggested that a character be lacking in filmed versions of his work, himself as a writer / narrator. Until his credit" Breakfast of Champions "(the movie) tried to keep the comedy and had a a little crook for his pain, another turkey made from a Vonnegut novel, "Slapstick" in an even more spectacular way. <br /> <br /> However, there is nothing wrong with a director who we give his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mother Night" is an excellent example of how, as another reviewer put it, a good director can add a visual poem to a source like this. of humor is lost that although it is the same graph, i It's not really from the same novel I've read. If it had been, I would probably have been in the aisles and laughed a few times to see it. For a novelist, I think a chuckle is even forgiven at the end. However, the end of the film is really gripping and I think one of the successes of the movie is that it can really make you feel like someone has seen a razor's edge between good and evil, and the jury is still out. <br /> <br /> Standing alone and obviously it's worth watching. Technically, there are a few minor but rogue errors, especially in continuity, and this often seems to be choir and theater, but most of the time it becomes an acceptable note and sometimes shows imagination and ingenuity. The action in general is of a high order, even though the dialogue may be somewhat silent according to today's standards. <br /> <br /> It looks pretty good to look back with "Slaughterhouse 5", and there is actually a little more "good" filmed Vonnegut there, mostly versions of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron", "Who Am I This Time?" and a few other things, such as, of course, the misfiring filmed version of his very funny but disposable game, "Happy Birthday Wanda June". There was also an interesting piece, if it still existed, mentioned in the seventies, between the time and Timbuktu, which Vonnegut apparently did not like much, although he was involved in his production, because he was wrong in general. interpreted. He said it reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments performed in the HG Wells story "The Island of Dr. Moreau", but it served as a great introduction to his work for many. <br /> <br /> But if The movies don't make you want to go to the superior source material. They don't do their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, the big show is more or less in your head.
