It takes awhile to get used to Nick Nolte's Nebraskan locutions before we can easily accept him as a well-known intercontinental playwright. Once you get past the bar, it becomes a fascinating story of a man who loses everything while trying to do good. <br /> <br /> Nolte, an American, moves to Germany, marries a well-known actress and is a happy success in all respects until the war is about to break out. He was visited by a jovial American, John Goodman, who persuaded him to take up a position as an anti-Semitic radio broadcaster for the Nazis. Nolte has no politics, but thinks it's a challenge to write a role that is almost impossible and then play. Another American secret agent will change Nolte's radio scripts - bringing a cough here, a sneeze there - that will serve as a code for intelligence transfer to the Allies. There is a catch. No one will know of Nolte's true role as an American agent except Goodman, Donovan and Roosevelt himself. If he has ever been exposed, he will be refused recognition by the Americans. <br /> <br /> Nolte jumps ahead and his evil broadcasts are very popular in Germany. She adores wife, Sheryl Lee, knows nothing about what is going on, and doesn't care. Nolte and Lee live in what he repeatedly refers to as a nation of two. The war ends and the trouble begins. He is captured by Americans who are bitter because of his betrayal. They beat him and left him in the mud. He was rescued by Goodman, his "fairy godmother", who sent him to an anonymous existence in Greenwich Village and sent him some cash from time to time. <br /> <br /> By 1960, he succeeded in making a friendship with his neighbor, painter Alan Arkin, who also lost his family and claimed the two now belong to a secret brotherhood. But his place and his identity somehow leak and he is more or less adopted by a group of Ancient Aryan racists - led by a dentist and a priest. His home front and mailbox were painted with swastikas and accusations. He is beaten by a former GI senseless. But - miraculously - his beloved wife is returned to him by the ancient Aryans. Another catch: it later turns out that it is not his wife, but rather her younger sister who loved him since adolescence. <br /> <br /> In 1967, the end typed his memoirs in an Israeli jail before his trial for crimes against humanity. It's not a happy ending. <br /> <br /> Nolte can talk, but don't see, the occupant of the cell above his jail. This is Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann looks nice enough. He advises Nolte that it is a bad habit of tapping fifteen straight hours. "It's important to relax. You have to learn to relax." Nolte laughed out loud and shouted, "That's how I got here." The film is filled with such ironic. At one stage in their relaxed conversations, Arkin tells him "despite everything I still think people are good at." I don't know if the movie was a commercial success, but if it wasn't, it's the kind of thing that left it for a younger audience of theater-goers who never heard of Anne Frank. final statement in her diary. <br /> <br /> The fact is that it is a movie for adults and adults. The story moves slowly, there is very little violence, no car hunters, no shooting, and people don't seem to be subject to manic speech. Many of them will probably leave passers-by not opening their deliberate approach. Nolte refers to the war-time relationship between him and his wife as a nation of two. It's a pretty compact phrase. There is undoubtedly someone who can get a glib definition, but it does take a little concentration to understand his emotional input. <br /> <br /> It's a story of a man who loses everything - his ability to write, his identity, his wife (twice), his only friend, his country, his self-respect. At one point he stopped on a busy New York street and stood there until the dark as he was moved by a strange police officer. The reason he quit is that he simply has no place to go. What Vonnegut describes is much more than depression. I don't mean to sound condescending, but it's the kind of feeling that is hard to understand in your youth. Adolescents may like to think they know what Nolte holds in that one place, but it really requires maturity and the living sense of finality that can only bring maturity. Remember Robert Frost's line that the house is the place to go when you go there? Well, Nolte won't be in the place.
