I haven't read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother Night yet (although I've read other books from his, all outstanding pieces of satire and game-changing novels). Having seen Keith Gordon's film adaptation of his book, it will be immediate in the near future. This is the kind of material I'm sure if it's not made in 1995/96 as a movie, but it will be picked up immediately in the time when much post / present Holocaust / WW2 movies are very popular. . Except that it is much darker, but even more resonant, about the nature of role players and the real underlying horror of living after the war, than say The Reader. It's about the very real danger of giving up in wartime, and that's what a spy is about in WW2. It will be one thing if Mother Night had a manuscript with a lot of emotional depth and complexity about the moral choice and constant role - even after the war - for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), who is being done. But it's just a very strong feature of cinematic technique. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually think of as a director of really strong material (more so I think back to him as an actor, strangely, has briefly returned to Vonnegut himself), but this is a revelation. He takes the story of Campbell as a story of a broken life: a German propaganda master (the "only American in Berlin"), who is actually a spy for the Americans, but can never reveal his identity and before a playwright who really belonged to a nation of two, himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). It follows him from his prison cell, which was heard in Israel in 1961, writing his memoir and telling about his disillusionment with a 'handicap' Nazi, and then in 1960 in a New York apartment, The bulk of movie takes place. <br /> <br /> Mother night can be pretty heavy, such as at a level one can associate with the pianist, but at a different emotional cerebral level than the sharp poetry of the movie. Gordon, through Vonnegut, tries to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing, except the memory (and then a strange transformation) of his long lost love in a "sister" who has returned to him in NYC, so he was left to his own devices when he was with a painter (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then found as a Nazi fan by a white supremacist newsletter leading wackos to his apartment . On the surface it should just be a simple spy story, but nothing is straight. The "something" of this man's life is staggering, but it is ultimately his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters that can be analyzed for hours at the end, but the same conclusions can be reached (and in a way reflects the line Goebbels said): the greater the lie, the more people believe it. It is except for the couple who started the lie and know its secret and power. <br /> <br /> But oh it would be one thing if it was just a wonderful and tragic-comic story, or another if it was with great performances (what is: Nolte is at his best here , and Sheryl Lee, who may remember us from Twin Peaks such as Laura Palmer, play a number of roles, especially in the scene when she reveals she's not really "Helga". It is also a spectacular film, with brilliant lighting and shots reflecting the state of mind of the character, or just the sharp or sickly colors of the time (look at the scene where an old Campbell watches a movie of his younger self that a ridge, the opposite of faces is large). And the music selections rise the level of the tragedy. It can be argued that some of the music is too much, but at other times it raises the material beyond its own ordinary dramatic dimensions and makes it operative, solemn about human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always an easy movie To take emotionally, and some of the twists have such a "whoa" as in any spy story. But it is the subversion of Vonnegut that pierces, the way to take look and show, from life to the imitation of art that mimics life, and into something worth remembering. I still have no idea if the book is better than the movie (or vice versa), but at the moment it's hard not to recommend it to anyone looking for a masterpiece of post-WW2 / holocaust storytelling .
