American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (Playing with a stale aging by Nick Nolte) lives happily in Germany with his actress wife, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before World War II. At the height of his life, Howard is set up by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; warned of the risks posed by the job, Howard has everything to lose, but finds the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell disguised himself with the anonymity of a lonely life in New York City, further disrupting his neurosis. The central question (indeed a question that frustrated many critics) of the film and Kurt Vonnegut's source novel is: "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer our clues, but no answer, and this ambiguity? It doesn't know? What keeps Mother Night fresh and interesting. At the beginning of the film, Nolte depicts Campbell as intelligent and confident; By the end, he is either scared and uncertain, or scared and quite sure of his contribution to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies some icy glamor to the images of the first half of the film, complementing his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and capturing Vonnegut's dramatic side. On the other hand, when Campbell is confined to his lonely New York apartment (which he merely calls "purgatory") only discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also purely characteristic of the writer and offers a temporary break the dramatic tension that unfolds. The moral (even spiritual) paradoxes of "Mother Night" offerings do not lend themselves to simple resolution, and to some extent we must be left ambiguous. Campbell's black-and-white screens are staring in space while trapped in prison. Israel suggests an unspoken consideration that we are not quoted as Campbell is a character whose inner activities that excite us know very little; the war changed him, came back to America changed him, and met with the Nazis in New York forced him to extend the facade of his "act" further to the point where he could just face a picture of himself what projected on a wall, spray anti-Semitic bile. Maybe it's the best response we can hope for.
