The magical moment in life, it indicates the beautiful innocence of childhood, and the confusing storm wind that indicates maturity. . . this is what this movie is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (played great by Reese Witherspoon) is right at that moment in life when the movie starts. She beats Elvis, plays his records and thinks about love. Maureen's sister will soon be off school, has no trouble dressing up boys, it is beautiful and seems to have invented everything, though she does. She dates a local loser whose father is also to her, and just wished she could get a decent son and be wiped off her feet. Danni, like most young teens, wishes she could be anyone other than herself because most teenagers think that whoever they are is not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but doesn't see that she is beautiful. <br /> <br /> The moment maturity begins to drag itself into her life is when she first meets Court Foster. Father's recent death court moved to their old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He is responsible for having fun. On a particular hot day he goes to the dam and just jumps in to get Danni skinny. They scream and argue and leave Danni. But they see each other a day later when the court's mother is invited to Danni to visit old friends (Danni's Parents). Danni is attracted to court and court to Danni. She is a tomboy and is spunky, has an attitude and says what she has in her mind. <br /> <br /> The court is 17 and Danni 14 and he knows it, but they still stay closer to their days at the dam between the courtyard working the farm. By the time the court kissed her one day, Danni was beaten. Danni's dad tells her to invite court to the house and he does it. but things are uncomfortable for the court on its "kind of date". However, the silence was broken by his encounter with Maureen, who has not yet seen the court. One look between the two and she's over. The appearance of pain and defeat on Danni's face are both beautiful in their truth to life and painful at the same time. The rest of the movie I will not tell, but the film has more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the movie is in the portrayal of moments of life, beautiful and painful moments. and the relationship between two sisters whose love is tested by both a boy who loves them and the pain they both endure together and separately. Danni finally sees her in the world if she sees that the world is unfair, painful and maybe even a little less hopeful than when the movie started. Few films can perfectly capture the wonder of childhood and the pain of adulthood. This movie has seen how it got stuck in my mind for the first time. It's in my top 100 movie list and deserves it. I just wish more movies like this were made, because if so. . . My belief in Hollywood will be much better.
