When I first heard of the show, I heard a lot of it and it got good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale" as it explains so, and I really excited it. I've loved it ever since. This show has a good sense of humor and it is fun to see such a good show. The movie is excellent as their characters, and I don't want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with this show, Pushing Daisies pushes a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy . He could bring the dead to life with the finger. He first did it with his dog, Digby. However, the catch: If he keeps a dead person alive for more than a minute, someone else dies. He taught it when he brought his mother back, and his childhood father died in Ned's mother's place. The other catch is if he touches the person again, they are dead again, but this time it is good. He learned it when his mother kissed him well. His father took him to the hostel, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Almost 20 years later Ned owns a pie bakery, with the cunning title "The Pie Hole." A colleague of Ned's, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) loved Ned, but Ned rejects her moves, tries not to get close to anyone, and learns from past experiences. Private Investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovers Ned's gift and decides to become a partner in solving murders. Ned becomes the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute is up, he touches them again, and they release it. This is how they usually solve it. During the episodes, the murders had many interesting plots and people least expected. <br /> <br /> One day Ned discovers his next murder to solve his childhood, Charlotte Chuck Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In her place, the funeral director, who stole jewelery from the bodies, died. When Emerson finds out, and when Chuck wants to help solve the murders, he doesn't agree - for a while we hear him call Chuck 'Dead Girl'. It's all kept secretly from Olive, Chuck's aunts Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively), and everyone else in the matter, if someone has recognized her from obituaries, news, etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimmers, did not leave the house in years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow to love each other, although they can never touch each other again. <br /> <br /> This show is funny, has fantastic characters, contains great plot moves and will definitely get your spirits. I hope it's not 13 episodes canceled.
