This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarity between "Pushing Daisies" style and anyone else was not a steal. (Yes, I saw "Amelie". "Pushing Daisies" is somewhat similar but still different from original.) Rather, there are too few TV shows that have this kind of quirky charm. The biggest deal is to be "Dead Like Me", but "P.D" agrees with the deal: Bryan Fuller created both shows. (Both performances involve a young woman, for example.) This show never ceased to be funny and charming, and it was always strange, but consistently human. <br /> <br /> I have to say a word about the conventions of ongoing story lines. Some people complained that this show was missing a moral center because Ned got away in the first (and subsequent) episodes with the death of Chuck's father without any consequences whatsoever. First of all, it must be a new definition of "without any consequences" because, despite Ned being a boy and not realizing that he had killed Chuck's father, he found himself guilty of Die moment he realized what he had done. Furthermore, about a dozen episodes in the series, Ned finally admitted to Chuck that he caused her father's death with his gift. Now there is no police to urge people with magic to cause one person's death by bringing another person to life, so that the questions of absolution and restitution must be taken without social guidance. In other words, it's between Ned and Chuck, who didn't want to forgive Ned soon. <br /> <br /> However, this shows a problem with the ongoing story lines in network dramas. I remember when David Caruso's character on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and he seemed to have come for it - for a whole year - then he caught and forced to retire (and had the show leave). The point is that viewers now have to learn and not accept, just because an ordinary character is doing something wrong in a single episode and not being caught in that episode, he's gone. There is always next week - and maybe even next year.
