"Pushing Daisies" is surely one of the best TV shows of his genre in the past 5 years, agree or disagree with it. Creator creator Bryan Fuller has a wonderful creative spirit. He is the idea behind other major TV programs such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004) and the other one not as big as this, but also interesting, "Heroes" (2006). It's a blend of wonderful worlds, Brian Fuller, created in previous TV shows, and again a wonderful fantasy world mingled with true kinds of people disguised in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something a fairy tale is always . So, to be a kind of fairy tale, you can expect no more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or even situations that are highly anticipated, but not in a way that will usually tell. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes With a curse, and sweet, can also be bitter. That is so, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift other than being a great chef. He can give death with just a touch. It can be a force that everyone would die - or live - because if it wasn't for another simple and very sad thing, he could also give eternal death if he touched it again. The curse of this wonderful gift does not stop there ... everything has a reward and if he brings something to life for more than a minute, another species will immediately die. He is a man full of unfortunate life events in a way he grew introspective, always afraid to touch everything and lose something he once loved earlier. Until the day he could finally be near his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), it was not for another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her life again and she loves him as much as he does, but this love is untouchable. The true kiss of death. And this is how this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about "Pushing Daisies", it was promoted as something very familiar (or perhaps a kind of tribute) to everything Tim Burton has created since "Big Wee's Big Adventure" (1985) to "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results couldn't be better. The world around The Pie Hole was wonderful. The stories around Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) to solve unresolved crimes can be seen on television, but it is just a way to guide people through wonderful stories around characters such as Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of beautiful and dreamy images that you can taste the colors almost. Not only that, you are merged into a bunch of incredible and charismatic soft characters, even those with the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> Forget about the trivial concept of murders and unresolved crimes, the show brights and triumphing in many other things. The actors here are the best of the note. Lee Pace is gentle, gentle and contained as the character asks. Anna Friel is the muse of the show, as her character is supposed to be. But the most beautiful times are always with the supporting actors like Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (as Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines such a dry character drowning in an impossible dark humor that a clown can scare. She probably has the best dialogues and her expressions and body language are fascinating. But if the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and her character, Kristin Chenoweth gives the best funny moments. Seems she's improvising all the time, she's so naturally fun that every play is a show. Kristin shines so brightly in the show that winning the 2009 Emmy for her supporting role in the show was justified and earned. There is also the chemistry between actors and their characters, which is also wonderful. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this TV show really is and what it was meant to be. For those who think this show is a waste of time or claims there is no point in it, they should open their minds and return to a time they probably never had: childhood. Truth tells ... TV has never been so daring in a TV show like this amazing one. "Pushing Daisies" was a big step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that TV does not respect big TV programs like those created by Bryan Fuller - except "Heroes" which is still on the air and by no means as wonderful as the others.
