After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb main page for "Pushing Daisies", and I watched the final episode literally minutes ago, I thought it was about the time I said what I thought of PD. <br /> Firstly, to discuss what some of the problems I have seen other people with this show: something according to the lines of "I expect the people who have awakened from the dead have a more realistic have reaction. " Realistic, on this show? Pushing Daisies is, truly, pure and absolute escapism. It's the color palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, situations, music: all this is just an escape from everyday life. An escape from everyday and boring. It is here that Pushing Daisies exceeds exceptionally well. Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: A large majority of the TV audience does not get it. For some, it is just too stupid and stupid. But for people like me, even from the first episode, I watched it (Season 2's Freskorts) and I was just blown away by the show. From then on I bought both the box sets and they hardly came from my DVD player. Other people I know can't do it. It looks like it is Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, the Piemaker, with a witchcraft that early childhood Charlotte Charles, working in conjunction with private investigator Emerson Cod, owns the Pie hole and uses waiters Olive Snook . Completion of the main guests is Aunt Lily and Vivian, who never allowed Charlotte (Chuck) to see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life, everything is displayed with a wonderful shining color, and told by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> Unlike explaining the basics of the show, I really can't praise it much more: just watch. Despite being screwed by the author's Guild of America strike, with just 22 episodes ever to be made, it offers great plot twists, story lines, characters and situations while giving me a satisfying end (yes, I was able to tell it to Throw at the end and rushed, but I was still happy with the way it went out, whether creative or just pretentious, for many people (I included it), it has the most addictive and great show and I hope for the future of television that more programs like this are created so that I am not just left with 22, 40 minute memories of what true entertainment can be.
