The young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), an avid archaeologist, is sent by his museum boss to the large manor of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens). His job is to find origin and catalog for the collection of antiquities and curiosities that belong to the newly died father of the Squire. The Squire is surprised at the arrival of Fanshawe. He didn't expect him for a week, but he welcomed him and found his only servant, Patten (David Burke. Or Dr Watson fame) to show him to his room. , as Fanshawe has to stay for a few days to complete his rather big job. It does not seem to be the friendliest kind and looks like the extra work that Fanshawe's visit entails, the huge empty house that offers him an endless amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is a tough kind, very neat and exactly with everything she has, whether it's her clothes or his books and newspapers and he is rather frightened by the dirt in his room. Needless to say he is rather eager to start his job, but unpacking he finds his binoculars damaged in transit. That is why he asks the Squire for a replacement couple, The Squire, who is a modern thinking man, but it also looks rather immaculate with such issues are also eager to get rid of the mess around the house, so he obliged and walks Fanshawe to the top of the hill so that he can explore the estate and surrounding towns, after which the Squire directs him to points of interest, including Gallows Hill, where residents are hanged for their crimes and crimes, his interest is also taken by a local abbey who describes the Squire as a downfall, but Fanshawe can see through the binoculars that it is clearly not, he investigates further and pays a visit to the abbey and is shocked to find that there are only a few stone remains? Fanshawe does not have too much time to think about this connection, as he falls dark, he feels being watched, he feels a presence, he is starting to look obliquely in the forest, he is scared to walk home. On dinner he gives details of his sad day to the Squire, Patten overheats the story and suggests an explanation for it. The Binoculars! they were with a local man called Baxter. Gallows Hill's bones and skulls seem to have been collected, boiled for some clash. Baxter mysteriously disappeared one night, and the last Squire acquired his belongings, including a mask made of a skull and some old etchings of the area. These etchings fascinate Fanshawe, as they portray the Abbey he saw through his binoculars, but he learned that during the reign of Henry VII, the abbey was destroyed. It would therefore be impossible for Baxter to draw the sketches, the less they were signed. and dated by Baxter until the recent past, he concluded that the binoculars have a particular strength. That night he had terrible dreams, when he woke up, he went down with the binoculars to look at them, which he surprised, but he put him in danger by doing so? Fanshawe are eventually caught up in his dangerous obsession, as the darkness falls to the Squire and a search party is looking for the missing archaeologist. They are warned by decades of crows crowing above Gallow's HIl. They will increase their speed, but will they be in time to help or save Fanshawe from his fate? The Ghost Series for Christmas series films made by the BBC, unfortunately, ended the first movie of films in 1978 with The Ice House. They were mostly based on the work of the great M.R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was briefly revived and grateful, A View from a Hill also marked a return to James's work. His haunting writings followed many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, who is new to the series, may worry the older filmmakers, but he returns to the period in which the later movies are released, which immediately sets the tone for a wonderful Ghost story. His direction is assured when he remains faithful to the masters' work and gradually builds up the fear factor to a frightening climax, always keeping the viewer to a minimum, generating the tension and mystery. The autumn countryside offers oodles of atmosphere, the fall leaves and the low lying sun that provide a disturbing backdrop for the sinister events that come. The role it must be said is all excellent and is perfectly cast in their respective roles. The idea behind the binoculars is simple but very effective. The use of a human object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye cannot see can even affect Álex de la Iglesia in his next year's film La habitación del niño (2006), with which it strikes. I have heard mixed reviews of this particular movie, but I have to say I found it interesting at all times and even raised a few hairs on my head and gave me some shakes, something that doesn't happen much, I think . Any negativity around the movie can only be attributed to its pacing, which in my eyes is perfect, but for modern audiences it is considered deadly. Much time is given, even within his short 40 minutes, for character development and plot expansion and I have to say this is a new favorite of mine and certainly one of the better movies of the decade.
