The year 2005 has no less than 3 filmed productions by H. G. Wells' great novel "War of the Worlds". This is perhaps the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever attempted to present just the story as Wells wrote it, but also to create the atmosphere of the time it was supposed to take place: the last year of the 19th century, 1900? use Wells' original environment, in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb looks unfriendly to what they see as "spoilers". It may happen with a few movies, where the end may be a surprise, but with regard to one of the most famous novels in the world, it looks positive. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read one of the chapters in English literature, so let's get straight to the chase. The strangers are destroyed by catching an Earth disease, through which they have no immunity. If it be a destroyer, be it; After a book and 3 other movies (including the 1953 classic), you should know how it ends. <br /> <br /> This movie, which follows Wells' plot in the head, is also very cleverly presented? in a way that many viewers can turn off because of their ignorance of late 19th / early 20th century photography. Though filmed in a widescreen aspect, the film goes to some extent to give an impression of contemporaryity. The overall color of skin and clothing shows a sepia tint that often occurs in old photographs (rather than black). Colors often remind of hand tone. At other times colors are washed out. These variations are typical of early films, which did not use standardized celluloid stock and thus offered a large number of changes in pressure quality, even from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to red / white and so on? as you will see here on occasion. The special effects are deliberately retrograde, of a kind seen even as late as the 1920s ?? And yet the Martians and their machines are much like Wells describe them and have an almost realistic "feel". Some effects are really uncomfortable ?? like the destruction of Big Ben. The acting is often more in the style of that era than ours. Some aspects of Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of pomade or brilliant head and face hair. <br /> <br /> This movie is the only one that follows with some near Wells' original narrative ?? as noted. Viewers can find it insightful to see plot details that appear here, which are sometimes preserved in other versions of the story. Wells's description of the Martians ?? a huge head mounted on numerous tentacles ?? is depicted effectively. When the Martian machines appear, about an hour in the movie, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film do an excellent job of portraying the progress of the Martians from the limited perspective (mainly) of rural England? plus a few scenes in London (with the narrator's brother). The director cannot resist concealing the destruction of a big landmark (Big Ben), but at least not unaware of the destruction of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is almost a surprise, despite the canon destruction of some of their machines. The narrator, who is looking for escape, sees much of what Wells terms "the path of humanity". He meets a curate who is equipped with the Victorian misery of a much too precious and nervous personality. They eventually find themselves on the verge of a Mars nest, where they discover a terrible fact: the Martians are proven to be vampires who consume their prey in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after a meal, they set up a long and cheerful hobby. The narrator is eventually obliged to beat senselessly the increasingly hysterical curate ?? resurrected as the Martians drag him to the fireplace (screaming from the gallery; British curates are so often completely unbearable). <br /> <br /> This movie lasts almost 3 hours, going through Wells' story in the detail. It's about the time the writer owes her? in a compelling presentation that builds on dramatic impact. A word about the play: Don't expect award-winning performances. They are not bad, but the actors are serious and they grow on you. However, most of them had many shortened film careers, often only in this movie. The narrator is played by honky Anthony Piana, in his 2nd film. The Curate is John Kaufman ?? also in his 2nd film as an actor, but who had more experience to direct. The brother ("Henderson") is played with some conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. The only big part of the Artillery man is played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a wonderful movie depicting, for the first time, the World War as Wells wrote it. Despite its slight deviations, it is far and away better than any of its weakened competitors. If you want to see H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds ?? and not a complete twisted version of it? watch this movie!
