Imagine you can have anything you want, go for anything you want, be anything you've ever dreamed of being - by all means. Imagine now that you share this gift with the love of your life. What will you do? Will such powers be worth your soul? This is the dilemma that Captain Christopher Pike presented in "The Cage" the now-legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. The "Cage" was the ambitious and most expensive pilot ever made in the history of the network, and Gen Roddenberry didn't want to leave everyone. wasting that effort and expense, with the result that this truly classic Star Trek episode, which "The Cage" puts in a frame story that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this ghost story, is a landmark in TV history and one of the first truly serious sci-fi stories ever filmed for the small screen. Star Date 3012: The USS Enterprise leads to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock received an urgent message from the former Enterprise Commander. Surprisingly, the message cannot be from Captain Pike, as he is now limited to a wheelchair, dumb and terribly upset after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase commander Commodore Mendez attempted to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter could be cleared up, deprived - for reasons still unknown - of an act of open mutiny, kidnapping the helpless Captain Pike and the Enterprise hijacking through a brilliant thoughtful and timely plan that is assisted by some Vulcan nerve buttons. Soon the Enterprise is heading for the remote, forbidden planet of Talos IV. Mendez notifies Kirk that Talos IV is under interdiction, and any contact with the planet by Star Fleet vessels or personnel carries an immediate death sentence, which means Spock deliberately destroys him and Kirk, as the Captain will be held responsible. for the activities of the ship. Appalled, Kirk and Mendez hunt in a vessel, which itself becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or pick up the vessel until power and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - knows that Kirk must be the one who follows the ship - of course can't send the Captain to certain death. After ordering the truck and bombarding the residents, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy, claiming to be arrested after setting the starship on an irreversible course to Talos IV. Kirk asks for an explanation, after which Spock urged a court by a Star Fleet commanding officer - three of whom are on board - Mendez, Kirk and the paralyzed, ungraded Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Star Fleet regulations enables him to manipulate the tribunal to allow him to otherwise present unacceptable evidence. Spock offers video recordings of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the residents of Talos IV - a trip taken 13 years earlier by the Enterprise itself under Pike's command. Kirk declares doubt about the authenticity of the video because of his extreme details, but the reality of the events being portrayed is confirmed by Pike himself, who seems to have been lured to Talos IV by an emergency call from the alleged survivors of A Federation research vessel that crashed there 18 years ago. Among the survivors is Vina, a beautiful beauty said he was born just before the disaster. The pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to lure him into a secluded spot, after which he is taken away by the Talosians, a breed of androgenic humanoids with enormous cranial capacity and the power to put thoughts into the virtual reality. After Pike's catch, the rest of the "survivors" disappear as none of them really existed except Vina. The episode ends when the tribunal learns that Spock's "evidence" is actually transferred to the Enterprise directly from Talos IV, in contravention of Star Fleet regulations. Star Fleet orders an immediate stop to the broadcasts, and we wonder what will happen next ... To continue with an overview of "The Menagerie: Part II"!
