The Menagerie parts one and two were the only 2 parties during the 3-year race of the original Trek series and that was because Roddenberry could place most of the footage of the 1st pilot "The Cage". The move was made out of necessity, to combat deadline problems to get episodes (such a sf show in the 1960s was a bother to be on time). One positive outcome was that the audiences, unaware of the pilot who were produced almost a few years earlier, were treated to a whole new crew and captain for these two episodes, in addition to the regular characters, as if producers had spent twice. have the money on these episodes to present a TV epic that spans a dozen years of Star Fleet history (although they still used the terms like "United Space Fleet" in these early episodes). <br /> <br /> The rotten story begins as a Space mystery plot: the business is being transferred to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is a suspect in this shenanigans. Surprisingly, although McCoy even makes the fact that Spock's Vulcan heritage is impossible, it is impossible for Spock to do a little battered scheme to Shanghai, our precious star ship, and now kidnap his former captain, Pike. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or is he not crazy? It may be good because he drives Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so limited that it is the only known death penalty on Star Fleet's books. When the gig is up, there is a wonderful scene of Spock surrendering to a flabberg-style McCoy, as Uhura looks in shock. Even Kirk, usually stable as captain, shouldn't know what to do about his first officer's illogical behavior. <br /> <br /> In the third and final acts, we begin Capt's transferable images of a 13-year mission of Die Enterprise. Pike was ordered and Spock was one of his officers. We really don't know where it goes and what Spock hopes to achieve - and that's another thing that makes a lot of good 2 parties - we really need to find out what it's about in the 2nd part. Not only has Spock encountered severe penalties, but Kirk's career seems to be over. Dual danger, people. It is also the first television episode to feature one of those craft (no one was available in the "The Enemy Within" when the craft was really needed). There is also one of those neat carpet paintings to convey the atmosphere of a futuristic star base - this was the only way to visualize such things. Eventually, look at Kirk's sneaky approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, doing things sideways on him as the story progresses.
