Oh, dear. Another example of "Oireland" and religion. We will undoubtedly see a little indifferent nonsense, with a few "hunting and macho freedom fighters" from the IRA. Well, that was my first reaction when the credits started, but just over half an hour later I was in a state of shock. What a wonderful movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the wedding between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a slight problem because they are getting married in the Catholic Church and that is Sheila is a Protestant but Sheila takes a pledge that her children will be educated Catholic and attend Catholic school when they are "Old enough. The story - set in the 1950s - then jumps ahead a few years when the Cloney girls are about to start school, but Sheila has decided to attend the local Protestant school for the aversion to local priest, Father Stafford. From there, things are escalating. Let me put my cards on the table and say that although I have both Irish Catholic and Scottish Protestant heritage, I was educated as an agnostic and regarded myself as an atheist in my adult life. In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. A love covered show what happens when self-appointed moral guardians take it upon themselves to tell others what to think and believe. May I have the courage to say that if Karl Marx saw this movie, would he love it and call it a masterpiece? Perhaps since the drama of this story I should not show what happens when other people think about you <br /> <br /> In response to the few reviewers who claim this movie, propaganda of the worst kind I am do not claim the exact details of what happened in County Wexford, and it is not denied that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as the bad guys, but Sheila is not innocent. Think of a woman living in a rural town in the 1950s. Ireland, which promises to train its children as Catholics, changes its mind and believes there will be no consequences. This is a warning against taking promises and not keeping them. Not only that, but she disappears to let other people pick up the bits of their crushed lives. There is also something that no one else picked up and it is that the only character with any moral sense is the former IRA man Andy Bailey who is considered a fool because he was a former IRA member. It makes a change. We are not talking about the devil's own here, but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself <br /> <br /> Sharing a love is a wonderful movie that has a lot to itself. say what I agree with. If there is any criticism, it feels too much like a TVM rather than a movie film, but believes I can live with it and is essential for anyone who believes religion is the opium of the masses.
