I never fail to be surprised and dismayed by the evil that has been placed in the name of religion in the history of the world and it seems as if the allegations of the Catholic Church in the Twentieth Century Ireland are right there near the top. that the wisdom of history and modern times would have had some disillusionment. <br /> <br /> A love split is the story of a true family affected by ignorant intolerance and prejudice in the name of a rude church doctrine. At the beginning of the film, a bucolic life is seen in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married to two young children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no harm to their children as a Catholic. There is no sign of any hostility between the Catholics and Protestants in the town. The peaceful and loving relationships are soon broken when Sheila wants to attend their older child at the Protestant school. The local priest takes it upon himself to ban this "sin". She soon turned to Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the town, as well as her father, the local dairy farmer. In an act of challenge and despair, Sheila kidnapped her two daughters and fled the area. <br /> <br /> Special note should be given to Orla Brady who plays Sheila. She gives a very powerful show in which the viewer is drawn to the emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of a man she loves very much to express her fiery desire to self-relate to the pressure of the business. establish. On an equal footing, Liam Cunningham plays Sean because he gives a realistic portrait of a man who is not as complex as his wife who is torn between his love for her and the influence of the church and community. <br /> <br /> As a fiction, this movie would be a compelling and interesting drama. Considering this is true, it turns into a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and the village have never fully recovered from the events that took place there. It took nearly half a century for the Church to recognize its negative role in the events. Although Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they never fully restored what was done to them by religious leaders and their fellow citizens. . <br /> <br /> Whether it denies the basic education rights of choice, crash aircraft into buildings, women's subjects, entire races, or merely torture and murder, our people certainly have the ability to use religion as " a powerful negative force in our society.
