This will require Shakespeare's beauty and eloquence to do justice to this outstanding movie. Yet I will give it a turn. <br /> <br /> As far as Hamlet's adaptations are concerned, this one is already at a better starting point than any other version, as it includes the entire play. Yet, it's not a guarantee for a first-rate movie, or even a good one. Usually, I'm not much for left-over movies and the trend that prevails in Hollywood today is that it should be at least two hours, preferably three, hopefully it won't last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand such an extensive exploration and can cut a bit. Making a four hour movie and keeping it interesting is not a small business, but Kenneth Branagh pulls it off with flying colors. He managed to make a very long movie, no longer looks like any ordinary movie. I was totally excited from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The movie is great with Kenneth Branagh himself as the painful prince who gives a strong and memorable performance. He manages his feelings admiringly through his voice and one does not have to be an expert on Shakespeare verse to catch the many emotions inside him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I have to say. I didn't know what to expect. I've always liked her as an actor, but she wasn't sure she could play Shakespeare. Well, she certainly wiped out all doubts with her performance. She's the best Ophelia I've seen so deeply in character and was just wonderful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi like Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio to name but a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some internationally-known stars to play in some of the small roles; I especially enjoyed the sparring between Hamlet and the digger by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> Setting up the play in the 19th century gives a welcome change to the usually dismal Gothic institutions. It's generally much lighter than other versions I've seen, more colorful and cute, but it doesn't detract from the play of the play. It is exceptional, stylish and aesthetically pleasing, a definite delight to the eye and other senses. The music by Patrick Doyle is, as always, magical and thoroughly in keeping with the movie. One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after seeing it. I'm shocked and horrified that this beautiful artwork hasn't won an Oscar for the best picture, even more so because it wasn't even nominated. There is no way that a better movie was made that year, or any other year for that matter. It's as close to perfection as you can hope for. <br /> <br /> In short, a beautiful work of pure genius and I can't see how anyone can bowl it. My hat is to you Mr. Branagh.
