William Shakespeare will be very proud of this particular version of his play. Not only is it the best movie version, but it is also the only full version of Hamlet. Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet is simply genius. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because it had the trouble to do the whole thing, even though it took just over four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plan to avenge his father's death, so I won't go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of this Hamlet version is not the stunning sets or the beautiful photography, but the actors' interpretations of every character. I doubt you will get a better Polonius than Richard Briers' beautiful portrayal. In addition, you can't miss out on Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. Also, Derek Jacobi, a regular under Shakespeare adaptation is wonderful as the antagonist of Hamlet. <br /> <br /> Of course we should talk about Kenneth Branagh. He dedicated audiences when he came to the scene with his first outing with Shakespeare, Henry V. He conquered him with Hamlet. Sure, Olivier's presence was fascinating, but I think Branagh's performance is wonderful. If you watch him on the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare played the role. How he wasn't nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least the movie received a few nominations and even a strange choice for the screenplay. I think they know good writing if they already see it. <br /> <br /> All in all, you'll never find a more rich and cute production of the Bard's best scene. To say that the technical aspects were awesome would be an understatement. If you like this play and are a Shakespeare fan, you should definitely watch this movie. Even if you don't really care for Shakespeare, the footage will keep you for the duration of the movie. You may not think you can sit through it all at once, but you will soon notice that the break will stop this break, so you want to see it even more.
