Many people don't think Branagh's Hamlet movie is so good, but I have to admit I think it's great. Like almost every production of Shakespeare, it has problems and it has to make difficult choices, not all that work out. The thing about the "secret doors everywhere", for example, simply doesn't work. The element never reaches the ominous sense of metaphor or analogy that it tries, which causes the play to be too lazy and lose the brand's sense of a thousand mysteries. This is the biggest problem with this production. And while it's a biggie, I'm also inclined to say it's the only problem. Almost everything works absolutely beautiful. Okay, so Branagh is a mite too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. And he sometimes gets too hysterical. But that's it. No other complaints. Even with these errors, I think this version is a unique one, and if it's not as powerful a drama as it should be, it's actually the literary work that should be the same. We get the full text of the longest version of the play. It is innovative and extremely screened, mostly expressed in perfect and modern and highly understandable voices - even if they sometimes speak too fast to convey the massive text. But at one stage of Shakespeare it is simply not possible to talk slowly enough to the audience to appreciate the full depth of the language. For that you must obscure the printed versions of the plays. <br /> <br /> All the actors of this release are simple and concise and directly classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best ever, and even American actors are amazing, especially. Charlton Heston as the Player King - who would have thought that ?! (A story goes around that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when a critic in the front row could not act his hammie and said out loud: "It's terrible!" Heston fired from the scene: Well , I didn't write this crap! "Of course this may not be true, but it's a funny story. And if that's true, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here.) Robin Williams if Young Ozric is perhaps not young enough for the part, but it makes it a comical one that's fair. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very well-produced version, with most of the key scenes , in my mind, highly memorable, of course I watched this movie, just as I was interested in Shakespeare (and about the same time as Luhrmann's formidable Romeo + Juliet), and that made me a big impression. some of my love br /> <br /> All the things I consider should I recognize Branagh's Hamlet as my favor , with Derek Jacobi's 1980 version a short second. I probably like Branagh's Shakespeare work more than most, and find him an expert interpreter and popularizer, with an attractive informal attitude to the words and a deep and appropriate and unashamed enthusiastic appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare acting, the two brightest fixtures Olivier and Branagh remain, and while Olivier is the superior actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare off the pedestal of snobbery and artifice and transforms it into the transverse, easy, populist worldliness while at risk nothing of his dignity comes. Branagh, I believe, brings out a warmer Shakespeare than the world still saw. <br /> <br /> So, 10 out of 10 for an absolutely awesome Hamlet.
