When I first read Hamlet, I couldn't help but think of the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler laid down the play for how uncertain he was and said, "Give me Romeo any day." Five acts of a man trying to decide whether to kill his uncle or not? Looks like leftovers for me. But with further reading, I grew to really appreciate the play. I saw the Olivier and Gibson movie versions (and part of the Nicol Williamson version), and everyone takes their model from Olivier; the melancholy. Olivier did it at least without being over it, but Gibson and what I saw, Williamson, looked like they were looking at the "Look, Ma, I!" school. <br /> <br /> Here comes Kenneth Branagh's version, which is breathtaking from start to finish. It was on my top ten of 1996 (behind the ENGLISH PATIENT, and before LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, each of me told me that I love you, with a story, big night and looking for Richard) and this is the best Hamlet, and perhaps the best Shakespeare, to be played. Clearly, Branagh's talents as a movie maker, making the full version, are in 70mm print, not losing our interest for four hours, but are well under discussion in this movie seen, his performance is in the title role. This was by far my favorite performance of the year by far. Branagh avoids the melodrama that actors seem to get caught up by playing Hamlet as a normal, regular person, and lets us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, who was mostly dependent on his voice, Branagh uses his entire body to demonstrate the variety of emotions that Hamlet is going through, but as he normally plays, it doesn't seem to be cold. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also up. I didn't even think of Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he was the worst member of the cast. The most surprising turn came from Charlton Heston; I always got him stiff as a board, but he is well known as the Player King. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I'd find him wrong as the 1st Gravedigger, but he was his usual funny self while in character. All in all, a glorious movie!
