It was the second of two filmed "Hamlets" in the nineties. The first was Franco Zeffirelli's, starring Mel Gibson, from 1990. Zeffirelli's version, such as Laurence Olivier of 1948, was based on a shortened version of the play, with many Shakespeare's original text being cut. (I've never seen Tony Richardson's 1969 version, but if it took less than two hours, shorter than Zeffirelli's, I assume it was shortened too). Kenneth Branagh was trying to make something more ambitious - a movie based on the full text of the play, with a running time of about four hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry V" Branagh Olivier's crown as cinema's leading Shakespearean, which claims his claim with his brilliant "Many Ado on Nothing", is a rare example of a good movie based on a Shakespeare comedy. "Hamlet" was his third Shakespeare film director (he also acted as Iago in Oliver Parker's 1995 "Othello") and, as expected, is very different from "Many Ado ??." The previous film, shot in a villa in the hills of Tuscany and the beautiful surrounding countryside, is a joyous summer movie about everything that makes life worthwhile. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet" the depths of winter. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death indicate that Shakespeare himself thought of the action being done in summer). The appearance of the film is particularly striking, both cute and cold. It was filmed in Blenheim Palace, possibly England's most grandiose stately home, but also a conditional ban. The snow outside scenes are cold and wintery; The interior is formal and expanded. The action is updated until the middle of the nineteenth century; The female characters wear the elaborate fashions of that era, while chiefs usually wear beautiful military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, where both interiors and costumes are deliberately struck). The play is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Branagh's intention was to contrast a beautiful surface with the underlying 'something rotten in Denmark'. <br /> <br /> The movie is striking for the large number of big actors, some of them very small roles. (Shiny, and you may miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Apparently, an all-star cast was demanded by the production company, which was nervous about a four-hour movie. Some of the Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams' Osric, have not really come across, but others, like Charlton Heston's Player King or Billy Crystal's first digger, played their parts very well. Yorick, usually seen as a skull, is seen in the jump, played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who plays characters on a regular basis, is thrown against the ghost, and makes the screens in which he looks scary. <br /> <br /> Some of the main characters were perhaps the worst Kate Winslet's Ophelia. Branagh's leading lady in his first two Shakespeare films was his former wife, Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I found that Thompson was thrown into the roll; Although Winslet herself came into the Ophelia's crazy scene, she was poor in the earlier where her character is still healthy. (I chose Helena Bonham Carter in Zeffirelli's version). Richard Briers plays Polonius with a greater dignity than he is often given, a wise and experienced counselor rather than an old old fool. Julie Christie also brings dignity to Gertrude's role; There is no attempt here, as with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, to suggest a turbulent attachment between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that is more due to Freud than it does to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is big enough to be credible as mother and son, which was certainly not the case with Close and Gibson. (Olivier's Gertrude, Eileen Herlie, was bizarre, thirteen years younger than he). <br /> <br /> Branagh said his intention to restore that scene, which is often cut into movie versions, was to "reinforce the idea that playing is about national as well as domestic tragedy." stress is placed on war with Norway and Norwegian prince Fortinbras - a subplot completely ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on the national tragedy may be best shown in the character of Claudius, sometimes as a one-dimensional villain. There is something about Derek Jacobi's performance, which suggests that Claudius might have been a good man under different circumstances, but that he had been wandering himself through ambition and desire. He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother, but chose to rule as a bad king. Although he is guilty of being guilty, he can see nothing to compensate for the evil he has done. <br /> <br /> Branagh, a wonderfully flowing speaker of Shakespeare's verse, is immensely featured. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old concept of Hamlet as indecisive, passive and melancholy. She is an active, physical, energetic Hamlet, best shown in his deadly duel with Laertes. His guiding principle is not worldly despair, but an active aversion to evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> It was a game for Branagh to make a four-hour episode, and the movie didn't perform well at the box office. However, it has been praised by many critics, James Berardinelli is extremely enthusiastic. My own opinion is that, regardless of the financial return, Branagh's play has paid off in artistic terms. By concentrating on the full text, he could bring out the full meaning and full emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex game. When I reviewed his "Many Ado", I said it was the biggest movie of a Shakespeare comedy. His "Hamlet" may be the biggest film of a Shakespeare tragedy. 10/10
