The image of movie studios that are financially driven rather than creative is not without the truth (in fact, it is more true than false). This is why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a complete, unhealthy version of "Hamlet" with his full creative control. Of course, Branagh had to agree on any concessions (a star-studded cast and a 2.5-hour release for wider release), but why would the movie study allow Branagh to spend money on a 4-hour version that they knew few people would see? Could they have, at least in this case, had enough respect for the material and Branagh's vision of creating something for just a few people? It's not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, it's a glorious vision for those who are willing to spend four hours looking at "Hamlet". Everyone knows the story, so I won't spend much time on it. However, unlike other productions of the play, including the stage, it is a completely uncut production, which has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never meant that the play should be produced intact, and the decision to be included at the director's discretion should be made. That said, I have no doubt he could see it, but the Bard would be happy with Branagh's production. <br /> <br /> The movie is overweight with movie stars, although most are just a few parts. Everyone plays their parts equally well. I would have thought Branagh is too old to play the part of Hamlet, and while he is still, his performance is more than that. Hamlet is a complex part, showing every emotion of sadness, happiness to madness and everything in between. Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi is wonderful like the sloppy Claudius, whose deception and betrayal bring all these things into motion; his unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, Hamlet's caring mother, doesn't realize what's going on until late in the game. <br /> <br /> The classic actors are thrown into pieces (Judi Dench is for everyone in 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, no one takes it to heart; Everyone gives them all, and it shows. Special mention should be made to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a little too stupid, but he is not bad (his part is pretty small anyway). <br /> <br /> However, it's definitely Branagh's performance. He adapted one of the most famous plays in history, and he embarked on a project whale; It is impressive that he did it, but the fact that the film is so good is a monumental achievement. What I really like about this movie is that you should not be a Shakespeare scholar to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and his role players understand it. "Hamlet" is still very pleasant to just sit and listen to the actors, deliver the brilliant dialogue and excellent acting. <br /> <br /> It's a must have for everyone and everyone. It can be four hours long, but it's definitely worth it.
