First, what I didn't like. The acting wasn't really the Hamlet standard. Branagh was really over-the-top and called a lot. In my opinion, the actors who were not big names generally did a better job; although I except Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And also Charlton Heston, but I wasn't sure if he was being a hack.) Many of the ambiguities in the play were resolved aside in flashbacks. <br /> <br /> What I think a lot of talk about in this game's favor is that it's accessible. Shakespeare is difficult to understand for the vast majority of people nowadays; many people are not even inclined to try, because of its reputation as serious literature and its archaic English. If they see this movie, they will understand at least one man's interpretation of the play. They will see it more if Shakespeare's audiences saw it: a play with swords and fights, mighty kings and eagles, murder and incest and evil schemes and ghosts - and good art, if one cares, but in Shakespeare's day Most did not, more than most people do now. Branagh's persecution and forcing his interpretation of the story on the viewer can diminish Shakespeare's art, but it is better that modern audiences get a piece of it rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> I'm "I have to say one more thing. Some people complain that "it's in the 19th century and it wasn't Shakespeare's time". Well, in Shakespeare's time, their costume and scenery were the day of their own play. Shakespeare may have said it is in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or whatever, but he did not dress his characters as they were, he used the costumes of his own time. For the same reason, his plays are full of anachronisms. For example, in King John the English and French cannons - in Robin Hood's day. In Julius Caesar they speak of chimneys that will not be invented for another thousand years. In Henry IV they talk about Machiavelli, which has not even been born. So I think this objection is stupid - you can just complain that the play is not in Danish (after all they live in Denmark?).
