Still from school-going age, and Shakespeare almost constant for the past four years (which is a lot of author, no matter how good), I didn't really expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher didn't put it on; I thought it would be the typical English lesson: bad acting, terribly shot, poorly edited and the dreaded terrible old dialogue. So, as you can say, I was ready to get off the road in a coma. However, I watched and, until I save, I not only paid attention, but I also enjoyed the movie. This production of Hamlet is probably one of the best drama movies I've seen long ago - and that really brings to life what I expect Shakespeare wants his plays to be (well, with the difference being cinema) much better as my English teacher who was hanging over the text could ever. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is far from boring (though a little difficult to keep up with using Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are performed with a skill that you wouldn't want. don't expect; mainly, perhaps, because of the staggering number of cameos this movie has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as big as you expect these two veterans to be even in such small parts, but it's Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the Gravedigger who really stands out and such small parts give an unexpected sest, as well as offering a comic relief amidst the tragedy. <br /> <br /> Of course, the main stars are great too. Kenneth Branagh glorifies as Hamlet, not only the confusion and pain needed to play the role, but also a kind of sardonic air that plays beautifully in the comic scene, making the film as a whole more viewable. The other big players are also good, but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands the head and shoulders above the rest in the title role. <br /> <br /> The chapters are also beautiful and give a refreshing change to the cheerful old castle corridors we see in Shakespeare productions, as well as a real feel of the country around them. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie, taken as a movie in its own right, is not without errors, but not headlines (the pacing is the only real problem I can think of from outside, as well as the prose for anyone who was not used to, as I said, Shakesperean language) and especially compared to the kind of Shakespeare productions I am used to seeing in class, this is really brilliant. It even reminded me of my previous typical teenage attitude on Shakespeare, that his plays are boring (I have come to the conclusion that these are not boring plays, just the teachers quote them in class). If they just made all his plays in movies like this one, English students in schools can have a higher opinion of the Bard everywhere. <br /> <br /> Overall 7/10
