What an ambitious project, Kenneth Branagh, has undertaken here and how well it is realized! This is the first filmed version of 'Hamlet' to use the full text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh didn't do it just because it was "there." His intention was to make the drama accessible and understandable to the general viewer, without immersing it. In return, he asks viewers to do some work themselves, a fair proposal and one that is a bargain. <br /> <br /> The environment is a generic 19th century European one and it does more than work well, it holds a modern or antique appearance of possibly distracting the work itself. The production design and cinematography and both outstanding, which help amazingly if you watch a four-hour movie. Branagh's refusal is again inspired and the acting is like that. The direction reaches the heavy task of making it a movie rather than a luxury version of a play. Since so much of 'Hamlet' is based on domestic monologue and there are relatively few twins, battles, etc., this can be a challenging task. But everything Branagh is trying to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actor / writer / directors, if not always the best, as he has his big hit with "Henry V." made. "One thing I had with him was what I saw as a tendency to get it up sometimes. In his portrayal of Hamlet here he can be accused of it, but there is a method at work. Let's look at it, "Hamlet" is not an easy job for the average person to understand, and if anyone has never seen it, he or she needs help, even though they have read the play. Hamlet has the most lines of any Shakespeare character and Branagh makes sure his viewers know what this man thinks and feels through the movie, even if you don't know the literal meaning of each of the above words. This show by Branagh was at least worthwhile for an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other outstanding performances here, it's almost too much to mention, but some of them need to be recognized. Derek Jacobi and Claudius are wonderful, but even when he comes to the awarding of praise, he even takes Kate Winslet back. Her depiction of Ophelia is wonderful in his depth of feeling, but more outstanding with the knowledge that she was only about 20 years old! She looks like me the best young actress. Other top performers in no particular order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney, and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. Honest mention goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who succeed in doing his thing. Even Billy Crystal works as a digger. The one cast member who is not inexplicable is Jack Lemmon. In the very open scene, he appeared, and while the other three actors did a good job of drafting the tense mood, Lemmon sounded like he was only doing a favor in rehearsal. You know it must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, as everything else about the movies screams that it is the work of a perfectionist. <br /> <br /> Not to be faced with talking about a four-hour movie, but it just looks a little too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go a little, if I can be so brave, and a little prudent pruning will be welcome. <br /> <br /> Did I forget anything except Patrick Doyle's score? No doubt I did. I would just sum it up by saying that Kenneth Branagh could make the definitive movie version of 'Hamlet' and it will be a truly monumental production this one top.
