Moonchild is a very difficult movie to categorize. It is easiest to think of as several snapshots of the lives of the two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang that is in the near future in a multicultural city and that one of them is a vampire does not prevent them from having moments like any other, and that is one of the places where this movie is different from anything else I've ever heard. It's not wrapped up in the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something that needs to be addressed, like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic. There are embarrassing family members and tricks that are meant to look cool, which just don't work. It leaves the film with a beautiful sense not to take too seriously. <Br /> <br /> The other area that really showed me is the languages. The fictional city of Mallepa contains several cultural groups, and characters speak the language they are expected of them to speak. Japanese gangsters speak Japanese to each other, but Chinese when talking to characters of Chinese descent. Perhaps the most entertaining exchange is an Australian and is presented in English. The actors of the four likely main characters have three different mother tongues between them and speak varying levels of each other's languages, so it's quite a thing that the movie is not made at all. What is meant by me brings me to the lead actors. <br /> <br /> Much has been made of the fact that the movie stars two of Japan's biggest rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwan's superstar Lee-hom Wang, whether they are praising them for their performances or criticize it or just talk to them. According to me, Lee-him is best at playing a straight and realistic character. However, any lack of acting abilities on Gackt's part is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays tends to be too dramatic. I wasn't sure if Hyde's character had to be as heavy and sarcastic as he'd noticed, but it didn't really touch the movie. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that are rather melodramatic turns, which made it difficult to affect me very emotionally (although not many people). I found it best to just enjoy the movie for what it is and not take it too seriously. It's perfect to get out and see with a group of friends. It does have its faults, but overall it was very enjoyable and I recommend it to anyone who doesn't give a few subtitles.
