The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi sees a move away from Poe and in the kingdom of the science fiction series. Karloff plays dr. Janos Rukh, creator of a device that can capture light rays through his telescope in the Carpathian mountains and translates it into pictures that form a visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> For various guests, including Lugosi as dr. Benet, an astrochemist who previously mocked Rukh's theories, demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called "Radium X", contained in a meteor which fell to Earth in the darkest Africa a thousand years ago has. . Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a difficult compound - it hides long distances, and heals blindness at a short distance. However, Rukh is indifferent and poisoned himself, glowing in the dark, rather than those old Ready Breck ads! Dr Benet is on hand to devise a counteractive for the radiation, but the combination of poison and healing drives Rukh badly paranoid. He's convinced he's been deceived. He is looking for members of the expedition in Paris, including his estranged wife, and she becomes very concerned while in his radioactive state death means ... <br /> <br /> Along the way we get the old pseudo-scientific idea that a dead's eyes take up the image of their killer (a remarkably clear Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to melt symbols statues representing the expedition members. And even a touch of James Whale in a cockney hospital in Paris! <br /> <br /> The invisible Ray is very nice, apart from the Gothic opening, it is interesting to see that Universal is moving around Africa and Paris. The film lacks fit, but always absorbs. Karloff slightly surprised his performance, but Lugosi is great. Universal once again used the basic story outline in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as the glowing threat (this time due to electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a very madder doctor than Lugosi is here. The Invisible Ray is a gloomy and clever little movie with lots to admire. Not as well known as other Universal Horrors, perhaps, but it works and is very entertaining.
