Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi are more than enough reason for any genre lover to be a movie, and even though the most convincing one is not the only reason to watch this particular Sci-Fi / Horror jewel. While Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" of 1936 did not shine other contemporary films with Karloff (Frankenstein, "Bride Of Frankenstein", "The Mummy," ...) or Lugosi ("White Zombie", "Island of the lost souls "," Dracula ", ...), or both (" The Black Cat "," The Raven "...), it is undoubtedly a highly entertaining film that should not consider cult bio biomass Compared to other Universal Horror photos seem a bit silly, but in a beautiful way. Of course, Karloff and Lugosi always pour, and the film also comes from great scenes and excellent photography. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to look past a telescope, finds out that a meteorite hit the earth thousands of years ago. Surprised by Rukh's invention, the well-known French scientist dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) invites him to join an expedition to find the meteorite. In Africa, Rukh makes a discovery that is capable of causing great benevolence and great destruction. It is somewhat strange that Karloff, who was actually British, plays a Hungarian scientist here while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but they are both excellent as usual. As for me, these two Horror Deities could have been filmed to read the phone book, and I'm sure they would have made something out of it - or the man is an icon of the Horror genre and to see them together " A treat for every fan of the genre. Incidentally, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is clear that Lugosi was actually longer than Karloff. Frances Drake makes a very good female lead in her role of dr. Rukh's beautiful young woman. The rest of the performances are also good if it is not worth mentioning. Apart from the casting of Karloff and Lugosi, the film's greatest features are probably the atmosphere of great settings and photography, as well as the wonderful cheese-like and highly entertaining story. My main complaint is that I wanted more screen time for Lugosi, and that his role would be a bit more meaningful. He is fantastic as always, but his role could have been bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderful entertaining movie that every lover of classic Horror / Sci-Fi theater must meet, and a must-see for all my fellow Lugosi / Karloff fans.
