The best-remembered 30-year-old horror movies are always like Dracula and Frankenstein; and there is a very good reason for this, but there were a number of smaller but excellent productions, and The Invisible Ray is definitely one of them. The plot is not very original and similar plots have been seen many times before (even back in 1936), but the way everything is merged is definitely very imaginative and director Lambert Hillyer created a very small, original horror movie. The plot focuses on the good heart Dr Janos Rukh; a man who has discovered a way to recreate the history of the earth. His discovery led him to believe that somewhere in Africa there could be an unknown radioactive element, and therefore he went with a team of valued colleagues to find it. However, tragedy ceases during the expedition and the good doctor eventually gets exposed to the element; which makes him glow in the dark, and also makes him angry ... <br /> <br /> The biggest sign of the film is undoubtedly the fact that it dies the two biggest horror stars of his day - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi , and both offer excellent performances. Karloff really shows what a good actor he is and his character has a lot of meat for Karloff to impress with. Bela Lugosi has a role that is very different from what we see him, and it is also a good thing for him. It is nice to see a little versatility of Lugosi. The movie is not going to slow down quite a bit; but things start to pick up soon. The second half of the movie is the best and it's really when the movie gets exciting and Karloff gets a chance to shine (literally). The film does not focus on great special effects, largely relying on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; and it works very well. The film continues to be interesting and comes down to a very decent climax that adds up to everything. Overall, the invisible Ray may not be one of the best horror movies of the thirties; but this is a very good one and come recommended.
