Well, notice the people who compose these horror-active legends. DVD Collections: I am truly grateful and support the initiative, but? Have you watched all the movies before choosing them as part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films in which the star played only a supporting and unimportant role ("The Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). However, the "Invisible Ray" is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here it is Boris Karloff who overshadows Bela! It would actually have been a good title for the Boris Karloff collection! Bela Lugosi's character is probably the most benevolent and serious he has ever portrayed in his career and good Karloff actually plays the crazy and dangerously obsessed scientist here. The "Invisible Ray" contains three main chapters. The first one in dr. Janos Rukh's Carpathian Castle is pretty sowing and demanding much of the viewer's patience, but of course the character drawings and topic discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the movie. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to some prominent colleagues (including Bela Lugosi and Dr Benet) how he could capture extraterrestrial rays in a self-manufactured device. The scientists are genuinely impressed with his work and invite Rukh and his beautiful wife Diane for an expedition in the heart of Africa. There is Dr. Rukh, who isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical jet and is completely bonkers after crossing the meteorite himself. The third and final act is, of course, the best and most gruesome, as it turns on a good old fashioned deadly spree, with ingenious gimmicks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff glows in the dark and, convinced the other is stealing his discovery and even his life, he intends to eliminate them using his deadly touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" sounds rather complicated, but the movie is easy to follow and entertain. The story is rather far-fetched, but compelling and director Lambert Hillyer offers several moments of pure tension. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and so is Lugosi, although he has earned a little more screen time. Their scenes are the highlights of the film, along with the funky images of the glowing Boris.
