Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many movies, but in general (interestingly enough) Karloff is usually the better man of the two. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934) where Karloff plays the evil head of a devil's cult, and Lugosi seeks revenge on him to destroy his life. But more usually, "Black Friday", where (whatever his motive) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a murderous thief. In "The Ravens" Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who chlorine Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff finally had enough. Rarely are they both negative characters altogether. In 'The Body Snatcher', Karloff Lugosi kills, but Lugosi tries to extort him. <br /> <br /> The one exception where both of them are very sympathetic, but in cross-purpose with each other is this 1936 movie I feel rarely accepted by some of the other movies I mentioned. In it Karloff's dr. Janos Rukh a hard-driven scientific genius cut by the "official scientific community" for his theory that a rare form of Radium in Nigeria is on a meteorite landing centuries ago. He finally got the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife, Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet ( Lugosi), Rukh's young wife Diane (Frances Drake) and a friend and protégée of the Stevenses named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before they leave, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he might seek wisdom. He should not and it may end in the tragedy. He tries to dismiss it, but he is worried about what she says, his scientific status, and whether he will get his credit. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds the substance, but is infected by his remarkable radioactivity. He finds that he is burning slowly, and if he tries to kill people or animals, they die. He actually built up a friendship or understanding with Benet, depicting a kind of radioactive sundowner who uses Rukh to counter the danger. But there are two things that are unbeaten here. The antidote can only last for a certain amount of time and must be supplemented. And radioactivity influenced Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unhappy by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he is equally upset that (due to his claim to be dead - the effects of radioactivity) Benet and various others collect the kudos of the miracles that "Radium X" gives to man. Soon, Rukh is on a murderous rampage that destroys many lives and ends with his own. <br /> <br /> The movie certainly took up some science. Madame Curie recently died of cancer she received from working with Radium. Little had fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but an idea came out. The wave of murders by Rukh causes the newspapers to talk about a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "cursed" expedition (in continental Africa) for a hidden treasure buried centuries ago, funded by a titled Englishman, our archeology did not enter physics or geology (paging Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to establish the cause of the deadly rope and return to an idea actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles warned Warren to photograph the retinas of several of the victims to see if the last image on the retinas was Jack the Ripper. It appears that he has only the photos of the dead prostitutes. But the idea didn't die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Chicken" in 1899, and here Dr Benet uses it. As it is a science fiction story, he finds the image of Rukh on the board, but Benet accidentally drops the board and breaks it. <br /> <br /> The movie is good on many grounds, the most interesting being for a Change Karloff and Lugosi are not sympathetic to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing from their other films. The other performances are also good, especially Ms Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as Basil Rathbone's scary sister (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Here, her final act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say it has no longer hurt her as to her target.
