There is no doubt that the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi during the decade of the 30s were a guarantee of excellent performances in high quality horror movies. After becoming Universal's first monster in the classic classic "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became the distinctive horror jar, thanks to his elegant style and his strange accent. Unfortunately, this last factor would have stolen him in the 40's. ). Similarly, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's Frankenstein turned him into a man to look for when he wanted a good monster. Of course, it was only natural that these icons split the screen, and the movie they unified was in 1934's "The Black Cat". This formula will be repeated in several films over the decade, and director Lambert Hillyer's mix of horror and science fiction, The Invisible Ray, is another of the minor classics they did in those years. <br /> <br /> In "The Invisible Ray", dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device to capture scenes of our planet's past captured in rays of the Andromeda galaxy. Dr Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), while showing his inventions, discovered that thousands of years ago hit a meteor in Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, dr. Rukh to go with his colleagues in an expedition to Africa, looking for the landing site of the mysterious meteorite. This expedition will not be beneficial to Rukh, because during the expedition his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), a knowledgeable hunter brought by Stevens to help them in their expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife in that trip because he will be forever changed after being exposed to the invisible jet of the meteorite. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously did the screenplay for "Werewolf of London"), "The Invisible Ray" originated from an original scientific story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. As it was a movie with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a lot of emphasis on the horror side of his story, he plays in a very effective way with the archaeological scientific archetype and adds a good dose of melodrama to clear things up. One element that makes the "Invisible Ray" stand out among other horror movies of that era is the way Colton plays morality through the story. That is, there are not really heroes and villains in the classical style, but people who make decisions and later face the consequences of the choices. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about obsessions, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> A seasoned director of low-budget B movies, movie maker Lambert Hillyer had the opportunity to make 3 films for Universal Pictures when the legendary studio experienced serious financial difficulties. Thanks to his limited resources experience, Hillyer's films were always great, despite budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was no exception. While not lying anywhere near the attractive Gothic atmosphere of previous Universal horror movies, Hillyer's movie effectively captures the essence of Colton's script. He gives this movie a dark and morbid mood more with pulp novels than with simple sci-fi. Finally, a word should be said about Hillyer's use of special effects: for a very low-budget movie, it looks much better than that in several A-movies of the era. <br /> <br /> As usual in a movie featuring Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of these legends are of exceptional quality. As the main film of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his portrayal of a man so blinded by the dedication to his work that fails to see the evil that he releases. Like his colleague, dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is just a joy to watch, steal every scene he is in and what an underrated actor he was. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake, is extremely effective and helps her become more than a girl in need. Yet two of the film highlights the performances of Kemble Cooper as Mother Rukh, and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as the two actresses make the most of their limited screen time to make their supporting roles unforgettable. Frank Lawton is also good at his role, but nothing surprising compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If one judges this movie under today's standards, it is very easy to dismiss it as another cheap science fiction movie. with bad special effects and carelessly complicated pseudoscience. However, this would be a mistake, because despite the low budget, it was remarkably well done for its time. In addition to the film being made when the core era was underway and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are terribly accurate. One last thing worth pointing out is the interesting way in which the script handles the relationships between characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between the obsessive dr. Rukh and the cold dr. Benet, as it allows big screens between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> Nowhere near the Gothic expressionism of the Frankenstein movies, or the elegant suspension of The Black Cat, Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is definitely a small classic under the Universal Pictures. catalog of horror movies. With one of the most interesting scenes of 30-year-old horror, this mix of excitement, horror and science fiction is a highly underrated jewel that even provides a good dose of entertainment with the sincerity of two of the greatest actors the horror genre ever had it: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
