I'm sure not many people outside Australia have ever heard of Ned Kelly's legend. I once saw a documentary about the man, but that's the only time I ever saw or heard anything about him. And I think that might be the biggest problem this movie will face. Nobody knows about it and probably not many people will care about the subject. <br /> <br /> The movie tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant has lived his entire life in North-West Victoria, but has never been welcomed much by the authorities. The police always accuse him of everything they can think of and they keep his family awkward. When Kelly is full of the way everything goes, he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. They started robbing banks and even hijacking a whole town for 3 days. All this violence leads to a man hunt organized by the police and when they kill three policemen, they are banned. Eventually they took a bar in Glenrowan, where they had a festival with all the visitors, and were waiting for a train full of police to track down part of the track they had torn. But the train can stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is a battle over life and death between the police and the four armed men ... <br /> <br /> It's very difficult to say whether All that is shown in the movie is true or false. I think no one really knows, because there will always be two camps that will tell each one their own truth: one camp says he was a hero, one of Robin Hood, the other said he was an ordinary criminal, a killer and a thief. I really couldn't tell what was right about them, maybe both, but what I can tell you is that the facts in the movie as well as the documentary were about the same. <br /> <br /> This film was a great addition to the documentaries I once saw and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush, are all well-known actresses, but even the lesser-known actors show that they all know what good acting should look like. I really enjoyed this movie and I give it a 7.5 / 10
