After a few weeks ago borrowing this movie from the local library, which was planned to see it only after a few days after Memorial Day, I finally saw Sayonara on Saturday night. In this one, Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, a general's son who is performed in a certain way, who is transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend, Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens), is conveniently located. Before leaving, he tries one of his men, a Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), to break the Japanese woman, Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), as this is a violation of military brotherhood laws. With the romance of him and Eileen on the outside, Ace is not only the best man at Joe and Katsumi's wedding, but he falls to an Asian himself after he and the captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) went out in the town. Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself dates one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen herself looks fine for one of the Kabuki artists, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will immediately stop there and say it was a predominantly compelling drama about the prejudices about American-Asian relations of romance that touches much from beginning to end. Even though Hispanic Montalban is looking to play an Oriental, it's not forgiving (though it's a good thing its part is short). And there are some fine feelings of humor like those of Brando's head that hit the top of Button's and Umeki's inside of the door more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars especially Red with its challenging and proud emotions throughout. Rookie Garner, before being cast into his legendary role on the Marverick television, is good in his scenes with Brando and Miiko. Taka shows great restraint in her initial characterization as an anti-American. While reading there, there were some changes from James Michener's novel. I can't imagine director Josha Logan, who previously adopted another Michener work in the Broadway musical "Southern Pacific" and eventually made it into a movie. Stay true to the original source. He certainly gave some inspiration to the end-scenes that made the earlier tragedy in the film a somewhat necessary plot. Some of the production numbers may have made the movie a bit long, but otherwise, Sayonara was wonderful educational experience over the 50's mores that had penetrated America and Japan at that time.
