There are few movies that left me feeling Gregor Jordan's "Ned Kelly" movie was done. Initially I only heard half-hearted recommendations, and decided to see it for myself. Since then I have acquired the video and soundtrack, and I have to say that I am still very impressed with the underlying character of this film after several shows. It's also great to see something Australian! I appreciate its quality of earth, that if you ask me, there is a rarity, as well as the absence of stickiness that takes away from so many movies. This movie proves that you don't necessarily need costumes and a glamorous set that absorbs millions of dollars to make a point. The cast was a bonus, including a variety of celebrities, and may I add, good people who did well to fall into the role of such unique characters. It is interesting to note that so much of the criticism about this film was about who played and how they said so many lines. However, if there is any criticism, it should constructively focus on the fact that a number of basic elements of the original events are excluded. In fact, it has functioned to make it a feature of Australian history. For example, on closer inspection one can discover that there was much more to the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt and that it was indeed responsible for much more of the final outcomes for the gang than in the movie. Also overlooked was the fact that it was not just Aaron Sheritt's efforts, which gave Victorian police with their insights into the unfolding secret. Yes, this is their interpretation of the story, and it is understandable that true stories require sensation and sometimes change the original plot to grab the viewers' attention. I believe this is the only limitation in this case. However, I can assume that perhaps historical accuracy is only of interest to those who have a particular interest in the realistic events behind a situation. It definitely inspired me to look closer. So, look at it and decide for yourself. You may not like it at all, that's your opinion, and that's right. Perhaps this is a movie that largely appeals to an Australian audience? For me, I call it a fresh air!
