Because of reading bad reviews and telling friends they couldn't believe how bad it was, I didn't watch this movie at the theater. After watching it on DVD, I must say I'm sorry. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I dare say it's a good movie. I enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> People have skulls thicker than Ned's helmet as they go to see a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. When you read the real history behind most movies based on historical figures, there is usually a big difference between the fact and the fictitious depiction. I don't think Ganghis Kahn was ever portrayed near the historical fact. What kind of man Ned Kelly was actually a matter of debate, and it seems to be passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, and stories say so much about those who tell and listen as they do about the real figure themselves. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because he does not represent the aspect of Australian culture that does not accept authority or trust. A society in which there is no division or challenge for authority is crazy and more dangerous than any bush ranger. <br /> <br /> So, if you're not expecting an accurate recreation of the historic Kelly gang, I actually found it surprisingly. uncontrolled and refreshing film. It was sentimental and romantic, but grateful, not like cheese like it could have been; For my fellow Australians, see 'The Lighthorsman' and you will see what I mean (it is a pity how the story was treated so badly). Perhaps the love affair can leave a little more detail in other areas, such as the shooting of the troops. Ironically, I actually enjoy the movie because it will be that detail that most of the focus would be on Ned's story. And they are the details of the story that is best discovered by reading the different views given by the different historians. <br /> <br /> This movie will always be difficult to compromise to call on a global movie market (to pay the pills) and the legend as it does for Australians; Maybe a little bit of Ned's spirit in this movie, because I think it has rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately missed both targets. Fortunately, it made for a fun snooping on a movie. For me, this was an unexpected kind of movie about Ned, and that's why I liked it. Orlando Bloom's performance has also made a lot of the movie - he really added something. I think he'd enjoyed being the monster instead of the pretty elf for a change. <br /> <br /> Watching other movies worse than this one should review your opinion on this movie. Send me it on DVD for Christmas rather than Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River.
