It must have been years after it was released, so don't know why it was at the movie. But as a child I enjoyed it. I just found a VHS band from Superman and the Mole Men at the flea market and decided to watch it again (it's many years). I didn't expect much, now to know how the B movies were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the movie very viewable and the play of all outstanding. Usually acting in these types of movies, leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, writing wasn't bad either. Forget the fact that Superman went from sequence to row and kicked all their buttocks in the beginning, because then the story would have ended, right? OK, the mole costumes were hokey and not very scary (they didn't even scare me as a kid). Awarding the likely low budget for backdrop and costume, but it was well done by everyone. I immediately recognized the sheriff as The Old Ranger of Death Valley Days and many supporting roles in TV westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played old Pop and was always a good supporting actor in more movies than I could count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also well-known faces of other movies. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that King Kong will get? Did you recognize the little one who plays the ball to the mole men like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the mole men were also known. Jerry Maren played Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, the Munchkin who handed Dorothy the lollipop, was on a Seifeld episode and a lot of other work. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, was one of the friends met by the star in Incredible Shrinking Man. He played a role in a movie. I just got lucky at a flea market called My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, Wizard of Oz and many other parts - good actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played in this movie Lois Lane, was wonderful in the part and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a good job of playing the strong man. Bottom line to everything I said is that this movie is worth watching because of the cast and writing in dealing with a nice, fuzzy idea for a movie. But it was the 50's and anything was possible from invaders from outer space to mole men from the inner space. It's definitely worth seeing, there's not a bad actor in the group. Whoever put the joint was very happy to get so many talented actors in a B-type movie. Some already have a lot of experience and some were about to gain a wealth of experience - but everyone was gifted. So if you get a chance to watch the movie, forget about the dopey costumes and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is it a bird? Is this a plane? No, just a good old-fashioned movie to enjoy!
