I watched it on HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during one summer in the mid 90's that my parents subscribed to those channels. I found it several times in different parts and always found it dark, bizarre and fascinating. I was then young in my early teens; And now years later, after discovering the great Arliss Howard and blown away by the "Big Bad Love", I bought the DVD of "Wilder Napalm" and looked it up to me for the first time in many years with my girlfriend . I absolutely loved it! I was really impressed and affected. There are so many dynamic fluid complexities and smartness within camera movements and cinematography; All that is perfect with the intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three leaders, their story, the music and all the other actors. It's really 'Cinematic'. I love Arliss Howard's subtle intensity, ambivalent power and hidden intelligence. I'm a big fan of anything he does; and interacting with Debra Winger's manic pleasure (they are of course married) has that magical, beautiful reality that goes beyond the camera. (I wonder if they look at wedding anniversaries ....... "Big Bad Love" must be the next stop for anyone who hasn't seen it, it's brilliant.) And Dennis Quaid in full swing, complicated , hidden and displayed by the lap selection and full blooming delivery is the kind of pure dark film magic you don't see very often. Quaid always had me a sinister quality for me, with that big slit coin, which lies behind his flickering eyes, which lies in order to unleash him as loose charm or diabolic weirdness (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have the insane fire behind their eyes to pull their wonderful, intense inner arms finger squares in a dark cool way. In fact, the whole film has a dark cool energy and hypertension. It's really a fantastic movie, made up of intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all those involved. I really can't imagine how it was funded, and it seems to me very expensive for such a conventional, imaginative system, but I thank God movies like this every time in the system. In a wonderful way, with all its day-to-day bright carnival colors, hip intelligence, dark humorous and staggering chemistry, it reminds me of one of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ..... Now it's a compliment in my book!
