At the height of Celebrity Big Brother's racial drive in 2007 (with Shilpa Shetty and late Jade Goody), I condemned the "C.B.B." on an internet forum fans who praised the show, after years of bashing 'racist' 70s sitcoms like 'Curry & Chips' & 'Love Your Neighbor'. I thought they were hypocritical, and so said. "It is not Half Hot Mum" was then argued, while some pointed out that an English actor had become black. Well, yes, but Michael Bates lived in India as a boy and spoke Urdu fluently. The opponents' opponents ignore the reality he brought to his performance as a carrier 'Rangi Ram'. Renu Setna, the well-known Indian character actor, said in a 1995 documentary 'Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms' he was upset when he heard that Bates had landed the role, but added:' No Indian actor could play that role do not have. Assets. ". Indeed. <br /> <br />" Mum "was Perry and Croft's companion for" Pa's Army "; also in the war, the sedate English town of Walmington-On-Sea was replaced by the hot, steamy jungles of India. , especially in a place called Deolali, where an army concert party for troops, including Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first sitcom role since 'Doctor in Charge'), the champion 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), lesser Gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, 'Lah de-Dah' Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (late Christopher Mitchell) Bellic Sergeant Major Williams (the brilliant Windsor Davies), who sees them all as "puffs" His frustration because he could not lead his men into the jungle to enter the enemy into the battle made him bitter and bully (though he was nice to Parkins, whom he thought his illegitimate son was!) Then there was English colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). i was like a wise old way, starting every show by talking to the camera and closing them by quoting clear Hindu proverbs. He loved the carrier so much he came to consider himself almost British. His friends were the tea maker Char Wallah (the late Dino Shafeek, who goes on 'Mind Your Language') and the rope that Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti) pulls. So true Indians appeared in the show - another point ignoring his opponents. Shafeek also catered to what was described on the credits as 'vocal interruptions' (similar to the 40's songs used as additional music on 'Dad's Army'). Every issue made with him has 'Land of Hope & Glory' eclipse, just to silence through a 'Shut Up!' by Williams. The excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although it never looked as good as "Dad's Army" in the public's affiliates, 'Mum' was nevertheless popular enough to run for a total of eight seasons. In 1975 Davies and Estelle filled the cards with a cover version of the old chestnut 'Whispering Grass'. They then recorded an entire album of old chestnuts, titled (what else?) 'Sing Lofty!' <br /> <br /> The display crisis shows three years later when Bates died of cancer. Rather than recreating the role of 'Rangi', the authors let him quietly forget. When George Layton left, the character of 'Gloria' took its place as 'Bombadier'. He gave another comedy. <br /> <br /> In the last edition in 1981, the soldiers left India by boat for Blighty, the Char Wallah watched them with great grief (like viewers). <br /> <br /> Repetitions are few and far between (mainly on British Gold) all because of the so-called "dodgy" reputation. This is strange. For one thing, the performance was not specific to racism. If a white black man is so wrong, why is David Lean's 1984 film 'A Passage to India' still being shown on television? (called Alec Guinness as an Indian artist, and won two Oscars!). It is derived from Jimmy Perry's own experiences. Some characters were based on real people (the Sergeant Major really referred to his men as "poofs"). I think if you want to put history on television, get it right. Past sanitation, no matter how improper it seems to modern audiences, is fundamentally dishonest. "Mom" was both funny and true, and viewers saw it. Thanks for D.V.D., I say. Time to stop this review. As Williams would say, "I will not gossip in this jungle!"
