This war sitcom written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best TV show ever Dads Army, was not as good as Dads Army, but still very, very funny. It's about a concert band in India. Most episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) who tried to get the concert party, which he referred to the jungle. He was always unsuccessful as vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and stupid captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were great supporters of the concert party. The concert party consists of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers simulator Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Piano player Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner "Lofty" Sugden , Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was completely wrong), big eater Gunner "Nosher" Evans and Animal Impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald), he was not Percy Edwards. Also involved in the adventures were the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), with the Char Wallah and Punkah Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) offering Ram wonderful support. <br /> <br /> The show, like Dads Army, has left many catches. Rangi Ram told his Punkah Wallah: "Don't be so smart dickie" and he closed many of the shows and said, "Here is a very old Hindu proverb, for example, if the woman is the best friend, don't stop Your house has fled from fire. "It was Williams but who had the most catches. He will always be "Shuddup !!!!!" screaming, saying, "Oh, dear, how sad, never mind" and if you talk to Gunner Graham, he will always talk sarcastically into a good accent. <br /> <br /> This show does not enjoy the same recognition as Dads Army did. This is probably due to a taste problem: It is considered rough. Williams is homophobic who calls his men "Puffs", although it has to be said, Williams is a drill. Also, some people think there's a racial element in humor, with Michael Bates becoming black to play Rangi Ram. Bates was born in India and spoke to Urdu before speaking English. a little uncomfortable to tackle it, although the vast majority of people who have seen the shows will agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian and they were not the least spoiled and agreed as I It was a very funny show. If I see an episode for the first time, I probably laugh more than I do for any other sitcom, but if I see it second time, I don't laugh so much, but no matter how many times I see Dads Army. , I often laugh at an episode. <br /> <br /> Best Episode: The Road to Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
