7 if you are a child - 6 if you are claiming an adult. Seeing the characters Timone and Pumba, this semi-successor of the Lion King sees the original story telling their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great tradition of Disney, inferior sequels are made, and sometimes TV series with the adventures of minor characters from their greatest hits. You can be as skeptical as you want, but kids and fans of the series will probably not mind; they are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to make sure they are one of the few top average successors. It works because of the charm of the beloved central characters, the fast pace, the jokes about the first film, and for older viewers there are some funny gags. The animation is as good as ever, as a little less flamboyant than the original, but the plot is about making it easy, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first. film, which often stops the middle film to joke about parts of it, like a real audience. We see how Timone is almost an outcast. He feels that he does not fit in and decides to look beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. Along the way, he meets Pumba, another wiped out and they become friends. Soon they will meet Simba, a lion cub, natural predator of T and P, but they will form a trio. However, when Simba realizes, he must follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is up to the others to decide whether he wants to or not and how. Of course, the usual Disney elements and themes are here, friendship, good to evil, etc. The plot is simple but works on many levels and makes it smarter than your average animated movie. As the CG movies appear, Disney's traditional form must become smarter, but don't forget the roots they've made. Toy Story and everything that has come since then was clever, with jokes that fit all ages, and it looks like it's the way the market moves. However, there will always be room for movies like this, and you can't go wrong buying it for the youngsters. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
