The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the bibliography, written by Stephen King, but it is widely remembered as one of the best films of the abominable master's work. This is due to two factors: Stanley Kubrick's masterful direction and Jack Nicholson's cold acting. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who accepts to care for the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter. The gruesome stories around the place: he claims a nice, isolated place is just what he needs to complete his new book. That's why the Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife, Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son, Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy realizes from the outset that something is wrong: he is told by chef, Dick O Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is equipped with a mysterious psychic energy, the titular Shining, with which people like him and Dick see flashes of the past and the future. Because of this "gift", troops living in the hotel are taking immediate interest in Danny, though he can really resist it. However, this is not Jack's case, as he is becoming more paranoid about his wife's passions and is trying to comfort the company of what can best be described as ghosts, causing a chain of madness and fear that is very difficult to do. to break. <br /> <br /> The Shining works as a horror movie because Kubrick, although he has never worked on this kind of movie, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, hence the greater focus on atmosphere and psychologist shocks like gore and creative massacre. King criticized the director for changing most of the story, but most of the Jack / Danny subplot (shown only in the film) dropped the emotional strong climax of the book. And while his disappointment was valid, the failure was actually needed. novel deals with salvation, though it is unconventional, and salvation is a theme. Kubrick, one of the best-known analysts of human decline, never had a soft spot. What he is interested in is the mental and consequent physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and even thanks to the spectacular tone of a very cold approach and expert use of the steadicam shot (Danny's encounter with two ghostly twins is the best example. ). Another criticism raised by King was about the actors, especially Nicholson. According to the author, his trademark was grinning at the beginning of the movie apparently that Jack was already mad and thus the rest of the story. Now it's true that Nicholson looks a little bit of goofy from the start, but it is equally true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for the role) probably couldn't deliver a show like Nicholson's scary. From the moment he began to grab in a more disturbing way than before to the immortal "Here's Johnny!" stage, it is impossible to play another actor playing that part. Although the TV version of The Shining is not bad since 1997, the Torrance character is indelibly linked to the One Flew about the Cuckoo's Nest star. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both offer tremendous support, especially with Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment. One can complain about Duvall, who is completely different from the book counterpart (blond and beautiful) and has little more, but screams and runs, but two things should be considered: a) back in 1980 was the "screaming queen "not cliché" yet another; b) Rare an actress appeared so sincerely on the camera, and the book movie differences are secondary to the real fear that comes from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Trainspotting's writer Irvine Welsh once said there was no such thing as a perfectly faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he must know, given the freedoms Danny Boyle took his junkie masterpiece was brought to the screen), but that doesn't mean the movie is necessarily bad. The Shining allegations said perfection: very little of the novel, about 5%, was included in the film, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson's hands this master class in loose film translation became one of the best and most original horror photos of all time, really say something that gave the genre's current poor shape.
