Sometimes it dominates The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's movie is the more effective and entertaining movie, Kubrick's is more artistic, more thought-provoking and probably scarce. This is one of the few movies where I can see his mistakes and really love them. I'm not trying to compare it with the book? what I only read once, a number of years ago, and what shocked me ?? because the two do not have much in common except the story and characters of course. It's almost as if Kubrick was making people's love for the novel making his movie more frightening. And this is definitely one of the most interesting book adaptations ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror movies. <br /> <br /> What makes the movie so scary is not the jump, not the blood and the gore, not the different ghosts that appear from time to time. This is the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people complained about Nicholson's decisive role in this role, saying it was too obvious that he would go crazy in the film, given his previous roles and appearance. I do not agree. We know he's going to go crazy? since most of us read the book? and Jack's appearance just worsens this idea. But this is the way he acts in the beginning that really scares us. He is calm, calm and patient. He talks to hotel managers and even to his own family. And with a woman and son as annoying as she is, it is a small wonder that he is doing it. But as soon as he arrives at the Review, he changes. He gets irritated, angry, on the edge. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts him, and he completely loses it and tells her to leave the f *** alone. This is the first f-bomb that has fallen into the movie, and it's a shock to the system. From then on, all commitment is down. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is the multiple interpretations in the movie. We are never really sure if what we see is actually happening. Many critics have noticed that when Jack speaks with a ghost, there is a mirror gift that shows that he can talk to himself as well. But what about the other characters? Wendy sees nothing about the film's climax until she receives a tour of the haunting residents of the hotel, but she is aware that something is wrong, while Danny almost immediately connects to the place. His psychic powers are not in question ?? How else will Hallorann know to come to the hotel? ?? but does he ever see any of the ghosts his parents testify? It's easy to claim that Jack just lost it, caught up in a hotel with his family, and Wendy did it later too? If your husband tries to kill you with an ax, will it? but what about danny? It seems that his body has been taken over by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are trusted witnesses. Hallorann will probably be, and he warns of the dangers in 237, but he is killed as soon as he arrives at the Overview (a terrifying Kubrick achieved by playing on the assumptions of the novel). And that last shot. Was there ever a more mysterious end in the cinema? Is Jack really there before? Or is his body just "absorbed" in the hotel? If you're talking about the acting in this movie, start any discussion with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying appearances in film history ?? Probably, with the intention of giving Jack's character more of a reason to grasp? and Danny Lloyd is no better, but Jack is a power station. Sharing method, sharing improvisation, he is frightening and attractive at the same time. For better or worse, he is the character we identify with, not the annoying child or virgin woman. We all want a hotel for ourselves for a season, be able to do what we want. Who cares if it haunts? Of course, the technical aspects are great. Kubrick's long tasks, strange angles and bizarre figures all add to the horror. Using color, mirrors, long corridors, and every other motif just increases it. And don't even get me that point. I don't know if the movie would be half as scary without being spooky. The strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the whole movie itself. <br /> <br /> I know King doesn't like this movie, but King's cinema input is nothing to boast about. As big as a novelist he may be, his screens are terrible, and his attempt to direct is better noticeable. It's not a very faithful book adaptation, but it doesn't have to be, and it really shouldn't. Part of the horror of the movie is that the viewer does not have the book to fall back on; there is no reassuring source material. Kubrick masterfully changes the story to make the audience even more. If only, it is one of the most innovative films in any genre. And it has everything on top.
