The Shining starts with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) at an isolated hotel called 'Overlook' located high in the Colorado mountains. He is interviewing his manager, Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson), to become the Winter Watchman. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the basic maintenance of the hotel, but for six months it will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world. The hard winter is coming in. Along with his wife, Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and young boy Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack are moving in the hotel and everything looks good, it's a beautiful hotel, absolutely great and everything they need is at their disposal. However, the Overlook hotel has a dark past with a previous caretaker who killed his entire family before committing suicide. Danny has the ability to shine, which means he has psychic powers that show and hear what ordinary people can't do. As the days, weeks and months begin to succeed, Jack becomes more and more insane, Danny keeps 'things and people' while Wendy becomes frantic, because she doesn't have an idea of ​​what happens to her family, as a heavy snowstorm let them hold on Jack loses it eventually ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-written, compiled and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is a fine horror movie. It appears that The Shining is another movie made up of two different versions. The one I will comment on is the shorter European cut that lasts just under 2 hours. The script by Kubrick & Diane Johnson, based on the novel by Stephen King I didn't read, so I can't compare it, goes for psychological horror rather than visually with just one murder during the whole movie. There is very little character in The Shining with Jack, Wendy & Danny, the only one who really matters, as the film focuses on them, almost exclusively caring for them, getting involved and getting them through. The pace is a bit slow but it's one movie that didn't feel that long and keeps you interested. On the downside, I do not think that the reasoning behind Jack is crazy and that he wanted to kill his family, was strong enough to convince me that Jack escaped from the freezer without any explanation wrong me and I do not know if I missed not something, but it ends, doesn't make me sense, I'm still trying to figure out what this picture is about! There is very little in the way of violence or gore, a few rotten zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that should not rely on blood and special effects, since it has a moving story. . With a budget of around $ 19,000,000 The Shining is technically flawless as you would expect from an obsessive movie maker like Kubrick. The cinematography is brilliant with some fantastic, free-flowing and smooth steadicam shots, as the camera effortlessly follows the character around the maze of corridors. The sets look absolutely real and instead of clicked old haunted house themes like dark corners, cellars and cobwebs. Kubrick brings things up to speed with brightly lit corridors, massive open spaces and a modern decor (good 80's modern, make sure red toilet is off!). The acting is good for everyone involved, but as usual in horror movies, the little child is very annoying. Nicholson looks crazy from the start. The Shining is an absorbing film I enjoyed watching, although I'm not sure I will see it again soon. For those looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you'll be disappointed. For those looking for a good haunted-type horror with a strong story, I definitely think The Shining is worth your while to be a watch in my humble opinion.
