A series of random, seemingly insignificant thefts at her sister's boarding house have excitedly Miss Lemon. A ring, light bulbs, a backpack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe? there seems to be no rhythm or reason for any of it. Miss. Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to look into the matter. But what Poirot sees is something much more sinister than Miss Lemon could imagine. And Poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students staying in the boarding house is murdered. It is up to Poirot to bring a murderer to justice. <br /> <br /> Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid but not spectacular entry into the long-running Poirot range. I appreciate how faithful the writing is on Agatha Christie's original story. I realize that certain freedoms must be taken, but I still appreciate the effort. The key points of the mystery are all there? the small thefts, the boarding house, the students, the torn backpack, and of course Poirot's ability to do something sinister before actually happening. With a few exceptions, the student study is almost like I imagined. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd are under the group. As sweet as I always enjoy David Suchet's Poirot, I get a real kick from the episodes with Phillip Jackson's Inspector Japp and Pauline Moran's Miss Lemon. This episode is a real surprise since Miss. Get Lemon more screen time than usual. Eventually I enjoyed using the ever-present mouse as observer of the activities in the residence. It's a fun little thing on the Hickory Dickory Dock title. <br /> <br /> I realized I was watching Hickory Dickory Dock again, but having a tremendous impact on Agatha Christie's work was on the stylish Italian secret films, Gialli, of the 60's and 70's. Take the murder of Mrs. Nicoletis as an example. If you would bump the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something straight from an early 70s Giallo. In fact, the whole plot of Hickory Dickory Dock could have been used in a Giallo. It's just complicated and interesting enough to work.
