Sometimes it takes a filmmaker like Kubrick to bring that extra little thing, that unique, unbearable and elusive ingredient that transforms a great movie or script into a masterpiece one by one. <br /> <br /> Not only does Stephen King's story have enough meat and potatoes, it makes it even more difficult for even the most real directors to miss. Heck, even King himself did not do so badly. That's how Kubrick observes the King's universe, how to turn the page into screen time, giving the SHINING both a visual feast and a compact master class. <br /> <br /> As usual, Kubrick's miss-and-act is awesome. The movie progresses with a lively, crisp, vibrant fit, although it is not edited quickly or heavily and it does not look less than 160 minutes. The camera prowls through the cute walkways of the Overlook Hotel, as it is a kind of mystical labyrinth for exploration, linear traces that expose the impeccably decorated interiors in all their magnificence. There is a symmetry and geometric approach in how Kubrick sees space reminiscent of how Japanese directors worked in the sixties. As if depicted, it is not so important that all the different elements in the framework be balanced. <br /> <br /> Certain images are definitely displayed. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanied by the screens of a ball, such as drums of punishment coming from another floor or manufactured by the typewriter itself, as if it were all a drug tool, seems to be nothing later no. Short of just that. A red river slowly moving through the hotel lifts. Jack strikes the door with the ax, the camera moves with him and follows the action if it happens instead of staying static, as if the camera penetrates through the door and not the ax. The ultra-fast zoom in the child's face pushes us in his head before we see the two dead girls of his POV. And of course, the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> Much has been said of Jack Nicholson's intrusive overwork. His crazy is not quite successful, because he is Jack Nicholson. The guy looks half crazy anyway. Play crazy, make him an exaggerated caricature of himself. Shelley Duvall on the other hand is one of the most inspired decisive choices Kubrick ever had. From a series of fantastic performances for Robert Altman in the 1970s (3 women, like America, NASHVILLE), she brings the right amount of fragility and emotional distress to her character. A great and very underrated actress.
