The Shining, you know what's strange about this movie? It's the movie that everyone, for people who claim they don't like horror movies, will always say The Shining is a great movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror story of madness and blood. It's just an amazing movie and you've seen it or not, you've heard about it, know a few lines of it, and know some of the classic images. Who could Jack's "Lord's Johnny!" Remember? Who can forget "All Work and No Play" Make Jack a Deaf Boy "? Who can forget the cold end? It's the unforgettable movie and honest, I think Kubrick's best work. I know there is a lot of argument in the department. Many say it is 2001: a Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even dr. Strangelove, but if the film made the film, The Shining made it perfect. This is the story of isolation, insanity, terrifying images, and the ultimate ghost story that will creep under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Review Hotel at closing. The elderly African-American chef, Dick Hallorann, surprised Danny by talking telepathically to him and offering him some ice cream. He explained to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the communication "shining". Danny asks if there is anything in the hotel, especially room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" and many memories, not all good, and orders him to stay out of the room 237 under all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about room 237 eventually gets the better of him as he sees the room opened. Danny shows hurt and visually traumatized after Jack told Wendy he loves his family. See it, Wendy thinks Jack Danny has abused. Jack wandered into the hotel's Gold Room where he met a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts to eradicate the word "reddish-brown" and calls it on walls. He goes into trance and withdraws; He now says he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotaged the hotel radio, switched off-world communication, but Hallorann received Danny's telepathic cry for help and was on the move. Wendy discovers that Jack is one day typing pages of manuscript, repeating: "All work and no game make Jack a dull boy" in various ways. Terrible, Jack threatened her and she knocked him unconscious with a baseball bat and locked him in a kitchen safe. Jack talks to Grady through the door of the locker room, which then releases him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" in lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "murdered" backwards. Jack picks up an ax and hops through the door leading to his family's home. "Here's Johnny!" And Jack's legendary image was born. <br /> <br /> The Shining is one of those movies you have to take seriously to watch. It's an amazing movie and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and memorable. But one thing I feel is overlooked, is Shelley Duvall, her scene to find Jack's All Work? is incredible, it's a look of horror and you can see fear in her face after she realizes her husband is crazy. Another amazing scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bath, it's frankly one of the terrifying scenes in horror cinema. The reason why this movie is so famous is because it is a movie of perfection, it's on The Simpsons, it's been shown in other movies and it's a movie that will stay with you forever when you see it, trust me . <br /> <br /> 10/10
