Okay, okay, maybe not the biggest. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to pass, but The Shining is up there. However, it is by far the best Stephen King story made in a movie. It's better than the stall, better than the semantarium of the pet (better than scary), better than Cujo, better than the green mile, better the Dolores Claiborne, better than standing with me (just scarce) and yes, it's better than the Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I don't care what the IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that Stanley Kubrick sorted his house through novels a few decades ago to find someone who could make a good movie, and from the other room his wife would hear noise every half hour or so as he throws books in frustration in frustration. Eventually she had heard no sound for almost two hours, and when she went to see if he had died in his chair or something, she concentrated on a book he had in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And thank God too, for he has turned the book into one of the best horror movies ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and son to a remote hotel to keep it during the extremely isolated winter as he works on his writing. . Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his dead-end performance as Jack Torrance (how many films did Jack have where he called a character called Jack), as well as his flawless delivery of several famous famous lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvall can be thanked for performing a performance that allows the audience to prevent Jack's desires from killing her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for the fact that this excellent story is his very recognizable touch. And whoever was the decisive director can be thanked for choosing the most spectacular twins on the planet to play the part of the murdered girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most important aspects of this movie, which is needed for the story as a whole to have its main effect, is its isolation and it is flawless. The movie starts with a long scene after Jack as he drives to the old hotel for his maintenance work for the caretaker for the winter. It is soon followed by the same thing to Jack and his family as they drive the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time, the scene is mixed with shots of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick managed to make a quick suggestion about the ills of TV. Wendy expresses her concern about talking about cannibalism before Danny, who says it's good, because he has already seen it on TV (see? It's good, he saw it on television.). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this, and the bloody past is made much more frightening by the huge echo rooms and the long corridors. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but these are the corridors that have created the bulk of the shyness of this movie, and Kubrick's traditional tracing shots give the walk a creepy three-dimensional feel. Early in the movie there is a well-known track shot that Danny follows in a big circle as he drives around the halls on his Big Wheel (what is it called?), And its relative speed (as well as the clunking that is made The wheels as he moves back and forth from the hardwood floors to the cast carpets give the feeling of not knowing what is going on around the corner. And if you're a Stephen King story, you're manufacturing something to jump to. I think the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the scariest in the movie) is when Danny plays on the floor, and a ball rolls towards him slowly. He looks up and sees the long, empty corridor, and because the ball is something of a child's toy, you expect it to be the terrifying twins that rolled it for him. Anyway, you get the point. The Shining is a damn and sly movie. <br /> <br /> Apart from the fact that the scarce quality of a horror movie is not sucking, The Shining has a very in-depth story that really makes you guess and with a feeling that there was something you missed. HAD Jack was always there, as Mr Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really at that ball in 1921, or is it just someone who looks like him? If he had always been the caretaker, it means, as Mr. Grady also said that it was HIM who got mad and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr Grady? It's one thing for a movie to keep loose points, it's just mediocre movies. For example, The Amityville Horror, which obviously copied a lot from The Shining as far as its subject is concerned, did so. But it is quite different from a movie being presented in a way that really makes you think (as is usually the case with Kubrick's movies). Another thing we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we must thank him for not throwing this book against the wall. That one throw would be a dramatic drama.
