This film combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller, with the great vision of a director who has the instinctive capacity to make a cheerful horror movie within the kingdom of his film genius. the original shot, an ice cold soundtrack and an overall sense of dehumanization. This movie cuts through all the typical horror movies like a red poker through a human eye, as it allows the viewer not only to feel the violence and psychosis of his protagonist, but appreciates the seed from which the disorder arises. One of the scariest things for people to confront is the unknown and this film offers its plans with just the thought in mind. The area is perfect in a deserted winter golf. The silence of the moment is a character in itself, as the anger aggressor in Jack Torrance's minds teem with this idle time and cultivate the devil's new playground. I always felt that the presence of evil in our minds was dormant, with just the circumstances of the moment, and the reasons given in it had to wake his violent ass and beat over his unsuspecting victims. This film is a perfect example of this idea. <br /> <br /> And it's within the film's subtle touch of the canvas, the sleeping claws of the young boy's big wheel riding the empty corridors of the hotel, the labyrinthine garden that delights the mind Between sensible and insane, Kubrick's deliberate change in inconsistencies, continuity errors, and wrong arrangements make us discover a world led by the just and tangible, but taken away by the mighty and the unknown. I've never read the book based on the movie, but without being a comparison, I'm proud to say it's one of the terrifying movies I've ever seen. I thought the lap of the film could be cut a little, but then I am not one of the most popular directors in the history of the film, so maybe I should criticize my two cents about a wonderful movie, for myself. All in all, this movie takes your attention with its great shape and vision, enters with a frightening and eccentric direction and ties you down and puts you in the heart with its cold eye of man's thoughts overboard, creepy atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
