Anthony McGarten adapted his play, Via Satellite, and addressed the best comic film to come from New Zealand long ago. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a roll-out. She has not achieved much in her last years and has become very angry with her family since her father's death betrayal. Her twin sister, Carol, also portrayed by Danielle Cormack, is illuminated in the media spotlight because she is swimming in New Zealand during the Olympic Games. A middle-aged, ungrateful and desperate director (Brian Sergeant) and his benevolent cameraman - who is also Chrissy's one-night stand last night - licensed Paul (Karl Urban) the proud moment of the Dunn family. Carol looks at victory. It wouldn't be that bad, but Chrissy's family is the hallmark of embarrassment. First, there is the matriach of the Wellington Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes fairy tales and cocktails for the important movie staff and refuses to change the way she is. Her eldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata), is desperate to be more than ordinary. She has a nice house (with bedroom walls painted "Blackberry sorbet"), expensive taste and a nasty parasitic attitude to match. She is also reaching 40 and is desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and forces himself to work that doesn't need ... as well as work to be done, namely Jen. The middle daughter, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won the best supporting actress at the New Zealand Film Awards for this depiction) is a "whipped" tart that has a dubious history with Ken. Both older sisters clash, the mother is in a state, Ken is so bad a ToolTime Tim Taylor, Carol is increasing her Olympic desire and Chrissy is aware that it is all being put on national television. Why shouldn't she be ashamed? It's great to see some well-known New Zealand faces in the suburban comedy that have clever lines to save. I loved the sparring between Jen and Lyn. One is like a mature Mona-my-biological clock-ticking road, the other a narcissistic tramp that has what her sister desires - a bulb in the oven. Climax of the film is rather sentimental and is well done. The performances are a surprise and the movie works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
