Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performing artist for rich intellectuals at a local club. She falls prey to her fantasies, as the promise of romantic middlemen is murdered, killing those who believe sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that somebody, through a form of hypnotic suggestion, will lead Lorna to a person (.. a possible taskmaster dressing her strings like a puppet) to kill those she gets in remote places, just when it turns out that love starts. After the murders were committed within her fantasies, Lorna became upset, often unclear, as to what she had been doing within her dreams ever in reality. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work Van Franco, I'd say it's elegant and difficult. By now, you have probably read other users' comments about this movie, as much of it comes within the surrealistic atmosphere of a dream. Franco said in an interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard early in his career, as far as film style, and decided to abandon a clear story structure to create a completely different kind of viewing experience. And as you read the reaction of the user's comments here. Like this decision, others find the style difficult, dull and confusing. I will be the first to admit that the movie is over my head, but even Franco himself, when asked by critics who watched "Succubus", admitted that he didn't even understand the movie and he got it done! Some may say that "Succubus" was merely a precursor to his more admired work, "Venus in Furs", considering his masterpiece by Franco's faithful, as it also accepts the surreal, dreamlike structure where the protagonist does not really know if he / she experiences something real or imagined. In a sense, like the protagonist, we experience the same kind of confusion. Usually, "Succubus" is unconventional movie production where we are not given the keys of what is exactly going on. And much of the elusive dialogue doesn't matter. "Succubus" is also played by beatnik types and "poetry", Corman's film "A Bucket of Blood". My personal favorite scene is at a possible lesbian intervention between Lorna and a woman she meets at a fun party. A bizarre fantasy sequence where mannequins are used quite unusual. Great places and jazz score. I kept this movie myself, although I can understand why it doesn't get a negative reaction. Love that one scene at the nice party with Lorna, a little bit drunk, on the floor in a beautiful evening gown, while others attend the gossip (equally messy) in her embrace of kisses.
