I didn't see all the movies of Jess Franco, I saw 5, and there are over 180 of them. So maybe it's a bit early to say, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as Succubus, but it's the cut version) is the best, certainly of Franco's best. Franco is the best known (although "known" might be slightly exaggerated) for "Vampiros Lesbos", a strange cultural film that was more applauded in the mid-90's when people found out. Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack, a happy couple discovered the man and found out what to expect after seeing the videos of the lion and the cucumber (Vampyros Lesbos cheese): Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rang during "Vampiros", I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. Franco has never been able to take me so much since that moment. But then I stumbled upon this movie. It's even better than "Vampiros Lesbos," I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We find that he can do a lot. I probably didn't expect to find "Necronomicon" so much: she didn't impress me at all. Remember, I have previously seen "Vampiros Lesbos" (although it came chronologically just three years later) and both movies are similar. But then the story went on, mysterious and gripping, beautiful camera work and the things you would want Godard to see if he wasn't so busy spreading his political messages. Later in the movie I heard a dialogue about which art was old-fashioned or not. The man says that all movies must be old-fashioned, because it takes weeks before the audience sees what was filmed. But the girl replied that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard made films for tomorrow". Janine Reynaud is an interesting main actress and of course Howard Vernon, a Franco regular, is also there. Fortunately, the play is good (something that many Franco movies can spoil for you, but not this one). But definitely look out for the cartoon. The erotic tension, the gameplay and the fact that it is a yesterday's movie tomorrow make it a movie that many people have to see. The fact that it is a bit more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" definitely helps.
