Police, investigations, murder, suspicion: we are all so familiar with them in movies. Most of the films nowadays deal with crime that is believed to involve viewers, to provide them with an exciting atmosphere. But most of the excitement enthusiasts will rather focus on latest movies of the kind that forget about older people. Yet it happens that these people can easily be deceived. A completely suspicious movie can now be very interesting, though it is more than 20 years old. This is GARDE A VUE, a unique movie by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there a lot of action? Not really since the events presented in the movie take place in a very short time. But the way they are performed is the movie's big plus. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is investigated by Insp. Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not very accurate for such a meeting. Yet, after the rape and murder of two children, in the beginning of the year, the door of suspicion must eventually be open. In other words, (more quoted from the movie), it must be revealed who an evil wolf really is. To achieve this, you need a lot of effort and also many emotions from both parties ... Some people criticize the text because it is present. Still, I ask them: what should be an investigation if there are not many questions and talk a lot. This vocabulary touches the roots of the genre. It is not boring in any way, but through the entire movie it makes you a viewer involved as an observer. In addition, the movie contains well-made flashbacks as the stories are told. Not too much and not too little - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks, to me, are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, talks about one beautiful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also include the views of the sites, including the infamous beach. It helped me to keep the right fit. And since I've seen GARDE A VUE, I always call this movie one of the "defenders" of the French theater against accusations of mess and chaos. <br /> <br /> However, the mentioned aspects do not necessarily have to be addressed by many viewers, as they may not like such movies and still will not find the content and its performance satisfactory. Still, GARDE A VUE is also worth seeing for such people. Why? For the sake of performances. But don't expect me to praise Romy Schneider. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She does a tremendous job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost child. His image is credible from a calm, concrete person who does not refuse an offered cup of tea but does not want to play with words. Her part, which includes a profound talk of life and duty, is brilliant, more credible than the exaggerated melancholy role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It is still being acted upon. However, Romy Schneider doesn't have much time on the screen. In practice she appears for the first time after 45 minutes of the credits; She, as a woman and another view, comes symbolically midnight at the New Year. Her role is a purely supportive one. Who really rocks is Lino Ventura. He IS the middle-aged inspector Antoine Gallien who wants to find out the truth, who is aware that his questions are "missiles" over the other conversation, but do not hesitate. He is an inspector who is married three times, is completely recognized by the woman's psyche. He is the one who does not regard his work as a game to play, but a real service. Finally, he is a person who does not find it abnormal on a New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a good job of expressing fear, especially in the final scenes of the movie. But thumbs up for Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Regarding the unforgettable moments, it's not the kind of movie in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole movie is unforgettable, should be seen more than once and felt with its atmosphere, and which I have not yet mentioned, wonderful music. For me, the talk of Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most brilliant flawless moment. You are there with the two characters, you experience your mood as you go deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting movie, a must for excitement enthusiasts and connoisseurs of artistic performances. New Year turned and ... is it easier to open the door now? You will find out when you decide to see the memorably directed movie by Claude Miller. 8/10
