Our fans of Ed Wood tend to be an obsessive bunch in the first place, but especially this movie has driven me to a level of fan-dom that I have never approached before! One of the most intense excitement of non-mainstream film aging - at least as far as I'm concerned - is the pleasure of unraveling the dark. I remember as a teenager longing to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a night of the ghouls), which had been vain for some decades. Just like arcane masterpieces of low-budget movies like Doris Wishman's "A Night to Dismember" or half of the works of Jesus Franco! However, in recent years, video and DVD have made these incomprehensible treasures almost accessible - even to those of us on the 'wrong' side of the Atlantic. <br /> <br /> And then, look, there was "I woke up on the day I killed" - a movie that should have been so big but disappeared into the eater before Fangoria first, fairly long article printed on it that first got my appetite. The 1990s needed a tricky movie, but it would really be worth looking out for. And it certainly is .... I don't want to comment too much on all the wonderful aspects of Die film - his classic and kitsch company, his haunting hallucinogenic visual art, his wonderful moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the 1920s French cinemas) and surrealism, or even his urgently memorable soundtrack - because that is all I liked, briefly, is the pleasure I have also received from some obscure artifacts that are almost lost to this to hunt. -but-thanks-not-really movie! I think the German video, which I picked up in Cologne on a chilly winter day, is now fairly well known for Ed Wood's followers. It is also very common knowledge that a promotional poster for the film has been released. But luckily there is more to be found !!! First, there are a number of reviews available at the German Theatrical release. I used several of these in my translation classes to "Woodify" my students ..... Some of these reviews are positive promises to the film's artistry and entertainment - and most interestingly, most critics have placed it squarely in both American trash and European art world traditions. Secondly, there is Larry Groupe's score, which can be obtained from the man himself. Many of the tracks are a real emotional draw on the listener, especially if you consider the movie's current "vaulted" status and grow a little melancholy. at the same time. Finally - for now - I want to call the promo SOUNDTRACK that set out Cinequanon in extremely limited numbers. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do whatever it takes if you get the chance to get one of these !!!!!! It contains 14 clips from the movie, including Eartha Kitt's ballad, the late Darcy Clay's "Jesus I Was Evil" (two versions of which are also available on CD from New Zealand, although it's still a story!) The cool radio music that Christina Ricci dances to, and also that wonderful techno falls through Minty and ZHV (the latter is Billy Z's own technology band). <br /> <br /> Be obsessed - let Ed Wood rule your life.
