This 1998 film is based on a screenplay by former Edward D. Wood, a script that had no dialogue in the tradition of films such as THE THIEF. While many of Wood's work were exceptionally low-budget entries in various genre movie traditions, his first released feature, GLEN OF GLENDA, was a truly visionary effort to express the inexpressible through primitive avant-garde techniques. I hope the day I did represent Ed Wood, the experimental, although this film is a comedy (a nightmare comedy!), While the cross-dressing theme of GLEN OF GLENDA is so serious by Wood taken that there was no room for comedy. From the first few seconds of this movie I knew I was being taken to a new movie world, and I can't really compare the world to anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music recording, photography, etc. - is on some level groundbreakers. In particular, although the movie does not have a dialogue, there is sound of all kinds and also 'language', but you will have to see how it did itself, as the cleverness and surprise of the methods is always a thrill . The Glen of Glenda-esque technique of collecting stock material for surreal effects works well in the film and is minimized. The entire movie is played on a hysterical chorus, and Billy Zane offers an amazing tour-de-force show that is a brilliant physical comedian and actor. In a fair world he would have received an award for this show. He even looks like Ed Wood, and as played by Zane, this character is at different times, sleepy, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes at once!). What a shame that this film was caught up in legal problems and never received a North American scene or video edition, just played a few festivals. Currently, it is only available on video in Germany. In fact, my copy is from a German source. The copies of Wood's screenplay, shown on the screen from time to time, are translated into German, although the newspaper headlines are low-budget technique to give plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, via newspaper headlines here. used in the wood tradition that Zane sees in English. I think this movie could get a mouth-to-mouth recording if it was played in some big cities at midnight with some cautious promotion. And if it played through the city, it did well. In fact, if legal issues can be resolved, I suggest that the film be given another theater release, especially a MIDNIGHT cult release. It is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Did I "understand" every scene? No, but I felt emotionally every scene. Did everything "work" in that movie? Maybe not. I only saw it twice, and the first time I saw it, I was interrupted several times. But with all the compound junk that plays the multiplexes and rejects so many "alternative" films that are fetishistic or pretentious film-school shots, we need real Hollywood-made experiments like this. The recent Bob Dylan movie "Masked and Anonymous" had similar chances as Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONT did. This movie can find an audience much larger than one of those. If you read this review, it's been a few years and the idea of ​​this movie sounds intriguing, see if it's ever been released on video. You will NOT be bored. Invite friends over ... make it a feast. Play the incredible soundtrack LOUD. I have a feeling that Ed Wood, where he is in the afterlife, is happy with this movie and feels as if his unique vision by making this movie is justified and validated. Wood also probably laughed at it, just as he always got the bad break alive. The film he brought to his honor in his death is heard in the lawsuit and sits in the land of his possession.
