OK, so I know about this movie because of a friend of mine, and I actually visited the set when they were filming. From a personal point of view, I was also intrigued to finally see this dark jewel. If you don't dig into information about this movie at all, you'll find that it's right in legal trouble (even more than 7 years after it was filmed). If you are not like me at all, you will do what it takes to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I tore it because I got it in the post today. It was a very rough, grainy copy of a "SCREENER ONLY" edition, with an annoying top mini-time code, but unfortunately I still enjoyed it, but not as much as I had a proper copy, something I suggested you get if you want the full impact this movie might or may not have on you. From what I picked up, it was released on DVD in Germany and now Spain. With that, good luck and happy search / bid ...;). The score / sndtrk is worth it. Very eclectic and varied (some rare IMHO in movie) - I think it will be my next trick / score to find, but I'm going out ... <br /> <br /> Now, on the review. The movie starts out as Billy Zane's character injects a nurse into the spiritual ward. He is apparently locked up. He steals her clothes (even shoes) and moves quickly into a series of a bank / loan shop, but after he has run away with the booty Well, I think that's where the "plot" starts - he accidentally loses it. Having committed several camps over the top crimes and dalliances to several A to C celebs to find the money, he finds himself somehow in a cemetery where a funeral - I think for the dead man what he shoots / bank in the loan office, and - even with 1950's police cars and policemen who constantly look at him - he is never seen or followed. (He sees daily newspapers reporting his "crimes"). I liked that because it gave the thin plot an extension. After all, it's a MOVIE (see fiction) and director Iris Iliopulos does what I think everything is possible to 1) Bring Wood's vision of fruit and 2) Give it an updated feel, but shots of authentic 50 police cars intertwined with , ahh, local LA.99 $ stores - so good my 9 rating. If the period and props were authentic, I would have given it a 10. Now it turns out a bit strange and I won't spoil it, but let's just say the final end is somewhat disappointing. It had promise, action and comedy - until the end, so ... with ALL who said - put a copy at your discretion. <br /> <br /> Just realize that since there is no dialogue (except for some narration and singing) it may be up to you - maybe not - but I definitely think it's worth a watch. The actors all do fine performances and that's just the contradiction in proper timings that really made me that correction. Then I would say that this movie is getting out of the way, because it is not like these studios have expressed (or will be in the future) I'm sure.
