When I think 'Women in the Prison', my thoughts often go by directors such as Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei, to bad Italian / Spanish productions. and while these films are often very sloppy, they are also very similar and when you have seen one; you might as well have seen everyone. I have to admit that these types of movies generally aren't my favorites; but the idea of ​​women behind bars is actually well done outside Italy and Spain. and Roger Corman's New World Pictures is responsible for some of the best of them. Caged Heat is the director's debut of Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, and it's a great movie with a lot of entertainment value! Of course, the film focuses on the story of a girl caught and committing crime and sent to a women's prison where she is introduced to an army of violent prisoners. This prison is dominated by rope-wheelchair bound Superintendent McQueen; and she is offended by a play that the girls appoint; which leads to an escape. <br /> <br /> This movie is much lighter on the sleaze than I'm accustomed to a woman in the prison flag; but it is more than compensated by some great action scenes and dialogue and it ensures that Caged Heat is entertaining. However, it must be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious and mainly follows a structure similar to many other women in prison films that came before it; But this is not such a big problem. The film never gets boring and is praised with striking scenes; including an escape attempt while working in a field and a bank robbery. The film is assisted by the assured direction of the man who would move the masterpiece The Silence of the Lambs and a great role player with many standouts; including the best of all the legendary Barbara Steele in the role of chief prison guard. Overall, Caged Heat can't leave the viewer much to think at the end; but it's a brilliant, entertaining little grindhouse movie and anyone who enjoys this type of movie will definitely want to find it.
