Jonathan Demme's director debut for Roger Corman's legendary exchange kit New World Pictures is highly regarded as one of the best chicks-in-chains 70's grindhouse classics to ever find celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer star Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls"). Gavin gives a robust performance as a brash, resilient new fish that does her best to keep up in a grim, sacred estate. The always fabulous Barbara Steele presents a beautiful evil representation as the temperate, crippling, sexually frustrated diviner (her erotic dream of doing a slow, steamy striptease before the lady inmates is a real dilly). Longtime favorite 70's B-movie actress Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers"). Collins delivers a hilariously raunchy and engaging twist as a cheerful, prosperous, filthy kleptomaniacon telling a dirty dirty joke about Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (including Crystin Sinclaire of Tobe Hooper's "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington's "Ruby") make her live film debut as unhindered Wildcat Crazy Alice. And the ever-hugging Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith makes a beautiful, repetitive repetition of her fragile, terrible, innocent role of 'Lemora: a children's story of the supernatural.' <br /> <br /> Although this picture produces the expected large amount of coarse language, nudity, rape and violence, it is still not a typical scratch and sexist piece of clumsy senseless rubbish; The film explores the many ways in which men use cruel women, and strongly suggests the pro-feminist idea that women can overcome any stumbling blocks if they merge into a group so that they can boldly dispute their misogynistic oppressors as one powerful force. Demme's tranquil, confident direction comes through with a glorious abundance of widely observed accidental details and wonderful moments of engaging, peculiar human behavior. Furthermore, both Tak Fujimoto's live cinematography and John Cale's wonderful dolorous oddball blues score is 100% on the money. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the exciting, frighteningly cheap-rubber-monster-creature feature, has a brand new piece as a jerky policeman who stole his car through a thirty prison refugee when he arrives at a petrol station to the bathroom) Used, lively, exciting and immensely enjoyable, "Caged Heat" qualifies as absolutely essential viewing for 70's in-movie fans.
