The point of departure for this movie was one that focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. It was a highly flammable scenario in America that clashed with two completely different cultures. What justified such heinously depraved actions anyway? .. As this film presents the scene, (while Hickock and Smith drank) these two men were not drunk, nor were they under any influence from drugs !! It was a clear cut of cold and calculated deliberation. Basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect. Any time since 1975, as a nation, we had an empathy for devastation by their victims ... This incident, however, occurred in 1959! This awful revelation has moved us and seduced the nation into a tail of conflicting ethics !! With the recent issue of the movie "Capote" based on Truman Capote, which was the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood", the American people have a new fascination with this movie !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this movie. It seems appropriate given the familiarity with which he was involved in his personal life !! "In Cold Blood" centers on the element of the inexplicable ... There was no revenge involved, there was no material gain to be gained. There was also no potential for social progress here, it is just an example of a latent and treacherous wartime rage that certainly does not justify the means !! The situational diatribes that Hickock and Smith regret were always ambiguous! Under the circumstances, why should they take out their frustrations on an anonymous, unsuspecting and innocent Kansas family? .. Will Geer (Oupa Walton) plays the prosecutor who gets sick by this act of macabre volatility !! His argument is very convincing. His argument is: "These two men who have shown no mercy now ask for yours." This is a logical line that would cause me to make a conviction ruling if I were the jury members! Absolute contempt for your difficult fate in life does not justify the orchestration of a capital crime !! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that such a confused act of violence had to be brought to the attention of the American public! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of things to come. "In Cold Blood" it just did! This incident was the calm before the storm related to an appropriate aspect of emergence to the radical 1960s !! Such a deadly charade also served as insight into the isolated interests that many typical Americans will experience for the future. <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a tremendous job of verifying this fierce look with his book (which was a best seller) and also with this documentary ... Robert Blake and Scott Wilson's film, if people like John Forsythe were incredible! The director, Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", Blackboard Jungle, Elmer Gantry and Key Largo to name but a few!) Was excellent in his joint efforts in this movie !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in the history of movies !! The film shows two repulsive shoots of depravity that are obscured in demented theaters and an exciting hit to be recognized on a pejorative nationwide level! .... This movie shows a psychological dissatisfaction that is on an upcoming action by counter-culture providers of violence !! Our nation's ideologies are now incredibly different from 1959! This movie introduces the American people to the emotional and disillusioned culprits who started such a careless metamorphosis in our overall value system !! I recommend everyone to see this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point for the movie "Capote"! Think about it, make a movie about a movie a rare and sought-after Hollywood award !! In the case of "In Cold Blood", it is an extreme example of a film that is vicariously clairvoyant, intellectually elevated, and of course, it goes without saying: "In Cold Blood" was completely spell binding, as well as a totally remarkable movie !!
