Easily one of the top ten movies of the 20th century. Cold Blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of its storytelling, and sounds absolutely brilliant. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake steps away with the movie. The story seems to be almost entirely from Perry's point of view, even though Dick is the leader and planner of the two. The viewer will invariably see Dick as unstable, immature and usually feel that Perry could not be pulled into this nightmare, but that Dick and his need to be someone and a big score. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with particular attention to accuracy, In Cold Blood shows the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural Kansas family one cold, windy night, because Dick in a centuries old rural myths bought over prosperous farmers who have a safe full of cash in their home. As a prosecutor (a character not named in the screenplay), played by Will Geer, it shows so remarkably that their lives are bought for only $ 10 per head. Director Richard Brooks chooses not to share the horrific details of the murders until the end of the film. Before that, we just know that it happened and watch the lives of Dick and Perry unraveling while trying to escape, not only arrested by law enforcement, but also Perry's own growing sense of impending punishment. He repeatedly makes comments, "No one ever gets away with such a thing," and "I can't help thinking we left something behind it to us." Dick is not mature or moral enough to feel any compelling guilt feelings about their crime, just annoying Perry's. Indeed, after being caught, it is Dick who breaks first, and suddenly disappears when he is finally confronted with irrefutable evidence that the two men are at the scene of the crime. From the start of the movie I got a little pity for Perry, and more like the events progressing, but I just got rid of Dick. <br /> <br /> The genius of the movie is the engaging way the story is played. We do not think for a moment that we are watching actors portraying characters, but watching the real participants and events as they occurred. The story is unrelenting, disappointment, the run time slightly more than two hours feels more like just a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such things, I have some or some of the "Goofs" listed here on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood. Like the "reverse" process boot, at the start of the movie, like Dick and Perry cross the Kansas bridge. To begin with, it's not even a process shot, the camera is actually placed in the back seat and the picture you see outside the windshield of the car is real. A large truck located on the left front of Dick's Pontiac creates the optical illusion that they are deteriorating because they are traveling at a faster speed, but closer investigation will reveal that they are indeed going forward and that is a real shot filmed from a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, it is one of the ten best works of the 20th century cinema, not recommended for the very young due to some course language and implied and derived violence (no real in you face does not convey a modern film), but a thoroughly excellent movie.
