The real crime story at the heart of In Cold Blood may seem a bit 'tame' to those on classic serial killer stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer) or just the more notorious cases in Hollywood (OJ Manson). The essential facts in the case have not gone horribly over: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson respectively) congratulated on robbing a man's farmhouse in Kansas and following the murder. a family of four with a shotgun and dagger got away with $ 43. Apart from returning to the US after a short flight to Mexico, there is not a lot of mystery in the resolution either. They were caught by a stroke of ironic chance (a policeman followed them and stopped them because they had a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and his old man collect bottles for change), and sentenced to hang at the neck until death. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But that's the storyline, moments of moot, the gigs, a sheer film that Brooks offers and his absolutely wonderful DP Conrad hall. sharp widescreen black and white, and a storytelling style that feels realistic without saving too much naturalism or too much melodrama (except perhaps near the end, which is perfect). The air of the tragedy depends on the story and not so much because of the murder itself, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man being ripped up, as the narrator observes, working together Smith and Hickcock, but because of the inevitability of the story. You feel somehow for these criminals, who in any other hands are just conventional figures or something from a B-movie. These are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters either, at least all the way through. <br /> <br /> It is also an excellent road movie as we see Smith and Hickcock on the road to the Clutter home (the real night scene of the late-film crime), then to Mexico , then back to America after Las Vegas. We get into the personalities of these two, probably even more than those of police detectives who initially did not lead and then finally get a break with a prisoner. It's actually so disturbing to get it so close to these two (kind of related to the aimless quality of Malick's Badlands characters), and it's also a sign of daring for the time. There is no sermon, like "he did it because of it and this or the other." We see Smith having an abusive, psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity there is too much for the movie, maybe even too much for Capote's book (which I must confess, I still have to read, although I intend). And we see Hickcock is this creature of light confidence (ie getting the suit and other things with bad checks), but without a deep-rooted statement about it. <br /> <br /> The streak of fatalism in In Cold Blood is among the strongest of the 60's, and it's Brooks's luck to star as Blake in his top-of-the-pop show (this and Lost). Highway), strangely enough to investigate his real life story in recent years, work pieces), and Wilson's breakthrough before becoming a character actor. Surrounded by fine supportive work, they themselves are truly absorbed, driven more or less by greed and fantasies of escapism, and remain properly grounded in their situation by the death row and by their ends. Is it a moral of the story, if there can be one, is it more terrible to confront the possibility that those who kill cannot be classified, that good is lost to evil? Smith apologized for his crime before he was hanged, and he pointed out, "but for whom?" It's a story that gives the best hardened fans of true crime the bonafide cold fever, and this is probably the best American movie of 1967.
