Criminal Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe Mr. Clutter or Holcomb, Kansas holds a large stock of cash in a safe. On November 15, 1959 at two o'clock they murdered Mr. A wife. Clutter and their teenage son and daughter. After a little police investigation, the two men were found and sentenced to be hanged. In Cold Blood (1967), Richard Brooks is directed. Now I haven't read the Truman Capote novel. This movie is based on, so I can't make comparisons. The movie makes a brilliant work telling about the horrific events that actually took place. Robert Blake is great like Perry. Of course, Blake has accused the murder case of his own, a few years back, he is now free, but we still don't know the truth. Whatever may be, is still a very good actor. Scott Wilson does remarkable work as Hickock. John Forsythe is wonderful as Alvin Dewey.Paul Stewart. is very good like Jensen. Jeff Corey is wonderful as Mr. Hickock. Together with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John McLiam's picture Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin's daughter Nancy and Paul Hough are the son Kenyon. Great work by each of them. There is much to remember about this movie. We start from the lighter side. It's pretty good when Perry wants to find gold in Mexico and tells Hickock: Remember Bogart in the Treasure of the Sierra Madre? "And Blake herself was in that movie as a boy! And this is a fun moment when they give a ride to that boy and his grandfather, collect bottles and deposit them for repayment money. Those darker moments are the spooky ones. When you see the murders, Terrifie, when Perry dies the girl, Nancy lasts the last time she says, "Oh, please, don't ..." The brutality of man, it is impossible to explain Then the hanging scene, firstly, Hickock and Perry talk to the minister first, and in the last picture of the movie we see Perry hit the end of the queue, some movies and books can try to sympathize with these villains. Character is someone you can feel sorry for, thinking of his mother and father he hates, but still loves, but it does not change the fact that both men portray these writers are brutal murderers who do not feel sorry for anyone. They go to this home and murder a whole family, in cold blood. How can you sympathize with these people?
