As I am obsolete, my fascination with the Academy Awards has evolved from intense interest to casual entertainment. As in some other comments I have written, the bizarre results of academic awards are often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967, as one of the five best photo nominees, is one of the inexplicable cases, especially when one of the nominations went to the miserable and ungrateful "Dr Dolittle" that year. While only a messy or masochistic response to the Rex Harrison disaster fits in, Richard Brook's powerful adaptation of Truman Capote's non-fiction novel retains his ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave him or her in full drain through the final blur. While there is nothing, especially graphically or horribly on the screen, the film is definitely adult material. Based on a multiple murder in Nebraska in the 1950s and filmed in the real places where the murders took place, "In Cold Blood" was filmed by master kinographer Conrad Hall in sharp black and white. His screen compositions demand to see in their rights. widescreen aspect ratio. Along with Quincy Jones' disturbing score, Hall's work above the title had to be credited with Brook's screenplay as the three pillars on which this intense classic building was built. The performances are also good. Scott Wilson is all cold charm and Robert Blake intense introversion than the two killers. (There's a joke at one point when Blake talks about Bogart and "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" while the duo drives to Mexico. As a kid, Blake sells the lottery ticket to Bogart in the John Huston movie.) The film, like the book, is definitely slanting to the killers and has an anti-death sentence, although the inexperience of the killers denies the sentiment, despite the hard-to-see final scenes. Some have criticized the film for focusing on criminals, their backgrounds and lives, while the Clutter family, literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, appears as one-dimensional characters of small imports. This lack of balance comes from the book when Capote spent a lot of time with the two killers while on the death penalty. The Clutter family is apparently not exploring at the same depth. But any feelings that one may have for or against the death penalty will leave "In Cold Blood" deep in conflicting thoughts. Do a double account with 'Dead Man Walking' and you can't talk for days.
