In the year 2006, "In Cold Blood" - a sounding thriller of 1967 - had two new interesting contexts that didn't have it before. First, and most chillingly, the fact that his star, Robert Blake, was recently executed for the murder of his wife. Secondly, the recent Oscar wine-captain, "Capote", showed the enchanted story of the author of the true crime story, Truman Capote. These two new twists make the film timely for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As a stand-alone movie from the era, "In Cold Blood" is in all respects in the end. The most striking is the impressive black and white cinematography of Conrad Hall (later of American Beauty and Road to Perdition). Lots of silence from this movie of the Kansas farm at night or the tree-lined land trails can be sold as fine art photography. Combined with the Cracker-Jack direction of Brooks and excellent editing in the early scenes (where we see the everyday life of the innocent family, senseless gender is intertwined with the plot of the two indifferent killers), is a rich, breeding atmosphere created that set the scene for careless tension (even when everyone knows how it all will end because of the fact that it's all based on real-life events). It's also nice to see today how brilliant it is, a rogue killing team can be portrayed, where the graphic nature of the action is subliminally conveyed to the viewer, with a drop of blood displayed on the screen. <br /> <br /> The movie is also well-influenced by Robert Blake's ominous performance as the more sympathetic but senseless brutal side of the killing duo. The flashback screens to his terrible childhood are extremely well done. Then there is the scene after the end of the film where he speaks with the reverence before being sent to the gallows and he makes his last "confession" so to speak. It is one of those classic movie moments that are a perfect marriage of eager acting, excellent writing, flawless direction and haunting photography. I dare to erase the strong image of the rain's reflection from the window that radiates Robert Blake's messy face of real tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing impeding "Cold Blood" is the slow moving middle act where the killers are on the lame and the forced nature of the social commentary at the end. The complicated political message about the death penalty is secondary to the compelling portrayal of the mad killers and their prey.
