Although released again in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD remains the benchmark that matches all true crime films. Veteran driver / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) has adapted Truman Capote's non-fiction book to a cold docudrama that still retains an alarming force five and thirty years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson depict Perry. Smith and Dick Hickock, two former drawbacks who broke a hint of Hicock's old cellist Floyd Wells in the Holcomb, Kansas House of Herbert Clutter, are looking for a wall safe that is believed to contain $ 10,000. But there has never been a safe found, and the two men instead walked in and mr. Clutter, his wife and their two children, murdered with just a radio, binoculars and a bad forty dollar. Two months on the road, including an aimless "holiday" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police caught them in a stolen car. But it eventually comes, after the ruthless grab by the Chancellor law enforcement officers, that these two men committed that horrible crime in Holcomb. Married and found guilty of four murder counts, they jailed over a five-year period of appeals and denials until both were killed on April 14, 1965. <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith are completely chilled as the two discouraged killers who do not regret what they did, but are worried about being caught. John Forsythe also does a good job as Alvin Dewey, the chief detective investigating the crime, as well as Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is both true to Capote's book and a good artistic gambit everywhere, Brooks doesn't even show the murders; Instead, he shows the two killers coming to the Clutter House. The last light goes out, then cut to the next morning and the terrible discovery of the bodies. Only during the trip back to Kansas, when Blake was questioned by Forsythe and told the story, we see the real abomination of what happened that night. We don't see much blood being rinsed in these scenes, but we don't have to. The shotgun explosion and the horrible look at the Clutters' faces, as they know they are dying, are more than enough to disturb, so you don't have to use explicitly bloody slasher movie violence. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely filmed IN COLD BLOOD in bright black and white, and the results are excellent thanks to Conrad Hall's expertise. The chilling jazz score by Quincy Jones is the capper. The end result is one of the most disturbing films of any kind ever made, devastating in its own low key fashion. It is a 134-minute study of a crime that shook a whole state and indeed a whole nation, and must be seen, although the judge's discretion is advised; the 'R' rating is there for a reason.
