For anyone with moderate sensitivity, a moderate sense of human and human condition, for anyone who is able to get above the Hollywood ilk, for anyone who is satisfied with a cinema that is not a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes's brain does not come from anyone or see who comes to bed with who, for someone whose intellectual level has the ability to understand, sympathizes with, understands, laughs, cries WITH natural soft heart warming, hilarious compassionate HUMAN , 'Le Huitième Jour' is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael not only achieved a masterpiece, it would be too simplistic; He achieved one of those rare monumental artworks in the cinematographic world that cuts out any form of encapsulation. Is this a drama? Is this a comedy? No: It's the story of Georges, a wonderful, funny, fun loving, scary, beautiful personality, a sufferer of Downes syndrome. This is a story that you laugh through your tears, but it is not one of those classic tears; This movie moves through a world that mixes you with feelings of compassion or pity, or even pity on the admiration, warmth and even love. A Successful Banker, Harry, bumps into Georges: they both went in opposite directions with absolutely conflicting ideas, problems and priorities; Van Dormael makes these two unlikely men melt into a warm friendship, but it is so much more than the good friendship of those who have a beer along the way. It is a relationship that develops into a profound need of both for the other. The cuasi-surreal scenes fit in perfectly: Georges remembers (or invents) past scene of his life while dreaming or sleeping; even the almost phantasmagorical final scene is quite correct. The only scene that might be a bit out of place is when they steal a bus and send it out of the showrooms. However, this does not detract from the whole. This film is a monument. Even if your French is not too much, please see it with subtitles. `Le Huitième Jour 'is worth it. Like anything else, just read the following comments ?? I go with everyone. This movie is a joy, it's majestic, it's unique. If you saw "Rain Man", which I consider an excellent movie, you should see this one: it is much better because it is not the superficial veneer of famous Hollywood-made world-renowned players; This has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? TEN oscars for these two, and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares ????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb score doesn't fall under the tension. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
