This film has all the great and greatness of many of the great Biblical statements of the 1950s and 60s. But it is also perhaps the first to really humanize the Biblical characters themselves. The best thing about it is that it doesn't diminish it in the eyes of the viewer. It is a unique and compelling balance that helps us realize that even great people like David are deficient in finding their faith and grandeur in their mistakes. <br /> <br /> The actors are all the first in the movie by Gilbert Barnett as David's second son, Absolom, through to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is at his best in this movie. Her own truth, but greater than the life of acting, is at home here. She's ever the seducer, but she plays the role in such a way that you sympathize with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey does a good job as Nathan the Prophet. As a child when I first saw the film, Massey seemed to have really talked to the Lord himself and was a wonderful sight. This has undoubtedly also been helped by the great music that consisted of the always wonderful Alfred Newman who also had great successes in other Biblical stories such as "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told", along with maybe 100 other movies ! The cinema photography by Leon Shamroy is well done and adds to the size but also the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly underrated film director who, like William Wyler never really turned himself into any one genre, draws a greater than life production that never sees the love story between David and Bathsba and David's own deep struggle with his faith not lost. in god The path in this movie could have been very hokey, but King really and interestingly keeps it all the way. Plus, we never lose the mystery of trying to understand God's will, just as David himself struggles. From the first scene where a soldier dies, try to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer, to paraphrase that no one can understand God's will. It is the journey that takes us all the way to the powerful end where David is finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this film is by Gregory Peck, who is wonderful as King David. His David is a man you can believe relentlessly rule a country, but was once a faithful singer of psalms. It's one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I no longer see this movie on television, but when I do, I never succeed in seeing it. I still think very well today.
