There is no shortage of bad dialogue in David and Bathsba? "I was quite a hand with a sling," "The king of all Israel out there in the darkness that exposes him to the enemy" (full of points for Dennis Hooey for delivering the one with a straight face) , "Sit down with the concubines." And somehow I doubt a bored David ever said the prophet Nathan: "Whatever you say." He even tries the old "My kingdom doesn't understand me" routine on the desperate housewife Bathsba at one point. It is therefore a tribute to Henry King's direction that the film is not bad at all, despite the pitfalls that many of the first thirds offer. Maybe it's the censor-baiting nature of the plot ?? a married man kills a femme fatale's husband and gets away with it! ?? but King brings the growing moral and theological complexity into Phillip Dunne's writing rather than giving up sin and sandals. It is the confronted David on the descending slope, abandoned by a shaky God whom he no longer understands and the film does not turn away from the awkward unanswerable questions as to why a loving deity will choose revenge on the innocent rather than to make it guilty. . It even offers a really surprising criticism of the sexual inequality of the law, where the failures of men lead to the punishment of their wives. <br /> <br /> Contrary to King David, who is king in favor of admittingly more interesting Saul, David is firmly in the middle of the drama and despite an interesting show of shoulder scrubbing and a reverend, Grimless, oblong proximity when visiting the place of Saul and Jonathan's death, Gregory Peck's performance grows to the extent that David shrinks. Susan Hayward is pure Hollywood pro, Raymond Massey is an appropriate theatrical prophet (why be naturalistic if you have a voice that shakes the heavens?) And Kieron Moore's Uriah is such an irreconcilable unrepentant chauvinist that you can't blame David exactly to get him into trouble, but despite the threat to soften, the film does not allow David to get a moral from the prison-free card over his death. With surprisingly strong but subdued design and Technicolor photography, it's definitely a cut above most 40's-50's Biblical stories. <br /> <br /> Fox's new DVD is a great transfer, including an incredible hokey 'frank' behind the scenes, and removing a short-haul trailer from the movie's only battlefield.
