Known for its many features, this film is a literary screenplay, for once-religious filmmaking, by Philip Dunne, a few good performances, an outstanding production in each section and his intelligent direction by veteran Henry King. If one makes a movie and then gets as much talent as Leon Shamroy as a cinematographer, Lyle Wheeler as art director and Alfred Newman as composer of original music will guarantee a quality production. Add the movie from this movie, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the title characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton plus a dance by Gwen Verdon and expectations that the resulting film could be. made in something special. But in a Biblical subject, usually a subgenre prone to illogical motivation and miraculous interventions, everything will ultimately depend on the writer's skills. Philip Dunne provided people here, a rare achievement in Biblical films. David is a man in this film, versatile, not someone who performs mythical acts on the paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-assured, self-defense and attractive. Like Bathsba, Hayward is hardly the perfect choice, but brings out a great deal of meanness and emotional normality that helps to see why the king of Israel would dare so much for her. The rest of the cast is stem and capable of turning. The well-known storyline gives them little to work with, but the writer Dunne and the cast do as much as possible with human situations. David's youth are told in flashback; how he was chosen by a prophet of Yahweh to be king of Israel and earn his way to be the second to king Saul, by defeating Goliath the Phi · thine in battle when everyone else is afraid to bear the giant warrior . Then he was eventually expelled from the court of King Saul of Israel, became a famous warrior and returned to claim the kingdom and became the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the king's son, formerly a friend. His wars are successful - the film is actually a successful attack; but his life has been empty since his wife, Michal Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and is cold to him. He turned to Bathsheba, which he saw naked from the palace roof; later she admits that she hopes he will see her. But she has a man Uriah; when she gets pregnant, Uriah needs to come from the battlefield and spend time at home; Rather, he asks that David put him in the forefront of the battle, even after he was awakened by Verdon's dance. David agrees. He is dead, a war hero; but it does not solve the question of infidelity. Drought comes to Israel, and the king's infidelity is blamed for the phenomenon. Eventually David put his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, he recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple. It caused the death of others who had accidentally come into contact with it, and asked God to punish him - and nothing happened. ... David leaves the temple and finds that rain has come in his outcast land. This film is always interesting, varied in its kinds of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and writer uses the observer principle and is more honestly humanizing the characters than in virtually any film outside the Grecianized-Near Eastern Canon, where performance is a little easier as not wonderful or religious themes are central to such adventures. . Remember for his glowing awareness, good performances and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort carries out repeated studies.
