I wasn't a fan of the first shooters. I was very reluctant to play this game. However, after playing the demo, I was sold. 'Undying' really drives you into the game and is part of the universe in which your character is in. You've called this green amulet, the "Gel'ziabar Stone", which has special powers and warns of specific events or things to look at. With a special game "The Scrye" you can see some things that would otherwise be invisible. Walking in a corridor you suddenly hear the magical stone whispering: "Look," with the stone glowing at a painting, for example. And then you can use some strange and flu things on the painting. Let me tell you to see something as scary as hell. People who expect to complete this game in a few hours can even forget about using cheats. This game relies on the character using whites and gently walks around. Because as in any horror movie, your environment is usually pretty dark. And ghosts and monsters appear randomly when you don't expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is this one scene where you want to enter a room where you are pushed back with so much power that it takes time to realize what happened. It was a scene that came straight from the horror classic "Evil Dead"! To experience such a thing is a real achievement. There are many elements that "Undying" take to the level of the best classic horror movies ever made. But unfortunately I have to report that there are errors. For one thing, the universe in which you play is great. You start out in a big house with all kinds of hidden secret rooms and even a hidden hell dimension called "Oneiros". It's all good at first. But with all the loading times and some tough enemies in between that can be frustrating. And there is no map. The game requires you to memorize your environment. Such patience is required. There are also some booths that you have to do otherwise you can't progress. I don't mind jumping on the platforms in a third person's adventures. But in the first person this can be an annoying task. Fortunately, you can save any time and place. And trust me you will need it. Overall "Undying" is an extraordinary first person shooter that is earned to be played by any horror or game fan.
