My scalp still fuses the burning coals attached to it when I promised I loved this movie. Bring up the coals; I will also walk over them to say that I love again. "Bend it like Beckham." Granted, there is a lot of "in spite of" in that confession. It's a little movie of the week; The script is on the paint-by-numbers side. And the most troubling, the director's comments imply, that in this movie beauty can occur mainly under the skin of the skin. <br /> <br /> The genius of the movie is not in the eye of the Syd Field doctored eye: character bows, themes, construction. It is in both the surface and deep underneath, but not in the low artistic topsoil that the judges seem to scratch. Powerful, sometimes semi-dressed, female bodies that not only appear on the screen, but kick the shit out of a football, do a better job of generating the female power and agility of the woman than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi ever do. These are true bodies (Keira Knightley's exception) whose work doesn't even look and kick later. They are working bodies whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, the main actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever captured on the screen? not just because she can claim the cut adjectives 'lying', but because her performance has an honesty and unboxing intelligence that is absolutely compelling. <br /> <br /> The result is a movie that women can enjoy without feeling like they are making a deal with the devil to do so. As in Chadha's "Bride and Bias", the relationships among women are sown with a chemistry that cannot be neatly locked into the solid Sweet Valley High categories of best friends or sisters. Perhaps Chadha is even right in her comment to reject the film's flirtation with lesbianism. "Bend it like Beckham" has an electricity that cannot be reduced to the simple hetero / homosexual love triangle. The exact nature of his fun is finally a little secret? and is even more tempting for it. <br /> <br /> Oh, and did I mention it's hilarious?
