The saddest thing about this movie is that only 8 people care about reviewing it, and no-one has commented on the message boards. <br /> <br /> Made the same year as Philadelphia ... the Tom Hanks Oscar winner ... this is the movie that people really should have seen and given awards. There is more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than in any other gay movie I've seen. And that's all true. <br /> <br /> To be printed I need to leave some more lines of text: it's enough to say that anyone who really wants to know what it was like to be gay in the 60's and 70's, and to to understand what Aids was before the modern drug "cocktails" allowed people to breathe a little easier ... it's the movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add a personal comment on AIDS. In spite of everything, there was actually a silver lining for all the horrors. When Aids arrived for the first time, it was called the "gay cancer", and governments chose to kill them rather than spend a red cent on research to save a lot of fags. Then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease. But the government was not ready for it; So when straight people got sick, the only organizations and associations available to them were those set up by gays themselves (examples: The Name Project: the quilt that everyone who died of AIDS remembers, and so on). The result is that people who would probably never get in touch with gays in their normal lives suddenly found themselves counting on them and needed them because no other organization existed. This close contact, in my estimation, is what ultimately broke down the barriers of prejudice and finally the straight world eventually accepted gays as equals. When Aids came on the scene for the first time, many of us thought that the straight world would use it as a way to get even harder on us ... and that would probably have been true if the punishment didn't suddenly get sick had not become; Nonetheless, the progress made in gay liberation - to the point that there are at least 5 countries in the world accepting gay marriages - these profits would probably have taken a long time without Aids bringing us. It is sad to think that all the people - straight and gay - had to die before our common humanity became more clear - but if what I am writing here is true and I think it is - then there is some comfort taken to realize that all those people have not died in vain.
