This film should be seen in the right mind. First, the central father-boy relationship makes it pretty clear that the film was intended as a prequel to his Wong Fei Hung movie "Drunken Master" (ideas from this movie come back in "Drunken Master II") and not " Young Master ". that Chan got rid of this plan and renamed the characters, indicates that he himself was not convinced that the material had come together properly and that the film was indeed a feeling of incomplete, for example the romantic relationship about half of that Plot turning is completely left behind at the end of the movie. "Young Master", of the same time, also feels submissive, but all his central threads are at least tied to the end. This movie feels as if Chan struggled with the plot and characters are trying to find its central theme, just to let go, possibly due to time and budget. <br /> <br /> Or maybe the movie is simply excessive. This is an important turning point film in Chan's career because he is committed to developing the central character above all other concerns - so there's a lack of kung fu throughout the film. Chan wants to make a historical romantic comedy that just happens to kung fu in it. But both the historical element and the romantic element occur just as little as plot wounds. <br /> <br /> It leaves us with the comedy. Since Chan's concern is character development, the comedy is mostly character-driven - as in the conflict between Chan's character and his best friend, an argument about a girl. But there is also a lot of slapstick. Frankly, I find the comedy amusing enough to forgive the incompleteness of the plot. <br /> <br /> This film represents an attempt by Chan to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. It doesn't quite work, and Chan will only find that formula after he has left the historical elements of his previous films, making the contemporary action comedy "Police Story". But back to see this movie, is still very informative how Chan worked his way through the historical genre, and perhaps why he left it.
