Despite Louis B. Mayer reportedly not interested in signing the young Greta Garbo to a contract, this first American and MGM actress for the actress looks pretty. It goes without saying that the film was awarded a wonderful talent for filming the production and making rugged paintings, as it has all the fun and craftsmanship that you expect from the best pictures the studio can produce. It looks pretty good - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> What Garbo herself looks like, like her other very early American movies, looks different. While fairly recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it will be a year later - which seems to her less serious and gentle on her that you just haven't seen in subsequent movies. I wish they'd kept this look, but consider how famous she became with the brand, who should I say they shouldn't go that route? The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are unfairly enforced by their landlord. While the landlady, the esteemed Doña Bernarda, claims it's because the bank has claimed payment, it's because her son has fallen to Garbo - and what better way to get rid of her than to force them out on the street! Beautiful lady, huh?! Years past and Garbo has now become a new world-renowned sensation. When she returned to her hometown years later, her old boyfriend (who promised HAD to marry her, but washed out when his mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow it) saw her. His new love for another lady has now been tested. Will he be happy to marry this woman who is the heir of a great pork lover or does he want his old flame? And, more importantly, would Garbo even take him back after he'd turned like that? Meanwhile, a huge rainstorm strikes. The country is beginning to flood and houses are being swept away by the flood soon. Cortez and a friend make a crazy crash if the dam breaks! In a scene where they apparently stopped his rowboat over the circuit, he eventually made it alive and to the house where Garbo now lives. She welcomed them inside and stayed with her until the storm passed. Then he admits that he still loves her and enchanted the storm to make sure she is safe. She tells him to get lost! Then you see Ricardo getting married with his second choice, the daughter of the Pork King. Of course, he has little enthusiasm for this - and you feel sorry for the lady, because she did nothing wrong. Soon Cortez will be looked back at Garbo's house - he is love sick and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is pretty light and can't leave him - as they solve each other's arms. Again he tells her about his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns about this, she is not satisfied. Apparently, a Pig Queen is a better catch than an internationally renowned singer. Due to the complicated old lady, Garbo leaves - unwillingly to come between the mother and her eyelash boy. But Cortez comes running and announces that he needs her and won't rest until he has her as his wife. Moments after making this proclamation, a family friend speaks to Cortez and convinces him to give her the good of his career and reputation. So much for "won't rest until he has her for his wife", huh? Although Cortez is a wimp through and through, for some reason she can't hate to hate him. And so he marries the Pig Queen and lives a very boring life. When years later, Garbo comes back to Cortez, he is a dull, chosen, middle-aged man - just as beautiful. And not surprisingly, she tells him again to get lost. <br /> <br /> By the time this movie was made, Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez was. So, in view of this, it's surprising that they gave Cortez such an unlikely character to play. Instead of the usual self-assured Valentino-like role, they gave him, here he is an undecided wimp - a GREAT wimp. And from now on his career was on a slow downward spiral. As far as Garbo is concerned, the role helped her as a great star, as she was the focus of the film and played a character like her later on personas. <br /> <br /> As far as the film is concerned, the new music has come together because it was very nice, but a little repetitive. The pressure, odd, was almost perfect throughout except the interstitial cards - which could use some recovery. <br /> <br /> A fun movie - expertly built, capricious and worthy. And for one of the few times I can think of, I have no real complaints in this excellent movie.
