Surprised and unhappy young baby Zandalee (a capricious and lively performance by a nice brunette hug Erika Anderson) feels trapped in an old and loveless marriage with failed poet and decent but dull businessman Thierry Martin (a solid and credible depiction by Judge Reinhold). Zandalee has a barren adulterous fling with a sloppy and arrogant artist, Johnny Collins (played well on Nicolas Cage's smartheart). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or will everything fall apart and go to seed? Director Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Mari Kornhauser are lying on the soup-opera styles histrionics as they try to tell a wannabe serious and informative story about desire that has amok and potentially dangerous consequences; the plot glorifies the rails in the last histrionic last third. The dialogue is also hilariously dumb and vulgar ("monster line:" I want to shake your naked and eat you alive "). Better still, this movie definitely offers very nice female nudity (the hilly, stately Anderson looks hot in the buff) and hissing semi-pornographic softcore sex tones (Johnny and Zandalee do the dirty act in a denomination rate as a definite steaming highlight ). The Tart'angang New Orleans area adds extra spices to the already steaming proceedings. With its long, slim black hair, greasy mustache, dirty mouth and coarse manners, Cage's Johnny is an absolute flute because the single most coarse unattractive "romantic" has ever been on celluloid. The role players deserve props to work with sincere sincerity. Anderson, Cage and Reinhold all do respectful work with their parts, with good support from Joe Pantoliano as Zandalee's cheerful flamboyant gay friend Gerri, Viveca Lindfors, as Theirry's acting mother, Tatta, Aaron Neville as friendly bartender Jack, and Steve Buscemi as a funny, blithely shameless thief. Walt Lloyd's sharp and shiny cinematography gives the picture an attractive look. The fragrant, harmonious count of Pray for Rain also hits the spot. A nice camp and seamless riot.
