I saw "New York: I Love You" today and loved it! I was really looking forward to seeing this after watching 'Paris your t'aime' and overall I thought this one was much better. Maybe I'll have to look at Paris again. . I read some of the reviews here about NY: ILY and yes, the movie is not without its faults. If you pay tribute to a city like New York, it can be quite overwhelming and nothing seems fair enough to do the city just justice. So without working on any of the shortcomings of the movie, I just write about what I In contrast to 'Paris je t'aime' in which each director's short film is properly segmented and titled, NY: ILY is not and many reviewers above have found the seamless stories and overlap of characters here annoying and even confusing. I thought differently. I loved how the stories flow one after the other and I especially overlapped the characters - it might be clumsy because it is so often done in movies. But I've always liked it because I didn't force it. And the idea that we're all connected in the end, has a capricious, even whimsical, quality - some of which may be clickable, but I love it. <br /> <br /> I like all the movies, but the one I touched was the most by Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well behaved and wrote that the revelation finally - which has not been used in the past - brought me to tears and I cried the whole segment that followed. I always liked Wright Penn and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. This precious initial few seconds when standing alone outside the restaurant, just before he gets the call - speaks volumes about Cooper's ability to convey a character by just being there without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most stories in This movie involves characters who meet or meet for the first time, with the exception of 4-5 stories in which the characters have known each other for a long time. It was for me (and maybe it was wrong) that the stories were different, but they all tried to get the point, the need to even walk back and the people and the things we know in a new light to see. in our lives for a long time; to the people and the things to see you with the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them just as you did when you met and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> The other movies I liked were those of Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, by Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, by Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby , by Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and again one by Yvan Sorg with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when in the cafe. I really need to see more work by Yvan Attal, because I like him a lot! <br /> Overall, watch this movie with an open mind. Don't Read Reviews Before Watching! It may not meet your expectations of what a movie should be over and over in New York and I doubt if any movie will really live up to that conception. Just look at this movie for some great music, beautiful landscape cinematography, a piece of life-comfort and a story or two that can only drag your heartbeat.
