New York, I love you. Eventually, it makes us shore, but its 10 short stories about love have not found enough reason to be released on Valentine's Day, probably because this year's festival also falls on Lunar New Year. That brings the usual LNY sturdy movies like Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest movie over that period. So why not make a non-broken formula? <br /> <br /> Continued concept where Paris, Je T'aime, started mocking the City of Love franchise (Shanghai will be next, says the end of the closing credits here), is definitely the buzz here about the Striking stories set in one of the world's cities to convey different interpretations of filmmakers to build love-based stories, although someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the finer points in the sandbox ground rules, and her short is uncertain of the scene issue because it couldn't fit in everything else (well, it's shot in black and white), but here's hope it would make it at least on the DVD . <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less compartmentalized compared to its predecessor, who, if the memory serves me well, has set individual stories within their own borders and never really created boundaries from its artificial outbreak. Here, a little more space is given, where characters from different stories work together in short filling segments used to use screens together, not just relying on shots made of buildings and landscapes, hoping to do things. A little more like Serendipitous with the idea of ​​casual encounters among strangers, though one story holds this mindset for its own story, to deliver a surprise, though it has been seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the foremost moves to put through a movie like this is definitely the creative force behind the stories, writers, directors, and films of different geographical and backgrounds that make up the cosmopolitan city. reflect on what comes together for a concept film. And the more the star-studded cabinet is, with big names among the lesser-known people acting in front of the picture, whether it's for the full length of the short or as a support to build. You can't deny the initial stargazing to recognize the notes, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also wrote and regulated), Rachel Bilson (much like Bardot looks very much) to Spielberg's blue-eyed Shia LaBeouf, who can surprisingly act and show more in his few minutes here than his entire filmography to date. <br /> <br /> Storytelling, like any anthology, you'll find a few that will automatically appeal to you and to others who don't. Some are straight in nature, while others have to come with gimmicky twists who worked happily. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer has given duties to put it all together for a more organic feeling instead of just ordinary photo pickups of lesser-known areas and established landmarks), somehow has the spirit of his predecessor , with stories rooted in reality, compared to some fantastic elements in the previous movie (Elijah Wood's dalliance with a vampire anyone?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle's, and Tom Tykwer's lead Natalie Portman. Here, the filmmakers seemed to have chosen very well for safe, without being in the spirit of adventure and experimentation. <br /> <br /> Less dubious aside, I enjoyed almost all the shorts, unlike many others. The short film format is still very lively, and if they are teamed up under the City of Love, the banner works well and I wondered which other cities were included in its rankings. I hope the franchise might catch up and expand its influence here. We definitely have enough productive filmmakers to string a Singapore, I Love You, so here my fingers are about to have something in the way. Otherwise, there is always the Sawasdee Bangkok route to make the franchise house rules without any attachments.
