Walt Disney and his 9 old men put their own 1950s spin on the classic Cinderella fairy tale, which I think you can say helps form an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> THE PLOT: Cinderella is a pretty girl who can't get a break. She is the daughter of a beautiful, wealthy widow who loved her, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young and Cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure. He eventually married the woman who would be known as Lady Tremaine, herself a widow with two daughters about the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first they seem to come together, but then Cinderella's father died and Lady Tremaine's true nature was revealed. She was a cold, cruel, sad, heartless, mean woman, and she conveyed the attributes to her daughters. spoiled, bratty, and equally moderate. Anastasia & Drizella hates Cinderella because they know deeply that she looks better and an overall beautiful, attractive lady than themselves (ie more attractive to men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for about the same reasons. As the years have passed, Lady Tremaine has wasted the family's fortune in a stubborn but useless quest to improve / refine her awkward, unattractive daughters (to call them "homely" would be an insult to homeless people) everywhere) while all three Cinderella leaks have expired. the multitasking servant of the house, abusing her, abusing her and humiliating her every chance they get (they especially love raising her already absurd workload). This brings us to Cinderella in the present, where she blew in a beautiful young lady who somehow managed to stay friendly and fine despite her abused step family and hoping that the tables would one day come in. her favor will change. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets her shot at freedom and happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to a qualifying young girl so that he can settle for her, a family can start, etc. Of course, her stepfather didn't try to attend her, even as far as physically attacking herself and ripping the dress she had acquired for herself (with a little help from her mouse combs - the dress belongs to her biological mother) . Eventually, Cinderella pushes on the courtyard and screams in despair. It is at that stage that her fairy grandmother, a short, plump, cheerful woman, arrives with Cinderella and offers a transformed dress (Cinderella will definitely not make a good impression on the ball when she enters the scene as she raped only gang). Cindy comes to the ball, the Prince falls to her hard, but the boring midnight rule gets in the way and forces her to flee, but behind a glass cup behind. Make a long story short. After a long disturbing quest to find the mysterious girl by trying on the glass knob, Cinderella is found and she and the prince are getting married and giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Overall, a pleasant Disney classic. Not without his mistakes, the prettiest of the Prince's, is not much more than a MacGuffin to help the plot together. He has very little screen time and even less dialogue, so we never get to know him well or look closely at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate, as the prince originally intended to play a larger role according to the documentary version) ), and a few additional scenes to help Cinderella herself could have been helpful (there was a song that showed her that she had been transformed into an army of maids to clean the house, and step family to relax the ball to show her entertainment on their jealousy, which was cut because Walt himself thought it was her, yet Cinderella herself is an enjoyable heroine, though she is raised by her mouse friends, and there is " a sweet for the movie that gets harder to find these days, of course, if it is made now, Cinderella would probably have gained more of a fight against her family during the clothing scene and would probably free herself in the climax (either by the lock's lf make or make an impractical but exciting leap from her window), but this is next to the point. <br /> <br /> And for all who say Cinderella puts a bad example for young girls, think it now - at least Cinderella didn't get drunk to get drunk. and insignificantly exposed, unlike some contemporary "princesses" (you know who I mean).
