People criticize Disney's animated features of the 1950s because they are excessively shiny, in landscapes that are far too pristine. That criticism is not. And yet it can't be the whole story, because the two least shiny - Alice in Wonderland and Peter Pan - are also the worst. "Cinderella", on the other hand, in a world where the dirty sparkle is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The backgrounds are subtle and consistent; the colors are pure without being too bright. The animation varies slightly. I will swear that some of the people are rotoskop - but then the rotoscopic people (including Cinderella themselves) are not full-blooded characters in the writing, so this approach works well enough. It's really the animals that make the movie. I think the studio has never used so many animals this way, rather than totems rather than sidekicks. The mice, for example, are the creatures we draw in the story; but they are really representatives or allies of the more colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch's familiar to the Wicked Stepmother. (The cat was brilliantly designed and animated - one of the best cat creations of all time. The supervisor was Ward Kimball and he modeled it on his own cat. I wonder how he is sitting with the animal.) This approach allows the animals. to steal the show without drawing our attention from the main story. Their actions are only of great importance in the light of the main story. <br /> <br /> Among the supporting role players are the well-known and the Great Duke. The king is a one-note character - he wants grandchildren and no longer looks - but the note is pleasantly beaten. The Great Duke is a striking character who deserves to be lifted from his sphere, as Cinderella does. (Although of course he is richer.) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is Disney's return to features after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with any subsequent movie, will he be the raw brilliance of his early years. . He also made things difficult for himself by choosing "Cinderella". She is a passive heroine and there is not much anyone can do about it. (Maybe I'm wrong on this score. I didn't see the recent "Ever After".) Still, how successful Disney was to bring this unforgettable story to life without cutting the grain of its spirit.
