Legendary film producer Walt Disney has brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales on display. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was its pioneering classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves" released in 1937. The latter was the esteemed "Sleeping Beauty" made in 1959. Between these two were perhaps his most satisfying adaptation of a classic fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the one that is true to its origin. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", which has become better or worse for many the definitive version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a hit and, like "Snow White", responsible for restoring the vanishing Disney fortune, it never achieved the same audience recognition it certainly deserved. Disney once made himself proud and chose not to tamper with a classic, but rather to extend the content of the story rather than rewriting it to the screen. The result was mesmerizing. <br /> <br /> A combination of fantastic animation (in beautifully soft Technicolor) and the perfect voice talents has brought the story to life with a look that endures to this day. Ilene Woods, a radio exporter, recorded demonstration slides of the songs as a favor for the writers of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he found his Cinderella. And indeed he did. Woods' warm versions of a dream are a wish your heart makes, "so it is love" and "o sing sweet night nails" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who is going to speak in Maleficent in "Sleeping Beauty", has mastered the enormous cruelty of the stepmother while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly nasty. Luis Van Rooten performed wonderfully as both the King and the Great Duke, and James Macdonald was endearing to both Jaq and Gus, Cinderella's dedicated mice. William Phipps has a small dialogue with the prince (future talk show host, Mike Douglas, voiced his voice), but Verna Felton (film and Disney veteran) was born to play the fairy grandmother. She created the best number, Oscar-nominated "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" her own show stop. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "look" of the movie, Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color was admired by Disney. Her elegant French-era wallpapers add immensely to the quality of the movie. But most important of all are the believing characters - from Cinderella, to Lucifer, the stepmother's lovely evil cat. They bring life and vitality to the often told story, something very difficult to create in an animated movie. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the movie's 55-year-old birthday (and not so coincidentally, the upcoming holiday season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special edition DVD. It simply never looked better. The full recovery movie needs to be appreciated - it's enough to say it looks great. A reinforced stereo soundtrack has been added, and the music plays well. The DVD extras, which are now a standard part of Disney Platinum Editions, are too much to list here, but as usual some of them are aimed at children, some are oblique to adults and the rest are somewhere in between. But true fans will want to get the Deluxe gift pack, because along with a real movie from the movie and eight character sets, it contains a 160-page hardback book that not only contains most of the material in the book. 1995 special edition home video release, but much more. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So, if I love you, you are a "Cinderella" lover, get it now! This issue is really a "Dream Come True."
