And here's another piece of evidence to claim that we all have to worship the Italian giallo and admit that it's the most unique subgenre in horror. Emilio Miraglia's "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a completely fascinating healthy original plot, stylish production values, enchanting music, great actors and extremely gory murders. It is a fantastic giallo (released in the 1972 golden year) which is in the top five of every Italian theater fan. The storyline not only suggests your average black-gloved & sexually frustrated killer, but mixes good good old-fashioned revenge motifs with the macabre myth of the murderous "Red Queen". At great age, their grandfather constantly tells fighting brothers and sisters, Kitty and Evelyn, about a rude lady who, once every 100 years on April 6, kills seven people whose sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty became the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even the bed with the general manager) when suddenly the deadly spree started. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious culprit, but she recently went to the states ... Or did she? Complex, but compelling and involved red herring are thrown to you every few minutes and the Red Queen character is definitely the most fascinating killer in Giallo history. Her face can never be seen, but she wears a scarlet robe and produces the most horrible laugh when she has made a new victim. She is also not very gentle, since her victims were stabbed with a dagger, dragged behind cars and even covered in fences! The latter is truly one of the greatest (= most horrific) acts of violence I've ever seen! What more could you ask for? Some elegant and tasteful nudity, perhaps? The beautiful female actresses more than covered it, including Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the best-known giallo director, as he just made this one and the equally recommended "The Night Evelyn Out of the Tomb", but his influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
