while the hard-boiled detectives of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler at the theater are equipped as a fox in a chicken coop - which definitely creates modern American genre and style in the process - those called Golden Age fiction hardly made any impression whatsoever no. The problem with books like that of Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (on whose work this film is based) is that they are little on action or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe is the average streets LA, working classrooms , bars, offices, rich homes, and meet all sorts of exciting dangers and violence. Golden Age fiction is generally set in place, the scene of the murder, usually a cute country house. The action is limited to investigation clues and interviewers. This is a very static process, plot reduction to puzzle. <br /> <br /> It is, of course, so much ideological as anything else, the Golden Age stories about a community that is hostile to change and movement. The hard-boiled novels that capture an urban reality are increasingly moving away from a center (authority as well as from a city) and divide it into hostile, ever-unmanageable and lawless camps. Another big problem with Golden Age fiction is character - because we cannot know the answer to the crime, we cannot get access to characters' motivation or emotions, solely through their potential murder provision. The detective, unlike the anxious, biased private eyes, is simply there to be brilliant, and perhaps a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most movies from Golden Age books is that they are trying to be a time of relaxation from the Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school, and finally look stupid. There were successes, for example, the radical reworkings of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world there were actually only two. The Alistair Sim classic, 'Green For Danger', works because it almost pushes the shape, while never betraying the integrity or interest of the mystery. Prior to that, Michael Curtiz's brilliant "The Kennel Murder" fell. The narrative is pure Golden Age. A repulsive character is introduced that gives a number of potential suspects the reason to kill him. Murdered properly, indicating suicide, in a closed room, caricatural policemen dropping hopelessly for Philo Vance, a gentleman and amateur detective, not old or fat, to read the clues more insightfully , opening the case out of the room, and finally solving the case, the body is a little more than the excuse for intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> What is interesting is not this detective's plot - which can only be unsatisfactory as all solutions are - although it is rarely less than entertaining and full of comic pieces. There is not even an attempt to distort the image of the perfect detective - there is one exciting scene where ' a brutal sergeant t threaten to call a suspect, without Vance's protest, but it's about it. <br /> <br /> What points 'Kennel' as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a major author because he has no consistent themes or evidence of artistic development. But he was Hollywood's greatest craftsman and he's on sensational form here. If the Golden Age detective story is just puzzle, Curtiz takes the idea of ​​being a logical extreme, creating an abstract variation on its source, the story, character and location of geometry, a series of lines, of the beautiful art Deco sets up to the glorious camera movements that suddenly break from a static composition, and as they roar at an angle, the dead decor shoots to life. <br /> <br /> This treatment is suited to a story that firmly refuses realism; it is a pattern that changes the detective's plot into a mirror room, such as the two central brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from an 'Unresolved Mysteries' book. This fantasy world of nasty rich men gathering oriental relics (shades of The Moonstone?), Incompatible Chinese servants, cute slaves, dog-loving fops, Runyonesque cops, is the perfect habitat for Vance, a man who wants a trip to Europe on a fanciful hunch, who knows the social world of these people, and is busy with his interest in crime and association with the police, or would he not be a thinker anymore, William Powell, the largest American comedian of the decade is brave to underestimate his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rare, the climax is spectacularly cruel, with raging dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective, who are supposed to prevent crime, are guilty of attacking one.
