There are a few films that every Horror fan is guilty of seeing him or her, and Emilio Miraglia's "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" drive. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. With Gialli and Gothic Tales who were my two favorite subgenres in Horror, I have seen some time to see this movie and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece exceeded my greatest expectations. Miraglia's former Giallo, "The Night Evelyn Gom came from The Grave" (1971) was already a creepy and highly atmospheric film that Giallo mixed with Gothic Horror, but this may not be comparable to this direct personal favorite. "The Red Queen Death Seven Times" is, hands off, one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian Horror films ever made, and no loved one of the genre might consider missing it. An incredibly mesmerizing Giallo with strong Gothic elements, "The Red Queen", delivers everything one can expect in any subgenre: an inventive and incredibly compelling plot, spine-cold tension, sublime rude attitude and a real creepy atmosphere, frankly sumptuous colors, attractive murders, a brilliant score, and not least, a surprising female movie by the beautifully beautiful Barbara Bouchet. This movie is simply one of the best combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The movie begins immensely in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn fought when their grandfather told them the story behind an incredibly ravenous painting. Legend has it that a hostile Red Lady must return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly people are being killed. Director Miraglia has already proven his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful creepiness with "The Night Evelyn From The Grave" and he uses these elements even more effectively in this gem. . "The Red Queen Seven Times" is a feast for the eyes, and one of the most overwhelming Italian Horror movies is visual and plot. The spectacular painting in the grandfather's castle alone is capable of giving the chicks the chicks. The Red Lady (or Red Queen, as she is called in the English title) is probably the most ardent figure ever in a Giallo, the backbone-chilling laugh that accompanies the murders, will even be frightening on its own. <br /> <br /> A sexy women's throw is always appreciated, especially in a Giallo, and this is a great example. The surprising Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) has to be one of the most beautiful beautiful ladies ever to be on display, and she is also a great actress. Bouchet's presence has rated many Italian films, including the appearance she had in three of the biggest Kult masterpieces of the Italian 70s theater in 1972: Fernando Di Leo's Milano Calibro 9, Lucio Fulci's Giallo Highlight Don. t torture a duckling "and this unforgettable gem. Apart from the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the movie's beautiful female rollercoaster includes the sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti (" The Night Evelyn From The Tomb) ", and other beauty that doesn't scared to shave it off for the camera. <br /> <br /> As the whole movie, the murders are stylish and extremely elegant but frightening and macabre, and some of them are rather sorry. Bruno Nicolai's enchanting score is just as memorable as it gets, and makes the movie's intensely honest atmosphere even more haunting. The plot is ingeniously ruined and full of red pegs, the thrill is used with every passing minute. "The Red Queen ..." begins to creepy and it stay stunning for the last second. Overall, this is one of the movies I can't find enough praise for. "The Red Queen Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that has easily been ranks among the best Gialli ever, and a top priority for every f from Horror and / or Italian theater. 10/10
