Michael Curtiz directs this 1930's very stylish female of a screenplay by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they adapted was "The Kennel Murder Case", perhaps from the author's point of view, the best of the Philo Vance mysteries by the strange S.S. From Yours. Vance was a long-term and superior detective genius, and his character assigned to William Powell probably meant that the drivers at Warner Brothers were aware of the possibility that the detective might alienate less complicated hands. Fortunately, they were awarded first place for William Powell. later he was played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas before being sent to the B image status. The other question, as always with Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as a character; their love was to choose men who worked outside the law, without any discrimination between an evil killer and a champion of individual rights against all people. This movie features a despicable villain who is murdered and a claustrophobic-challenging place in an apartment complex. The characters are exceptionally well-known, the direction is pretty good and unusually fast; And, apart from a dark B / W look, the movie avoids the comic types, superfluous characters and irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many early detective entries. Jack Okey did the good art. The music by Berhard Kaun is useful; Orry-Kelly did the costumes. William Reese provides mainly indoor cinematography. In the interesting cast, Powell is THE Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober with just a hint of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual and plays very straightforwardly as an admiring police partner to Vance, with his very professional timing. The other actor who comes out best is beautiful Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what is written as a red herring part. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this stage in her career, she has talked a little too fast to be as effective as she did later. Also in the film were Helen Vinson as the villain's wife, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the villain who killed everyone, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his beloved brother with Robert. McWade as the DA; odd and funny Etiienne Girardot has a wonderful, funny part as the funny little forensic doctor coming to the crime scene. James Lee as the abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story breaks into four parts. First, there is a spectacle at a dog show, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh all show Western Highlands terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title over his own entry. The second part of the scene involves an engagement; someone was confused enough by who went where, after coe parts of his girlfriend, Vinson, accidentally killed his beautiful brother. Enter Vance to find out who did in a closed room in Archer Coe and how, with the help of Palette; the romantic problems are rectified, the Chinese servant is relieved, we find out who broke the expensive vase, who will marry who, how Archer coe was done and why the butler didn't do it - but someone else with a good excuse done. This is more than a good little mystery, which the very talented Hungarian-born director Curtiz has taken very seriously. He uses nappies, quick cuts, changes in camera angle and alternation between straight and brave camera work to achieve variety, interest and sustained fit. Many authors, critics and experts, myself included, believe this is the best of the Vance projects, although others are also treasured.
