"Markham," said Philo Vance (William Powell), the criminal Philo Vance (William Powell) for the district attorney: "I am increasingly convinced that Archer Coe was killed in this room. fragments ... it's all here. "" But Vance, "said Markham," do you mean to tell me a dead one was walking on the floor? " "I'm trying to tell you nothing but the facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. Rich, arrogant Archer Coe, didn't like it to be found by anyone who knew him in a chair in his bedroom, a pistol in his hand and a gunshot wound to his head. But wait. Further investigation shows Coe was hit hard by a blunt instrument that broke his skull. Then there is the dagger wound in his back. Complementary issues are that Coe's bedroom door and windows are all locked from the inside. Coe was not a suicide; it was murder. But how could the killer escape? What was the specific motivation, as there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the main floor? <br /> <br /> The Kennel Murder case, now 73 years old, still offers an attractive look at the old, closed room classic whodunit. What makes it as good as it does is firstly the secret is complicated and clever, but is still logical. Secondly, is the amusing, sure performance of William Powell. Consider his work as Philo Vance as a rehearsal for his great performances like Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his mind to share things together. He is also a good company. Powell was a star in the Twenties and gradually moved up in status and popularity when the talks took over. His intelligence, style and effortless sophistication made him one of the most contemporary appearances of past actors. <br /> <br /> It's also nice to see some other great faces. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the young, resentful and potentially rich neighborhood of Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as a titled Brit hovering around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her especially sultry and selfish way (see how she does her good in Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a little elderly man as the difficult dr. Doremus, whose work as a defendant and medical investigator takes him away from his meals; and Ralph Morgan as Archer Coe's private secretary. This movie has a high percentage of middle-aged men without unmade fat. Most of all is Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and gravel voice, as detective nuisance. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-term acquaintances who actually look each other.
