Gregory Peck's brilliant depiction of Douglas MacArthur of the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the start of the Pacific War, mainly to his removal as UN commander during the Korean War, offers reason to believe all three of the above possibilities. Certainly, the most controversial American general of World War II (and possibly ever) MacArthur is presented here as a man of massive contradictions. He claims that soldiers desire peace above all, but he believes, of course, in the war; he consistently denies political ambitions, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to strengthen himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that soldiers under his command must follow his orders to the letter, but he himself deliberately challenged orders from the president of the United States; He shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan), but is totally out of touch with his own country. All these things are kept in balance throughout this movie, and eventually the viewer is left to draw his or her own conclusions about the man, although one is undoubtedly left to MacArthur's sincere and passionate love for his country, and especially the army. He dedicated his life. <br /> <br /> As I said, Peck's performance was brilliant - about to overshadow almost everyone else in the movie (which may be appropriate, given who he portrays!) with the possible exception of Ed. Flanders. Although he gave a compelling look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "His Majesty"), angry, frustrated and ultimately brave with this general who simply would not respect his authority as president . Marj Dusay was also intriguing as MacArhur's wife, Jean, dedicated to her husband (who she called herself as 'general', although their relationship was a happy one.) I enjoyed this movie very much, though it might have been a little more about MacArthur's early life. I always clung to MacArthur's response to Eisenhower as president elected ("He'll be a good president - he was the best damn clerk I've ever had" - which looks like MacArthur thought the president's role, especially its military commanders during wartime.) Worth looking at. 8/10
