It is noteworthy that the mine is just the third review of this movie, while "Patton-Lust for Glory", producer Frank McCarthy's previous biography of a controversial US general from World War II, has so far attracted nearly one hundred comments. Like a previous reviewer, I am interested in why one movie should receive so much more attention than others. <br /> <br /> One difference between the two films is that Patton is more focused and concentrates on a relatively short time and immediately after the end of World War II, while "MacArthur" not only covers this war, but also the role of the profession in the Korean War, as well as its period as American governor of occupied Japan during the interlude. /> <br /> However, the biggest difference lies in the way the two leaders are played. Gregory Peck dominates this movie even more than George C. Scott dominates "Patton". While Scott had another great star, Karl Malden, against him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in 'MacArthur' are household names, at least for their movie work. Of course, Scott portrayed Patton as aggressive and fiery, a man who was at war with the rest of mankind, not just with the enemy. I suspect General MacArthur was in real life as a volcanic individual like Patton, but that's not how he appears in this movie. Peck's MacArthur is a more reflective, thorough bow, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. Sometimes he seems to be a man of political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could be written by a paid-up member of CND and his policy for reforming the Japanese society during the US occupation gave them a semi-socialist air. In an effort to show something of MacArthur's inspirational leadership gift, Peck makes him a good speaker, but his speeches always seem more due to the studied tricks of the practiced rhetoric than to any fire in the heart. It is as if Atticus Finch of `To Kill a Mockingbird 'had a common uniform. <br /> <br /> While Scott tried a 'wart and all' portrait of Patton, the criticism was made that 'MacArthur' is trying to shine some of its less attractive features. I think this criticism is fair, especially in the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to interfere, military ignorant politicians who did not know how to fight the war and got rid of his pains when victory was in his grip. Of course, many historians feel that Truman was forced to sack MacArthur because the latter's actions were a threat to world peace and had no choice but to accept a stalemate, as Stalin would not have allowed his Chinese allies to be humiliated no. Even during Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur came over as more idealistic than its original original was likely to be; we see little of his unrest and naivety about political matters. (Truman's remark, "he knows so much about politics like a pig knows about Sunday," is said about Eisenhower, but it can equally apply to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's warts reflects the period in which it was made. The late seventies, after the twin races of Vietnam and Watergate, were a difficult time for America, and a public reassurance could have welcomed a reassuring heroic depiction of a previous generation's military figure. Another criticism I would make of the movie is that it falls between two stools. If it were to be a complete biography of MacArthur, something of his early life had to be shown, which is not covered at all. (The first we see from the general is when he leads the US resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One theme that runs throughout the film is the influence of genl. MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I would like to see what kind of guy Arthur MacArthur was, and just why his son regarded him as such a hero and role model. Another interesting way of making the movie would have been to focus on Korea and MacArthur's collision with Truman, with equal prominence to the two men and to actors of similar form they play. The way the movie really is made seems to me less interesting than any of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> It would be wrong, however, to give the impression that I didn't keep the movie completely. Although I did not agree with Peck's interpretation of the lead role, there is no denial that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of solid, real biopsy, considerate and informative. It's a good movie, but one that could be a better one. 7/10. <br /> <br /> On a pedantic note, the map shown by MacArthur during the Korean War, the DMZ, shows the boundary between the two Korean states that have not come into existence until after the war. (The pre-war border was the 38th equilibrium). Also, I think MacArthur refers to the "tocsin" of the war. War can be poisonous, but it is difficult to listen to a poison with thirsty ear.
