When I passed Hollywood video, I watched their sounding movies and there were DEMONICUS for five buckaroos plus fifty percent off! I only saw it once and couldn't pass this big part! The second look was much better than the first. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you haven't seen Demonicus yet, I recommend that you do it or if you have hired and hated, Demonicus gives it another chance, as another view may change. If you've seen a copy at Hollywood Video for the price I got it, don't give it up because it's a lot! Demonicus is a very different but entertaining movie. Keep it or not This is a very low budget and actors. I'm sure no one is familiar with it. We started the video game, I mean movie with an old and a woman in Italy and there is a cave that actually looks like a railway and railroad tunnel and she says don't go there and what does he do ? The usual stuff! HE DIDN'T LIKE IT! He goes in there and finds many gladiator artefacts and weapons and an almost perfect body of a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where did the chair come from, the Tyrannous was asleep and how did his body stay so well and where did the Kettle Pot come from? So every cave is filled with a Caultron Pot? Tinted wears its weapon, helmet and has a weapon or two. He does the stupid thing one can do, he puts on the helmet and is taken over by the spirit of tirannous! From there he walks around and kills all the campers and brings back the real Tirannous. <br /> <br /> Now I said before she was like a video game. It's hard to explain, but it just so feels. The music even sounds like video games. The acting is really terrible. The actors say things like he does, oh he was both and fine because he was nuts, I went home! Also, the movie also has big bugs like a man running and trying to find his girlfriend at night and still runs in the day that is still looking for her without taking a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has errors but it's not classic like Werewolf, but it's fun if you really enjoy low budget erroneous movies, then you see Demonicus better!
