The consequences of work-related stress and the pressure born from a moral dilemma that makes conscience against the obligations of a family business (albeit a unique one) have put everything at risk - or perhaps the catalyst of - a midlife crisis. investigated in the dark and absorbing drama, 'Panic', written and directed by Henry Bromell, and with William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It's a prominent look at how uncertainty and denial can cause the internal strife and misery that ultimately lead to apathy and that moment of truth when the conflict is essential. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; He has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a provisional six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail order business he walks out of the house, as well as his main source of income, the family 'Business he with his Dad, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain), share. But he is empty; Years of this particular trade made him deadly and loosened, and in a spiritual state that drove him to a psychologist, dr. See Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make matters worse (or perhaps better, depending on the perspective), he meets in the doctor's waiting room a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence only makes him feel alive for the first time since he can remember. She quickly became another brick in the wall of the moral conflict his work had visited on him, as in the days after their encounter, he simply couldn't stop thinking about her. His whole life seems to have become a 'situation' - of which he apparently is unable to successfully eradicate himself without hurting those he loves. He may deny his age and the fact that he has indeed gone into a real midlife crisis, but he is about to discover that the problems he is facing simply do not go by himself. He's at a crossroads, and he'll have to decide which way to go. And he'll have to do it very soon. <br /> <br /> From an intrinsically interesting concept, Bromell has made an exciting character study that is informative and enticing. He suggests that this is a way of making moments of reflection that enable the audience to understand and understand what Alex is going through. He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers, that there is no easy way out in real life. His characters are well-defined and very real people representing the diversity of life and, moreover, within any given family unit. The film resoundingly means that the sins of the father are irretrievably transmitted to the offspring, with irreversible consequences and consequences. When you grow up, you accept your personal environment as that of the world as a whole; and it is often years to maturity that one can begin to realize and understand that there are actually moral parameters that are run by each individual on the planet, and that those set by the father cannot be conducive to the boy's principles. And it is at that stage that Alex finds himself unfolding; ergo, the midlife crisis, or more specifically the conscience crisis he can't escape. It's a powerful message, concise and subtly conveyed by Bromell, with the help of some excellent performances by his actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy has been one of the leading characters in the business. , create as diverse characters as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in `Magnolia, 'The Shoveler in' Mystery Men 'and Jerry Lundegaard in` Fargo. 'And it's just a sample of his many achievements. At one point in this movie, Sarah calls Alex's "sad eyes," and it's a very narrative remark, because in it lies the power of Macy's performance here, his ability to convey a very real emotion to an understated , credible way of experiencing all the inner turmoil he is experiencing. Think of the scene in which he wakes up in bed and stares in the darkness; In that one restless moment it is clear that he is struggling, not only with his immediate situation, but with everything in his life that ultimately brought him to this point. In that scene you find the sum total of a life of debt, confusion and uncertainty, which has been successfully suppressed so far; All the things that have always been the heart of Alex's life, he has only gradually gone through his defense mechanisms and eventually turned up and asked for confrontation and resolution. It is a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute accuracy that makes Alex really unforgettable. It is a character for anyone who has ever faced a seemingly insurmountable situation to be able to relate. It's a huge piece of work by one of the best actors. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also very effective; She Michael is remarkably sinister in a way that is so real it chill. It is frightening to consider that such people are actually walking on earth. It is not a pulp fiction or a James Bond type villain, but a true personification of the evil, hiding behind an outward appearance that is so normal to be the man next door, makes it all the more disturbing . And Sutherland brings it all brilliantly, with a good performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell seems to be part of Sarah, but her performance (as usual with her) seems somewhat pretentious, although her affected attitude only happens to fit the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. If she were to change her energy soon, it would make a big difference in the way she presented her characters. "Panic", however, is one of her best efforts; a powerful movie that is ultimately a journey worth taking. 9/10. <br /> <br />
