First of all it was not a three hour movie. Two hours, ten minutes. The last time I checked was not really part of a movie! Perhaps it should be two hours for two parties, though. Yes, more would come in, I could investigate more emotion. Overall, however, it was an interesting look at the lives of Lucy and Desi. I watch Lucy from time to time and like it, but I've never read or seen a biography, never knew anything about their lives. Because of this movie I'm doing now but I'm not so sure it's a good thing. Everything here didn't really need anyone to know. It was essentially a movie not to be made. But it's made and the reason is that Lucy & Desi are so big stars and some people in American society feel the rest of society should know EVERYTHING about our TV and movie stars. It is certainly not true and very, very sad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, shown here in Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress Viv Vance played - not good at all. And switching from Madeline Zima to Rachel York .... Uhhh, as Lucy had plastic surgery and suddenly she's a whole new person! It wasn't too big. But the story continued and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy & Desi. No, the kids were not shown at all and it was not necessarily a disadvantage to this movie, as, as I said, it was mainly Lucy & Desi. If there was more time, the story was more about Lucy's whole life, then the kids might be more there. But they were not so, we had to briefly see the holders of Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton. Wow, that was one thing about this story I thought was really cool: its presence and influence in Lucy's life. Actually neat and it's too bad, it's no longer under investigation. Oh good. What has been investigated is well done, for the most part. Honestly, I don't think I'll ever see it again and I don't think this movie will be so memorable. For someone digging, I love Lucy, but I'm not a huge Lucille Ball fan, it should be an interesting look. My grade for this: B
