Last Christmas, I was fortunate to receive one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne boxing sets from my better half, but made the last part of the trilogy look until yesterday. Given how many recent trilogies stumbled across the finish line instead of arguing triumphantly about it, I was somewhat cautious about approaching "The Bourne Ultimatum", but I really didn't have to worry. The performances for electric action and crushers struggle effortlessly along the intelligent story lines to make this one of the best action thrillers I can see and a sublime end to an excellent series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns to an apparent leak over Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - to the journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) at the Guardian. Should remember more about his half-forgotten past, Bourne takes up the trail again, but others at the CIA, including deputy director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe Bourne is the lick and the rogue agent with renewed power begins follow. Can Bourne finally get the answers he was looking for or would his old employers silence him? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt a bit disappointed about "The Bourne Supremacy" as it plunged the brand realism of its action scenes and focused on a proper spy role. Not to mention that it was completely lost, but compared to the fantastic Bourne Identity, it was more than a slow burning spy novel, rather than an action thriller. No such worries - every car accident, punch, kick and gunshot is heard and felt with visceral delight, but fortunately it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and gripping spy story in its heart to base the action. It also brilliantly includes the two previous films, which provide a suitable book for the trilogy, as things are explained and expanded to the full picture. Implementation in the world is almost flawless. Even Julia Styles is offering something more than farm-like candy. The only real downer is that, like the other Bourne movies, it has little to do with the original novel, but if you're not a hard Ludlum fan, it's not really a real reason to watch a movie like this. this of the very high caliber. <br /> <br /> Nothing pleases me more than a movie that pleasantly surprised me and despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a cracked film filled with enough bone-crossing action to satisfy the meat - heads as well as a plot that never threatens to leave your attention for a minute. Even at the last line, you're never quite sure if a happy ending is guaranteed, but whether you're a fan of the series or not (and if not, what else do you want?), This is a movie you really should follow off as soon as you can. No wonder this series forced the producers of the Bond movies to cast out 40-year film history to start again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and recently made Bond films look more like Austin Powers. Compared to "Casino Royale", the Bond series triggered the reboot it desperately needed. Missing the Jason Bourne movies is a crime worthy of showing - copying the DVD for yourself. Not the Ultimate Bourne Collection - Limited Edition, I'm Afraid!
