When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ago, I have to admit that I didn't think much of it. Then I was eleven years old, so maybe I was too young to really get into the storyline and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago when Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but still didn't think it was as good as I expected it to be judged by the trailers. Over the past two years I have been telling many times that the Bourne films were wonderful, many times I bitten my tongue and didn't say what I really thought of the movies. Until two months ago I couldn't have had a damn about the Bourne Ultimatum, I really had no intention of viewing it. But then I decided to go back and see the first two again before making any sudden decisions. So I went out and bought both the original movies. And what a surprise it was to me when I was grabbed by them. Identity I found the superior of the two, but Supreme is not far behind. They're both slender, action-packed and exciting bits of cinema I've watched several times since I bought it. As a result, I was on the line for the first time to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And the boy didn't disappoint Bourne Ultimatum! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne movies, I saw him in the talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought much about him in general. However, it appears that he was born to play Bourne (forgive the pun). In this series we saw the character change before our eyes, in this movie we see Matt Damon at its best, even better than he was in The Departed and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. You really find yourself caring for the character and hope he finds out everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a silent intensity and you always find his character extremely credible. The film supporting the movie was also outstanding. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, here she excelled herself. Her character is also very credible and she has a wonderful play at the end of the movie. Julia Stiles appears again as Nicky and eventually we learn a little about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress and I think she deserves much more roles, good roles, than she gets. David Strathairn is a newcomer to this series as Noah Vosen, he is definitely the bad man of the movie and he is really excellent. He's definitely the most beautiful character we've met, and some of the decisions he makes are really nasty. Strathairn enjoys the role and he also gets some fantastic scenes in the movie. Special mention should also go to Albert Finney, who uses most of his too short screen time. I will say nothing about the character, it is best as a surprise, but trust me his scenes are of the highlights of the movie. <br /> <br /> The Bourne movies have always had a tight focus on the storyline more than the action sequences. It is not to say that the trilogy has missing action verbs, good god, many of them are dotted in the movie. . But running throughout the movie is a very well written and well-activated story. This storyline ends in the best way imaginable in this movie. While I watched Supremacy the night before I saw Ultimatum, it was nice because I could see some small parts. The last final scene in Supremacy, in New York, is much more important than I ever thought. Will not spoil it for people, but I recommend going to Supremacy before seeing Ultimatum. Unfortunately, however, for many people to see Ultimatum purely because of the action sequences. This is the part where I have to condemn such people and say they should see it for the storyline, but I will lie if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series are chasing the car as a whole. Identity's mini-car hunt is one of my favorite motorhomes of all time. Well, the performance in Ultimatum must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the movie starts with an action series in Moscow. So in the course of the film we get many punch ups, all very violent and shockingly cruel. A bike that is absolutely incredible, chasing a lot of footwear that is even more amazing, an exciting motor yacht that is unforgettable, and so much more! But the highlight for me should be the scene in Waterloo station, it won't ruin it, but for some reason I grabbed me. <br /> <br /> Any errors for the movie? In my eyes no, but if you're not a fan of the Bourne series or haven't seen the previous two, I wouldn't recommend Ultimatum for you. The movie is not trying to conquer any new fans, as it is clear what the franchise does best and just a little more storyline and action sequences on top. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best performer of 2007. As a James Bond fanatic, it is a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is much better than a majority of the Bond movies , and trust that it is very important for me to say so. While Bourne as a whole is not a better franchise than the Bond series, it's certainly almost equal.
