I have never been one to scare away to say that most action movies just don't do anything to me. Mostly, they are blatant vehicles to blow up things, point out sexy models and throw out any apparent reality or intelligence from the window. The Bourne series is fantastic. Doug Liman introduces a new approach by using a more cinema verite style, showing the battles in full force and making our super spy someone we can relate to both emotionally and humanly. This is not the sci-fi absurdity Bond had (before doing a refurbishment in the style of this series, no less). There was much to worry about when Bourne Supremacy came out. Taking over with director Paul Greengrass, which could have been a second-hand copy of the original which was ultimately an improvement in style and flair. The game was raised and the story improved. Greengras must get a lot of credit to keep the look with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is an incredible conclusion to an upper trilogy, action is brought to a new level and story and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Again, Bourne is brought into the minds of the CIA by false pretenses. Someone leaked information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar, and once Bourne was found talking to the news writer who broke the story, he was adopted as the mole. Just Pamela Landy, she who was about to find him in the Supreme, knew he couldn't be the one. Bourne's motive has always been to stay away from the government and live his life in peace. It was the CIA that brought him back into the open to destroy them. What is ultimately transpiring is that Bourne also wants to know the source to finally find the truth of who he is and who made him a killer. The movie is then rushed at the time and the other to find the source and see if the government can close the break and tie all loose points, or if Bourne can get his revenge on those who have his life off him taken. br /> <br /> In what is probably the simplest storyline of the series, with only one pursuit carrying the whole story, it may have been the biggest role players and converting loyalty to exposing the corruption that was behind the full story progression . However, this is not a disadvantage, as it allows more battles and motor hunts that work in full context to the plot. Admission to this movie is worthwhile for the apartment fight, between Bourne and the second asset of the CIA, alone. The chase that jumps through the windows in Madrid is cool in itself, but when they finally get up, we get ten minutes or so battles so refreshing to watch as any scene you will see. Furthermore, rather than using a massive motor yacht as a climate show as in the first two films, instead of three small-scale road races, we get just as intense but enough to never drive away the action in monotony. <Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also find the origin of our favorite operative with heart and feeling. By the end of the film we will find out what caused all the spying and destruction around him. No one could have done better than Matt Damon. He has the body and attitude to be credible in the action sequences, but also the series to pull off the moments of intelligence and cat and mouse correspondence with those who are against him. Joan Allen repeats her role with the same amount of dedication to her work, but also a little more disillusionment for what is happening, after Brian Cox's character, from the first two films, took matters into his own hands. To get a role in that form, we are given a good turn from David Strathairn. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and answers no one when making a decision. With so much effort to cover any ties with his boss of the Blackbriar program while trying to do his duty to his country, you can never really see what he will be able to do. Even the little guys do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as the reporter who starts the leak in the middle of everything, Albert Finney as a man of Bourne's past and possibly the key to his inception. Edgar Ramirez has been sent one of the CIA's workers. to take out Bourne. Ramirez is a great addition to the role of Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban, and Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He doesn't talk much, but he has the appearance and robotic efficiency, and will hopefully get more roles to show what he can do after a good spin in Domino. <br /> <br /> At the end, Paul Greengrass needs to be applauded to exceed expectations and bring this series to a conclusion that builds on the success of his predecessors rather than destroying them. His skill in the close-up hand-look is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the seizure-intrusive cuts. Instead of feeling overproduction, she improves the use of the hand better and puts you directly into the action. Let's also acknowledge the cinematographer Oliver Wood, who has shot three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and work his style in good harmony with them.
