It was basically an attempt to do the same thing with "Batman" done with Gilligan's Island in "Surviving Gilligan's Island." For those of you who missed (and shame!) "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (full title: "Surviving Gilligan's Island: The Incredibly True Story of the longest three-hour tour of history") was a special of a few years ago, where Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") relate to the story of the show's creation, cancellation, rediscovery and rebirth. Along the way, stories are dramatized with actors depicting the original cast and crew. It was done very well. It was funny, well-thrown and came as a true document from the show. <br /> <br /> "Back to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" are in a similar style. Repeating the history of the show, the re-enactments, the general feeling is all the same. What is missing is the straightforward approach taken by "Survivor". <br /> <br /> In "Return", Adam West and Burt Ward both received invitations to a motor show they were not invited to. Adam and Burt, after being allowed to stay, testify to the theft of the showpiece: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to pursue it themselves and guide them through clues that remind them of the history of the show. This eventually leads to the revelation of who the Batmobile stole and why. <br /> <br /> The choice to use this mind (actually a plot) is the greatest decay of this display. Contrary to "Survival", "Returning" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting story (the Batmobile's theft), instead of drawing all his attention to what the audience would be most interested in (the history of the show.) These are the best-performing historical sections. The casting (as in "Survival") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") catch the feel of the actors without looking * much like them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") has a stronger deal with his subject, but does not like the late Gorshin's charm, but only his characteristics. Other writers' portrayals are short and functional, with no one expressly good or bad. Many of the stories have been told before, but they mostly play amusingly, with just the occasional presentation. Another wonderful piece of the historical sections was the use of audition footage of Lyle Wagoner's test for the part of Batman. The only place where the flashbacks fail is when they have insightfully inserted to compile plot points to advance the main story. This reduces the accuracy of the flashbacks unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> Of course, the "main plot" (if that is what we should call it) is ridiculous. It is not really a mistake and of itself, but it is not worn well enough to cover the deficit. Strong performances and good writing can make a stupid plan (especially in such things), but we really don't get here either. The performances by West and Wyk seem somewhat flat (even for them); The dialogue is too carefully written so it can feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen as the dialogue is mostly there to look back. In "Survival", this is all it intends to be. In "Return" it tries to do double work and unfortunately it often fails. Gorshin and Newmar do well (although I agree with others that Gorshin has not matured well and what Newmar had - and what is Wagoner to see what is good), but is not given enough to do. Again, I think they would all have worked better through a fairer presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another strange point about "Return". This special is about the "Batman" TV series and its history, but all the clips shown are from the theater movie. Even the Wagoner footage is technically film material. If you know you're "bat history," you know the movie was originally planned to be made, only to be postponed in favor of the TV show when CBS had to fill in time quickly. So when Wagoner and West were testing for the role, it was for the movie, not the TV show. Why use "Return" only film material is unclear. This probably has to do with legal issues, but it is a clear distraction for those who are in the know: see Julie Newmar in the present, but only footage from Lee Meriwether and Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> Overall, I like the show, mostly for the flashbacks. I would have preferred the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they want a more story-oriented piece that has given the subject. In addition, I like these people. It's great to see them out and still have fun with one of the wonderful entertainment history. I just wish they did a little better and when more of the original cast was still alive to be there.
