I didn't keep many TV shows after 1990, but the 70S SHOW is great. Never see it during his first run, think a gimmicky period piece, I was wrong! I started looking at reruns and the more I watched, the more I liked it! Now it's the only show premium after 1990 I watch regularly. <br /> <br /> Although the 70S SHOW looks some of the 70's styles, attitudes, music and tastes, it doesn't seem to go overboard with the 70's references and look. It contains so much funny, greasy, biting dialogue, confidently and confidently given by it that it overcomes any 70's clichés by being just humorous. The humor is what keeps the performance vigilant forever. <br /> <br /> Although a hilarious sitcom, no matter what period, the uniqueness of the mockery of the 70s works in its favor, as it gives the signature a signature identity. But the focus is on universal issues (family problems, teenage anxiety, marital problems, peer pressure), all of which deal with a comical aplomb, giving the show a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> The show center is one Eric Forman (played to absolute comic perfection by future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-slim, geeky-looking, non-athletic teenager and still comes out as super-cool because of Grace's brilliant self-decline of character. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played in hilarious fashion by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis, and Wilmer Valderama). We see life in Point Place, Wisconsin through the eyes of these 6 teenagers and boys, we get a lot to see! Donna, a forward-thinking feminist, is the object of Eric's love and these 2 have the main relationship of the show. They are starting some nice after the show and they are never a boring couple. Most of the shows end with them having a meaningful conversation about them and their future and working as a great informative bookkeeper, serving as a perfect counterpart to previous hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon joins the Formans when his mother leaves him; Hyde is the mellow, zen, cool one of the group and just sits back, sees and makes fun of his fellow people with an easy aplomb. Kelso is the stupid one of the group and Kutcher plays it the absolute hilt, showing incredible physical comedy as well as telling the most absurd hilarious ideas and stories ever! Jackie, who started out as Kelso's girlfriend, is a vicious, self-absorbed debutant cheerleader and is initially accepted as part of Kelso's b / c group, but she manages herself to the point where they all have to accept her! And finally, Fez! Fez is the foreign currency student of an unknown country (we never know exactly where) and he is a playmaker! "I said good day!" "Your son of a b * tch!" Valderama only plays a strange accent here, as he has no one in reality and he is always in character and creates one of the most unique characters I have ever seen. His playful moments often help me to make the show. <br /> <br /> The show takes us constantly in the minds of these characters through fantasy-spectacular images of how they want or imagine things. The gang gets into trouble repeatedly (mostly for the purpose). They constantly play gags on Point Place residents as well as on each other. They hang out most of the time in Eric's basement, plot, pontificating, or just to play around. <br /> <br /> Also prominent in the show are Eric's parents, the impending, commating-red and the lovely, happy -Good-happy Kitty (played memorably by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a much needed adult point of view and recommend and advise the 6 nos. Red and Kitty are barely supported by Donna's parents, the buffoonish Bob (played great for the full run by Don Stark) and blonde bimbo daft Midge (super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was about half the show). For 3 full seasons Eric's sister of hell Laurie (played brilliantly by the malicious sexy Farrah-Fawcett lookalike Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great refreshing relief to defeat the shenanigans of the chief 6 and the thorn in Eric and her parents to be. "Sides! Kelly returned as a gas sign for a few Season 5 eps. But unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led to the replacement of a terrible new actress in Season 6. The newbie didn't last happily and was 6 eps away after a few seasons! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, by the end of Season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and early in season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and it never recovered as Season 8 appears. Grace and Kutcher, however, returned for the series finals, but the performance is a satisfying end. <br /> <br /> Many good supporting and cameo characters will help keep the performance fresh by adding nostalgia and humor. Key players were Leo (played by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the awesome comedian Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also have legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play Red and Kitty's mothers respectively. Many celebrity cameos from the 70's also made performances, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) to Charo to Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! It continues! <br /> <br /> With 70-year-old 70's favor and references, hilarious dialogue and delivery, and a nonsense, non-prisoner style of comedic storytelling, the 70S SHOW is a television classic!
