Over the years, we have seen many preconceived things that writers did when the show was just about to go, no matter what "8 simple rules" are after John Ritter died, but it's probably the first time I've cared. The idea of ​​being "That 70's Show" without Eric or to a lesser degree Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it with a return from Leo and increasingly outrageous story lines, but it always felt like it was bothering if you didn't have a main character anymore. It just didn't really connect, it was a lot of unbounded things that happened that most of the time wasn't even funny. The previous season felt too much for every character, simply because Eric used a lot of screen time and now we are being blown over by how old and repetitive the rest of the characters were. Focusing on the gym that was Fez was thoroughly uninteresting and the character would just stop working because the whole thing was that he would say something strange from nowhere and you can't say anything from nowhere if every second line is not yours. They also brought the standard cousin Oliver, but this time it was just not a kid. When you hear someone knocking on the door, you started praying that it wasn't Randy, don't let it be Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would really do terrible jokes, usually like Red would say, like an ass smile and the delivery completely screw and Donna would be in stitches. I think more than half of the previous season was Donna as if he were amused. The problems started earlier: which was once a very good performance with an equally large concept that was not once a dysfunctional family, slowly came into the soap opera area. Everybody started to fall in love with everyone, emotional scenes were pulled out to fake, with just one lame joke somewhere to pay attention to seeing "As The World Turns". I guess it's character development, but come down to the fact that it is almost as much written as the moral lessons from "Family Matters". To be honest, was the last episode, also because it had Topher Grace (a como in his own show), really good, even though it wasn't funny. <br /> <br /> By the way, however, More criticism of Season 8: what was the hell with the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character who doesn't sing), Fez scared hell out of me. Dude, don't open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons or so, under the best comedy ever broadcast.
