Before I see it, I only expected another mediocre soft kernel copy of the very imitation Emmanuelle series featuring Sylvia Kristel. It was really amazing how good this one seems to be. It actually has a story, and it is indeed very romantic. What makes Yellow Emanuelle so good is the leading heroine, the beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She loves her character, Emy Wong so much, that the viewer should just feel something for her when her dreams fall over her. Emy Wong is a very respected doctor, statuary, with a regular quality. She comes from an important old family, where old customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she is married, to a man she has never met. The beautiful doctor looks good with this regular marriage. It's just how it's done in her world. However, she does not plan to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who is eventually hospitalized under her careers where she works. Emy decides to abolish, and she gives herself to her Western husband. But just after a very long court case, Doctor Wong is all but an easy woman. Her pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emy so she doesn't lose her respect and loss in her solid society. Nobody counts on a third party, one Ilona Staller, who ruins their relationship through a series of ominous games. Emy was made to believe she had been abandoned by her husband, that he had just played a match with her to sleep with her. Her place in society is gone, she is exposed. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and varied turn, as this proud, elegant woman gives her career as well as a lovely relationship with her caring father and a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so far in this operational tragic story. I was on the edge of my chair when George waved back into town and unknowingly walked into a hotel where his beautiful Emy worked as a prostitute! Classic drama. I think many viewers were a little frustrated by all this drama. One would expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but there is not much. And when it is, it's completely non-exploitation, and very artificial and soft. If you're a fan of the first Emmanuelle, along with Sylvia Kristel, you'll probably appreciate these lesser-known classics. I was particularly impressed with the extra attention to detail. The whole segment where Emy George takes her father's house on the island is really nice. Her father shows George and the viewer his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. He has a whole miniature bush built from these wonderful trees. Completely unexpected. After last night's capturing cable TV, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally got it, I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the DVD release there is a subplot about George that is suddenly inundated with an unknown deadly disease! I preferred the cable version better. I'm glad this scarce ginger is finally released on DVD. I also have to mention the beautiful cinematography and the bizarre and catchy 70's soundtrack. While watching this one, you just get the feeling that you look something very rare, and very special. I recommend it to thoughtful viewers who don't need sex and violence to maintain their interest.
