I am curious (Yellow) (a movie, in the near Seussian rhyme, being told to be available in two versions, Yellow and Blue), was one of those great art house hits that was a great sensation in Sweden first. a major scandal / cause festival in the United States when one pressure was kept by the customs and it went completely to the Supreme Court. What looks like in the picture today is not so much what gives rise to what is revealed in the gender or nudity. The director / actor Vilgot Sjoman rolls the different scenes in such a way that there is an abundance of meat and genitalia and the occasional graphic bit, but it is always more - such an intellectual expression as very lucrative - but the daring to make a pure "metafilm" and at the same time make a true statement about the state of the art in Sweden. Who knew such things in a generally peaceful country (it is usually neutral in foreign affairs and wars) can be so politically heated? At least, it's part of Sjoman's purpose here. <br /> <br /> Like a movie maker such as Dusan Makavajev, with some of his works like WR (if not so surreal or confused) or to a lesser extent Bertolucci, Sjoman is from politics and sex (mostly politics and sex ) social strata around the middle of it also make a comment on the embodiment of a character in a movie. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a warm cold relationship in the story of the film, where Lena is a "curious" socialist wannabe who shows off in the street for non-violence and "trains" in a cabin in the bush. to become a fully functional one while at the same time being curious about her car salesman's boyfriend. And as it is going on, which in itself is enough for one movie, Sjoman adds himself and his crew from time to time as they make this story on film (there is even a big bit half way through where, like at a rock concert, fill in title cards during a break to shoot who the crew is, ignore end credits!) With this, a whole different dynamic as Sjoman gives a real performance, not just a "hey," I'm the director who plays the director "a bit. <br /> <br /> Initially one cannot get this structure and that I am Curious (Yellow) is just a film where Lena is a documentary interviewer with subjects about their class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and once we see Lena's father or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is as smooth as the viewer has to keep; It's amazing that so many years in a photo can be surprised by not being afraid to mix dramatic story, documentary, movie-within-a-movie and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, whatever it is. a quasi-guru for Lena. It may not always be completely coherent analysis politics, but it does not feel fake or even with much of a satirical agenda as in a Godard picture; The satire Sjoman is then related to a Godard, but at a very different wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not completely loaded with semantics or tricks that can stretch out the less-initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> If I'm curious (yellow) stands up as an intellectual enterprise and a full journey to exploration sex in a way that has been and is fascinating for how much is shown and how comfortable it all Looks like the actors, it is not quite successful, I think, as an emotional experience. Where Bergman made it a T with a pure emotional movie with deconstruction trends, Sjoman is more likely to link with specific ideas, while not always really managing well when it's time to play big or subtle scenes with the actors to do. Sometimes it only works for actors, Lena Nyman (mostly spectacular here in a performance that asks her to even make an ambitious but confused child in someone sympathetic and vulnerable) and Borje Ahlstedt (a great realistic counterpoint for the volatile Lena ). But about 40 years later, it is difficult to connect completely to everything that happens in the interior of Lena and Borje since (perhaps deliberately). Sjoman fills it with clichés (Borje has a girl and child, he will leave her, how will Lena reconcile her father) and a heartfelt tale of his kind of star letter. <br /> <br /> And yet, for what mistakes Sjoman may have, it's ironic that he means being a comment on himself. I'm curious Yellow) is beautiful as an artistic experiment to test the waters of the Swedish film or to test what it cannot be for provocative and comical use. I even go so far as to say it is influential, and is probably copied or copied in more ways because it was such a cult phenomenon at that time (a particular technique used, with the film rewinding to the end being characterized by poor use in Funny Games), and should be seen by anyone looking for avant-garde or meta-movie-up. If it's not quite as outstanding, an artistic leap is as W.R. or Last Tango, it's close.
