In a future society, the military component need not recruit; Instead, their candidates are selected at birth, thrown out of nurseries and appointed to spend their entire lives in government service. They are surrendered to the war machine, body and soul, for no other reason than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity except a name and rank, and no autonomy whatsoever. This is the fate of those whose destiny is destined for them in 'Soldier' ​​led by Paul Anderson and Kurt Russell. The scenario is difficult and dark as the film begins by depicting the training of the soldiers during the prosperous periods of prior to maturity. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we look at his career as he dismisses his duties in an exemplary fashion campaign campaign; He is what he was born, a soldier. But even the best can't go on forever, and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers was created, products of advanced genetics and technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly outdated. What follows is the story of a man who has to fight for his life, struggling to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, new features of a soldier who knows only two things his whole life: fear and discipline . Russell gives a command like Todd, the soldier who has to obey orders above all, while suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He has few lines in this movie, but Russell speaks volumes with his eyes. This role shows that he is actually one of the undervalued actors of our time; being so completely in the character of Todd is a recognition of his ability, and with this part he created someone who is completely different from what he had done before. And he gave Todd a depth and credibility that someone of less talent could easily deliver than nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Notes are also addressed by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Finishing the supporting role is Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain's Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson delivered an action movie with a message, a warning story that surpasses the genre of science fiction. "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of keeping mankind out of our lives. It's an entertaining way to remind us of the alternatives, such as a dark future and a world where good movies won't make a big difference. Just like '1984,' and 'Mad Max', this movie, which is ultimately exciting, will keep you waiting and thinking about the kind of Universe in which we all have to live and share. I rate this one 7/10.
