Why do I like so many COSED CRIME? Why am I laughing or laughing when I think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's hard to explain, but I'll try it. First of all, it is indeed very funny - unlike what many "official" reviews want you to believe. But then it totally depends on your sense of humor, so there is no point in arguing about it. Often the humor is in the dialogue, and often it is situational comedy. For example, there is this very hilarious scene in which the 4 gangsters were given a lift in the back of a truck. When the farmer drops them, they just stand by the road, cover with cows or whatever. They are completely undeserved; Then they begin to realize the humor of the scene, they start laughing at themselves one by one, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), who looks and definitely smells, takes a few mouthwashes to at least do something about his breath. the description of the scene here makes me enjoy again!). Which leads to the second point: the acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (both of them have a bit of an exaggeration) fit everything beautifully and play their parts beautifully - you get the feeling that they should enjoy themselves when shooting the movie. Third, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, the director and screenwriter, was very much laid. he takes his time to unfold the plot and establish the individual characters. More often than not, there is no real action, and yet you enjoy these 4 many different people - who are trying to rob a bank, although their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to be emerging - despondent about each other and equally, as each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery plot - completely impossible with all its twists and turns, but totally convincing in its love for ironic details. By the way, the title of the movie is one of the best I've ever experienced, because it accidentally summarizes the plot in a very ironic way. Therefore, take my advice: look at this movie, but if you don't grab or smile for the first 10 minutes, forget about it - it's not your kind of movie. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that there is no way to get the script - if you know how, tell me.
