I like this movie for several reasons. I have a soft spot for movies about intricate sudden criminal plots like TOPKAPI. I also enjoy movies (like TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that spoof the genre. One of the best is ORGANIZED CRIME. <br /> <br /> Over the years, Corbin Bernsen has had four disadvantages, and he decides they can all be useful in a bank robbery he plans in a small Montana town. But he didn't give the fellows the details of the crime, nor did he really know them. Shortly after sending them, Bernsen was arrested by two New Jersey policemen (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck), who had previously escaped and had a warrant to bring him back. While arrested, the four drawbacks (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) appear without any idea why they are there, except that Bernsen is planning something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the movie are about the four disadvantages that slowly get used to each other. Gwynne and Philips run their own suspicions to find out they have to trust each other. At the same time, we see Bernsen patiently waiting and waiting at the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too difficult, as it is not the brightest light bulbs ever. The result is two sets of plots that sit together in the film. The four drawbacks are trying to figure out what Bernsen's scheme was and how to implement it. Bernsen tries to maintain his own freedom from his persecutors and regains his cabin (and hopefully he finds his gang there to instruct him). There is also a third, smaller plot that concerns the growing annoyance and anger of local Sheriff Hoyt Axton against New Jersey's idiots coming into his hair. <br /> <br /> There are many wonderful moments in the film, like Axton, eaten by O'Neil and Roebuck, surrounded in a town house, after which Bernsen must be hidden, and screaming (through a megaphone, "Come out, we have surrounded you!", just to switch the scene to a large Montana plain that Bernsen struggles and stumbles through miles from where the police think he is at that moment. misadventures by our four disadvantages, which fortunately place the oldest (Gwynne) in leadership position, this does not always ensure something, at one point the car will not start, and they will have to make a truck ride. a truck carrying dung. <br /> <br /> Conclusion with the gang Successful execution of the robbery, including the elimination of all police cars at The critical time (Philips specialty is cars) is also a jewel of timing, tension and comic results, the film is very entertaining, and definitely worth it e look.
