I only saw the movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I couldn't see it to the end because it was late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I remember I liked it. <br /> <br /> It's not really an ordinary horror movie. It has some horror elements, but I categorize it rather than fantasy. I liked it, but I was hoping for some more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene when Anna's dad comes into the paperhouse and tries to kill her is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now to the plot. This movie is about a young girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is sick and lying in her bed because of her much less, she turns to complete her drawing over a house - the paperhouse. When she falls asleep, which often happens strangely immediately, she finds herself near the house on a large green field. She realizes that the house is exactly like the one she drew and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. One day she pulled a boy home to talk to someone. As she forgets to draw his legs (because he sits behind a window) the boy cannot walk. Later, she was told by the doctor that a boy also had this strange disease and she realized that with the boy she had pulled, she had that boy in her disturbing dreams. She also sees that it becomes harder and harder for her to wake up from her dreams. As she misses her father who is abroad abroad, she is dragging her father into the house. She made a mistake and her dad looked very angry at the painting. She tries to rubber him out, but realizes she can't change something that has already been drawn. And next time she falls asleep. The horror begins. Her father is crazy and blind (because she is pulling his head to mark him as 'invalid') and trying to get into the paperhouse and murder Anna and his friend. Her dreams became a terrible nightmare. They can escape and kill her father and Anna can finally wake up. Then Anna finds herself in the hospital where her parents sit next to her bed. The doctors thought she had fallen into a coma. They tell Anna that the other boy is dead and that they want to travel to the sea to get over the tragic events. Anna pulled a watchtower and noticed that the same watchtower could be found near the hotel where they had traveled. She walks to the watchtower and meets the boy (I just call his name because I can't remember it and doesn't want to go back to the previous html page) and can say goodbye and forget the terrible dreams forever. br /> <br /> There was some thing I didn't understand in the movie. First, it was the end I absolutely didn't like. I think it's too long, while most of the movie gets a little too short. How does the boy fly a helicopter and talk to Anna because he is supposed to be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated that scene that it was so stupid for me. It almost ruined the biggest horror scene. <br /> <br /> Things I liked were the scene of Anna's father's photo, which was the first real and frightening scene. I like the boy. The actor was wonderful. He was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tried to get her father out of the painting as she fell asleep and how she was looking for it in the garbage. <br /> <br /> Overall a great movie. I give it an 8 out of 10.
