My name is John Mourby and that's my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psycho. I was very scared and deeply disturbed. I started with a spectacular search for a movie that was scary in the same way. But nothing true. Among those who tried and failed were the birds, the night of the living dead, the silence of the lambs, the bladder gate project, the ring, the evil death, the sixth mind, 28 days later, Alien, Peeping Tom, The Cell , Rosemary's Baby, Don't Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday the 13th and The Omen. It must confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I found out about Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a favorite book I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also came in some of the books I found on horror movies, but they didn't tell me about the book and film connection. I discovered the truth while buying the movie later that day on the internet. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse wouldn't be faithful to the book and didn't sow. Unbelievable it was definitely but boring definitely. This was the answer to my prayers. Marianne is called Anna in the movie, but most of the original story is the same. One day in the school, Anna draws a house in her scrapbook (nothing remarkable about it), then she gets sick and every time she sleeps or sleeps, she finds herself outside a creepy old house (and I mean actually unnecessary). She also finds that every time she puts something new on the drawing, it occurs in the dream world, EG an apple tree. Anna, in the dream world, draws a rather sad son with the name that apparently is a person in the real world. Mark is a cripple, but wants to leave home, with a view to Anna pulling a lighthouse (a place to look at), but the problem remains that the point can't go. So Anna decides to sign her father. She gets her pencil out and gets to work, but the rash is deformed and Anna's attitude is especially like his eyes. Quote "He looks like a crazy man". So Anna tries to rub him out and start again, but the pencil proves indelible (that means nothing can be wiped out). Then Anna loses her temper and sticks out her father's eyes! I also leave you to find out for yourself the terrible effects of the rash action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really the British answer to a nightmare on Elm Street! The performance of this movie left me shocked and upset. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is, how does the comparison compare to Psycho? Answer: 1 the old dark house, 2 psychological parental fears, 3 a real shock, 4 and lots of scary music.
