Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to go out and drift into a world of her own creation. A pale world, she moved with a sad little boy as the resident of an old dumpy house in the middle of a lonely field. Lost in detail, like any child who signs the house and it's resident Marc (who can't walk because Anna didn't draw him legs) are residents of this purgatory / limbo world. Anna starts visiting the boy, and the house is trying to see what is and is trying to save the boy, but her fever makes it harder for her to wake up every time and not only kill her but her fall and Marc there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! It's a good word to sum up Bernard Rose's brilliant, hasty and poetic Paperhouse. A movie that is so simple that it is impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you may be able to find this puppy in your horror section, it is nothing else. It's more of a serious fantasy, knowledgeable and extremely well-executed by his role, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet it is not a children's film, but intended to remind us of the careless days of old which are just dark memories. Rose creates a rich carpet of moody atmosphere that creates an exciting backdrop for the brilliant story and great actors to play with. Paperhouse stays away trying to explain that it's more dreamy features and most things make the viewers imaginable. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse plays games with the viewers' minds, and makes you own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded, I was once again impressed by how strong the film managed to reach the final that left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye. <br /> <br /> Bernard Rose's visuals are brilliant here. It can create an unpleasantly beautiful atmosphere that simply appears on the surface, but as a whole it is much larger than the sum of its parts. The play is from young Charlotte Burke in her, her distinctive debut, is also impressive. Unfortunately, she didn't bless the screen. A very deserving Burnout Central award just looks right for the show. By the end, the film was a bit here and there, but I could easily overlook it. I wished they had taken a darker turn that created a much more powerful final that would prove to be increasingly unpleasant and truly retro. The movie, as it is, is another for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It is a poetic ride that is told by the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which many remains and much more must be praised.
