I miss the company Vestron, they definitely had their finger on the pulse of unique and unusual theater in the 1980s. It is very clear with the amazing Paperhouse, a film that touches me every time. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a girl who manipulates a dream world with her drawings (thus the dream world manipulates reality), and also connects with the life of a boy she never actually met, is fascinating and disappointing. Initially, Charlotte Burke looks pretty preschooler and yet you warm her, because it is difficult for the adults to believe what she is experiencing by being a bit of a naughty child. She becomes very self-conscious and strong at the end. Even she didn't find "hate boys", as she initially claimed to be so challenging. Hereby we are treated to very pleasant moments and some amazing scary ones, all visually stunning with a great score from Hans Zimmer. I am very proud to be the owner of the soundtrack on CD when released on RCA Victor in the United States. By the time of this writing there is no DVD of Paperhouse available in the US (just in Europe). It is hoped that one of my wishes will come true, as I really cherish this beautiful film and a DVD of it will be very welcome! <<br /> It is satisfying to see how the girl works out her mind as a puzzle game that tries to make the dream world for her and her newfound friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers do a wonderful job throughout. I find the editorial comment on Amazon.com that it is "hammy acting" that is confusing. I found that every aspect of Paperhouse is exciting. Even in small screens of brilliance such as when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom stare at each other through the glass on a door, it is very powerful. <br /> <br /> You don't have to be an arthouse type. enjoy Paperhouse, just be a person who enjoys a movie that stimulates and wants you more. There is plenty in this movie to invite repeated views and I'm still upset about cinematography and sets. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice, because there are so many details to absorb and enjoy. A very emotional experience indeed. <br /> <br /> While there are many movies I worship, there are just a few specifics that hit a big emotional cord in me: movies like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. If I go so far there is going to go beyond easy forgotten movies and in bargain boxes, all I have to do is look at Paperhouse and my belief in wonderful narration is renewed.
