This film was opened in the first few weeks for poor performances. Then Meena Kumari died and it just penetrated the crowd. Songs on all India radio, especially Inhi LogoN ne, have been played so often that I was sick at the time, despite recognizing their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it has taken years to make it. This was because the marriage was a very unfortunate one and Kamal Amrohi also struggled to find the money to make the movie. look at the abundant sets and costumes, not surprising !! Meena Kumari is not only old and sick, but listen carefully to Lata's voice. Inhi logoN ne has her 50's younger voice, while re-recorded songs like Chalo dildar chalo show clear development. I just wish someone would find the Ghulam Mohammad songs not included in the movie, due to less fashionable fashions, but slightly songs and publishing. Lata graduated in a recent interview (2007) Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers she ever worked, apart from Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Also note that you hardly see the actors in the Chalo Dildar songs, very unusual. There is only a short shot from Raj Kumar from the middle distance and you just see the back of the alleged Meena Kumari. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and moon. Any other movie, this song would have both of them. <br /> <br /> Since it's the best movie ever, I'll ask you to disagree. This means you missed a lot of Indian theater in no particular order, movies like Barsaat (old), Devdas (older versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool , Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhiman, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay ka Babu, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan, etc. Etc. And if you value music more than a story, the list will simply grow with beautiful scores from Barsat Ki Raat to Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Name Joker: the list is endless! <br /> <br /> So enjoy Pakeezah, but don't miss any of the above. .
