Emilio Miraglia's first Giallo feature, The Night Evelyn, comes out of the grave, was a good combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second movie is even better! This time we have more of the Giallo side of the equation, although Miraglia does not lose the Gothic horror styles that made the previous film such a delight. This time, Miraglia puts more emphasis on the finer details of the plot, and as a result, it is the typical Giallo labyrinth, with characters everywhere and red herring being thrown in every few minutes. However, this is a definite bonus for the movie, but if it can sometimes be too confusing; There is always plenty to keep the audience's interest and Miraglia's storytelling has improved since his previous movie. The plot opens with a scene that sees two young girls fighting, in front of their grandfather explaining the legend behind a fairly sly painting in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman named "The Red Queen", who has the legend, turns out of the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later murders began. <br /> <br /> Although he only made two Giallo's, Miraglia has his own set of tributes. Obviously the red color is important to him, as it is heavy in both films; and he seems to have something against women called 'Evelyn'. He also likes castles, gothic atmosphere and attractive murders - what's good for me! Miraglia may not be Argento if it wastes blood, but he certainly knows how to drop an ear over the killings in his movie. and here we have a Volkswagen Beetle, and a death on an iron fence, which is one of my favorite Giallo deaths. The female side of the casting is excellent with beautiful Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti, facing an eye-catching movie of ladies who are not afraid to undress their clothes! The thanksgiving score to Bruno Nicolai is catchy, and although it didn't appear much of the psychedelic rock heard in The Night Evelyn from the grave, it fit the movie well. The end is something of a turn-off, because although Miraglia surrounds the Gothic atmosphere, it is more than a little rushing and the killer's identity is too obvious. But still, it's a wonderfully entertaining Giallo and one that I highly recommend to fans of the genre!
