Eventually I finally got there and managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! Until now I just had a scratched, scratchy version of Dubai TV that was in the 90's one day, with English subtitles, dark widescreen cover and a liquid color with a thought of its own. After thinking about the world of such a poor (and short) copy, I find the decent one worth the wait and the full 140 minutes more fun than I thought. <br /> <br /> It was the beautiful Meena Kumari's movie from start to finish, and I believe she was planning from 1958, it finally realized in 1971. What a pity it was that chronic alcoholism murdered her shortly afterwards and that she was too ill to import some of the screens in Pakeezah, which needs a body double. In some scenes, the tension certainly shows in her face. <br /> <br /> The story of purity towards contradiction I can only treat as fiction without experience of anything close to it, but I am led to understand that it shows confidence a world that has been in India were commonplace. It's a sparkling and colorful movie with a simple, unceasing epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that somehow feels at once. But to me it's the random golden music by Ghulam Mohammed, sung by the inexorable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and she shares in the unfolding of the story that makes this movie so excellent. I sang so badly, beautifully, poetically, miraculously and played songs on any movie soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain can be my favorite music movie, but Pakeezah has my favorite music. Yet Lata said the songs themselves didn't matter to her. The only pity is that the unique Mohammed Rafi only had one song, even though it is a classic duet with Lata. <br /> <br /> Because of all this, but not blind to his mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian movie, filmed at a time when Western India's pace was gathering and now watched Western values ​​being state sponsor and the rigueur. Look at Pakeezah at least for a taste of what Indian pop music the world had to offer before it was all for drums, the Bollywood Beat and bhangra.
