Fever Pitch has many of the cliches we've got to identify with Hollywood romantic comedies: a relationship between two people with few communities, the secret that he hides what she discovers, the inevitable disintegration and the whole public? Well, I'm not going any further, but you get the picture. Despite its predictability, it works, especially if you like baseball like me, although I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston teacher played by Saturday's live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a novel by Nick Hornby by veteran screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle gave him season tickets when he was seven and he was already so emotional at that time all his life to the detriment of his relationships with women. Not only is Ben a fan, but a "fanatic" who travels to Fort Soyers, Florida every winter, to Florida, Florida for the Red Sox Spring Training games and never misses a regular home game. His family does not consist of parents or brothers and sisters, but the fellows who attend each game with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep, but a Red Sox museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he falls for business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore) is threatened with the possibility of growing up, but Ben is not quite ready to do so. He would rather attend the Yankee series than go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go with her to Paris and miss the Anaheim series. This implies that his relationship is about to dissolve, so that he can stop and think about his priorities, especially as a pint size dr. Phil Wannabe asked him, "You love the Red Sox, but have they ever loved you?" While Fever Pitch's point of departure is that some things are more important than baseball (the thought goes away), you will never know the way things are going. Of course, to someone familiar with the history of the Boston Red Sox, it's a team that will break the hearts of its hardest fans - but it's 2004, the year the Bambino curse comes to an end and As the Red Sox moves to a new level, Ben can do the same. Both top performances are excellent and the Farrelly Brothers are even doing a great gross gag. While Koorspit will never be an art film, it is a joyful skirt that should be one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!
