Of course, I don't know anything about baseball, I'm not even a fan of sports, but it didn't stop me from enjoying the Farrelly brothers' latest movie, Fever Pitch, a charming, irreverent romantic comedy . The movie isn't really about baseball; rather, it's really about relationships and the emotional decoupling that can often occur. <br /> <br /> Jimmy Fallen ?? give his best performance to date ?? stars like Ben, a brave, light-headed teacher. Ben is a kind of man-boy who has never really grown up, and he is promoting an almost fanatic addiction to the Red Sox baseball team. Ben devoted his life to the Sox and does everything to make the pilgrimage to Florida for spring training to decorate every square inch of his apartment in team supplies. One day, while taking his honors geometry class. Meeting on a field trip to her office, Ben meets Lindsey (a wonderful Drew Barrymore). Lindsey is a corporate, career-oriented kind of girl, but she has a kind of gift that Ben finds absolutely endearing. He is initially reluctant to ask her and think she is going out of his "class", and Lindsey doesn't immediately see a potential partner in Ben. <br /> <br /> Their first date starts with a disastrous start. when Lindsey is hit with a serious case of food poisoning? and her resonant action gives the first idea that we are actually a Farrelly brother movie. Instead of requesting Lindsey's - rather urgent - rescheduling, Ben beats playing nurse, orderly and caregiver. So scrub Ben the toilet and the dog's teeth as she poured out love with a bucket next to her bed. <br /> <br /> When Lindsey wakes up in the morning and falls asleep on her couch, she begins The Long, Fit Process of Dismissing the Web of Status Anxiety and Ambition she regarded as her standards. Soon they will fall in love with Lindsey who accepts Ben's fanatical dedication to his sport. Benjamin chose his season tickets from his beloved uncle, and Ben organized his life around the season? he never missed a game. But their relationship, which has progressed in winter, becomes a sniff at the start of the season. <br /> <br /> Lindsey wants Ben to do other things, such as vacation with her parents and a party with her friends, but Ben is struggling to model his interest in meeting Lindsey halfway. Can Lindsey allow his irrational commitment to the sons of the summer to make their relationship work? Can she really accommodate Ben's entertainment? Can a hard and northern Red Sox fan find true love? Of course, Lindsey and Ben come with a colorful array of opinion-wielding friends. Lindsey's strictest friend, the skinny, rich and blonde Robin (KaDee Strickland), insists that something should be wrong with the man if he is still 30. But, swift, curly Sarah (Marissa Jaret Winokur) and Molly (Ione Skye) offer a more optimistic and positive view of Ben. <br /> <br /> Ben's eccentricity can be applied to virtually any obsessive sports lover, while Lindsay's frustrations can be representative of any upward mobile career-driven woman. Fallon is fantastic as Ben, who is showing huge screen potential, conquering the non-insignificant challenge of keeping Ben impossible. Barrymore is now as charming as the unemployed Lindsey, especially because she is struggling to accept Ben for who he is without seeing her own needs. <br /> <br /> Choral spit really works and although there are plenty of inspired comedic moments, the movie is also the serious problem of sports addiction and how difficult it can be for couples to negotiate this fragile area. Much of the movie was filmed at Boston's Fenway Park, adding a fine sense of authenticity to the proceedings, as well as the atmosphere of the games, but fully appreciating what happened to the team would probably be limited to baseball aficionados . Yet, Fever Pitch is blessed with such a beautiful and intelligent funny script that even beginner basketball fans will find plenty to connect with. Mike Leonard September 05.
