Clint Tollinger comes in a small town looking for his estranged wife and news from his daughter, finding her the chance that any kind of reconciliation is very slim. While here the sheriff and the important townspeople learn about Tollinger's reputation as a pistol specialist town voter. As they live in the fear of a mysterious landowner who breaks down the town from them, they hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to rid the town of its indifferent elements. <br /> <br /> Man With The Gun seems to be a forgotten piece or a very subordinate one. By the time I wrote it, it had just over 200 votes and a mere 9 user comments written for it. It's a pity for any score, because although the production values ​​shout that it's a B-movie Western, it's a good entry into the Western genre. The fact that the piece changes a fairly standard plot theme from a hurried village that moves to a stray dark angel probably did not favor the film over the years, I read the synopsis myself and think it was just a others in the line of similar theme photos. Yet, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dark dramatic picture with very pleasant moments, both technical and functional. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in the forefront of Tollinger's thrown away, moving through the picture as a bit of a threat. We regularly talk about the screen presence that John Wayne and Charlton Heston (of course of course) had, Mitchum is right there with the best of them. One order here sees him standing in the shade at the back of the room as a meeting takes place, we don't see his face, but we can feel the piercing hatch staring at us! The rest of the movie is also much in Mitchum's shadow. It is only with the big man that the film shows in the film are high. Perhaps it is unfair to take Ted de Corsia for a kick, but Man With The Gun's slight deficiencies are with his villains, and unfortunately the Corsia lacks any kind of rogue threat. The score of Alex North is excellently layered. (Spartacus fans will surely show their ears) and Lee Garmes's cinematography is very impressive when one realizes that the majority of the photo has been shot on the studio pot. Directed and co-authored by first time director Richard Wilson, Man With The Gun, has few surprises for the genre, but it is dark in tone, violent and above all highly vigilant. 7.5 / 10
