I intended to commemorate the tenth anniversary of Marcello Mastroianni's passing with many unprecedented films of her that I own on VHS; However, with my running, light Christmas marathon, I just had to do this one! As it happens, it has one of its best performances - and he was just Oscar nominee for that (with the film itself honored). It was also one of 14 collaborations with the other widest well-known star that originated from Italy, Sophia Loren. both play against the type here anyway - she's a heavenly housewife and he's a homosexual! <br /> <br /> By the way, the title of the movie has a dual meaning: the foremost characters are brought together on the historic day in which Hitler came to Italy to meet Mussolini (the event itself is shown in long archives ), but it refers more specifically to the stars' brief encounter in which they share moments of friendship, revelation and short passion. Although everyone knows that a return to their normal existence is inevitable, leading to the sudden bittersweet ending of the film. . It's almost a two-handed (with all other characters - except for the blockbuster concierge of the block of flats in which the story takes place as a whole - including Loren's gruff and fiery patriotic man, surprisingly played by John Vernon, appearing only at the start and end ranges); Still, the concise setting does not set off director Scola (for the record, this is the 7th film she watched and another 3 more on VHS) and film photographer Pasqualino De Santis, so the result - although in essence low key - is far from staggering: the camera may penetrate the various parts of the large building, follow the proceedings carefully or transparently, as required, but always sharp. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, depends entirely on the performances of the two stars to make it convincing, and they both command (their screen chemistry is rather relentless); Interestingly, however, Loren has done away with the prizes in their home field, but it is Mastroianni's moving but unintentional outsider (the movie seems somewhat doubtful of his sexual deviation from Anti-Fascism!) Which impresses international audiences!
