'Una Giornata Particolare' is a movie with a title that looks so familiar. I thought I saw it more than once. Now I finally saw it, I'm very happy. This is one of the better Italian movies I know, with one of the most marvelous performances by Marcello Mastroianni, starring in other masterpieces such as "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2". Directed by Ettore Scola, it's a movie that takes the time to introduce the characters and develop a story on a special day. Adolf Hitler visited Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, Antonietta's neighbor (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, pretty fanatical in her mind, and he is no longer a member. I won't reveal the reason for this. On the day that each of them built, including her husband and children, Hitler, they were still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment, and so the two meet. Just before Antonietta went to Gabriele, he thought he had to kill himself, again for reasons I would not reveal. How the story evolves from that, I won't reveal, but that's what happens between the two that make it such a special day, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a great show. You see he is a man who desperately wants someone around him, even though we don't know why. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She keeps the attention anyway. We see her doing her hair to look attractive to the man. Loren also plays the screens very well. We understand her questions, although we cannot know what her intentions are. The moments in which we both find their secrets is a wonderful moment if that is what you can call it. How the story develops is even more interesting, but I don't want to spoil it for you. It's a movie you should see. Great performances and beautiful cinematography, and the message it gives us is still here today.
