As already stated, the best version ever of Homer's epic. Totally shot at natural sites in the Mediterranean. The sea and the sky are strikingly blue, the islands green and untouched. The clothes are linen, wool and fur, the settings and bricks, everything is somewhat rough and primitive, a little you find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini movies, and this makes it increasingly authentic. Although the story is based on myths and goes widely into supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​how life could have been in the 10th century BC. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is somewhat slow and stiff, but the whole is so beautiful you go in there quickly. Actually, it's incredibly close to Homer's original plot, if not the text itself. Ulysses did not appear until the first hour, the beginning being centered on his son looking at him. Then he suddenly appeared in a storm lost, land on the island of the Pheasians where the royal family cared for him well. His adventures are told in flashback as a narrative to his hosts: the terrifying Cyclop, the magical world of Circe, the Underworld, the Siren, and so on. He eventually returns to his hometown of Ithaca after 20 years and it ends dramatically with the murder of the predictors of his faithful spouse Penelope. <br /> <br /> As a story, the Odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor of the struggle of a man's life. The cast is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek tragedy style performance than Penelope, but the incredible is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really beautiful and completely convincing, it seems the role really made for him. Strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension afterwards. Nausicaa also plays Barbara Bach (like Barbara Gregorini), later known as the James Bond girl in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and Athena is Michele Breton, who was otherwise noted in the strange movie "Performance" with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> As it was done 35 years ago, the series was quite an innovation for its time, as the first major European co-production for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I saw this mini-series in 8 parts on French television until 1974. I was a baby and although it was all in black and white, it left a very lively impression. All my life I wondered if I ever got a chance to see it again, as it has never been shown on French TV. <br /> <br /> I recently received a copy on DVD (all in great color) through the internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian with no captions, although French and German versions have existed since then. I never heard there was an English version of this movie because it is widely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and it is quite a shame. If you ever get a chance to see it, you'll never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after. The one by Camerini in 1955 with Kirk Douglas is a classic sword-and-sandal like the 10 Commandments, but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. The one in 1997 by Konchalovsky is a meretric Hollywood movie based on special effects, sometimes very greedy, very poorly behaved and very far from Homer's story and atmosphere.
