No, it's not a sequel to the fantastic OVA series, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after the death of Ghim (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It's also more accurate for the novels that inspired this wonderful series. Therefore, characters (namely Orson and Shiris) are re-entered, and why does the story look slightly different from those used for the OVA. (The booklet included in the set offers great answers to such questions as well as various websites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part TV series focus on the fatal battle at Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes suggest us to Spark, a blue-haired knight wannabe who identifies with Parn, and his rags team of misfits while trying to stop the Wagnard Dark Wizard from raising Kardis the Destroyer. <br /> <br /> Whilst this is not quite the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the final where Parn saves from Wagnard savings or not?), this TV follow-up is still fun for fantasy fans. Even if the animation is limited (and a step away from the artistic streak of the first LODOSS), this 27-part series has its elements of appeal. The full-featured characters, storyline, magic, novels and an excellent soundtrack played by Kaoru Wada from NINJA SCROLL give this odd spin-off a little. <br /> <br /> While the OVA dubbed LODOSS I was criticized for some reason, I usually loved it and considered it one of my favorite dubs. So I have considerable hope for the dub for CHRONICLES, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the LODOSS TV English track is of the best (if not star) quality; However, it has its share of problems. Much of the original cast that returned their English voices to the characters of LODOSS (including Lisa Ortiz as a cover!), Which is a great bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's more mature sounding Parn is a little broken down. He does not do a bad job, but his voice came as a timetable for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to immediately dissipate), but by the time Spark and Company raised I found it less. difficult. (I don't know if that's because he has improved, or if it just grew on me.) Not all of the OAV are back. Jayce Reeves only votes for Wagnard for one episode; He was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, which gives a cramped but still malicious turn (as well as the expected evil laugh). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, on the other hand, is too tired and takes about five or so episodes to find his battle. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson, especially during his last dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> Apart from Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), the best voices of the dub come from some newer characters, including Crispin Freeman ( Spark, But, Garrack episodes 16-27-, Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who vote Pirotess in the OAV, but also voices Ryna with vulnerability and sassiness, as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (what each scene in which she is the half-elf as Leaf). The rest of the cast is not terrible at all, but a little more uneven than the OAV dub. Some are good (Aldonova, Greevus), while others are slim (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) And little was terrible. (In particular, Prince Reona's VA is too loud and monotonous for a fighter.) <Br /> <br /> In fact, the lack of audience continuity (some role players get new voices for inexplicable reason at the time we coming to some of the later episodes), one of the problems of the dub. Others include less memorable and uncomfortable sounding dialogue, uneven synchronization, and ultimately (the excuse of the supporters of this), the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These horrible, super-distorted interludes at the end of each episode will almost amuse you or push a little. By the way, I initially found them a great nuisance, but they grew after a while. (In addition, there are some spectacular hilarious lines like "I'm King Kashue, and that's my CASHEW! I'm VERY NUT!") These bugs rank the dub for CHRONICLES just a notch just below it for the OVA, which results in an uneven English course that is best summarized as 'OK'. <br /> <br /> Wondering if the Japanese language course is the preferred listening choice, well, guess what? The Japanese version also has good and bad points. While some voices are less annoying than the English language course, I found that others are less attractive than the English equivalent (especially the Actress who is busy is nowhere as good as Lisa Ortiz OR Yumi Tohma). In addition, I must mention that the Japanese role is not the same as the OVA. Since the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members are replaced by new ones. Although doing a good job, it can be a great annoyance to those who were accustomed to the Japanese OVA cast. Show that not everything in Japanese is better than English. Despite its mistakes, CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a good series that deserves to keep its own ground. It is not without its rough spots and does not always live on its predecessor, but there are plenty of good points to counteract the bad, which makes it a pretty pleasant fantasy Anime.
