Regarding the arts, the 1970s were a very turbulent era. In literature and the visual arts, it was the conclusion of a great period of fifty or sixty years of creativity that should not be restarted. In music, it was a decade that regarded many as a low point due to corporate rock and disco. On television it was a golden age for comedian situations, from the strange couple to the Mary Tyler Moore show to M * A * S * H ​​to everyone in the family, but in the movie it was even a bigger period of creativity, in all genres, who saw the rise of American author directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes of the old studio systems that Hollywood has dominated over half a century. These directors wanted to produce literate, art films for the masses, of the kind that had been in Europe since the end of World War II. Yet, the studios have tried to keep pace with socially-conscious films of the kind not seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike the films of the 1930s, starring characters like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-stars of the Dead End Kids), have dealt with social issues in an eagerly realistic way. or as realistic as one could get on a healthy stage, the social consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s revealed the most in science fiction films, which allowed the left wing of Hollywood to preach to the masses under the guise of what the most of the cartoon entertainment. There was precedent for this approach, as several of the flying saucers of the 1950s tackled the political jealousy of McCarthy, especially the Day The Earth still played and the incursions of the body-cutters. And in the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly undermined the political conservatism of time by rejecting social issues in science fiction institutions on its classical science anthology lesson The Twilight Zone. Among the studio offers of this time were the ecologically sensitive Silent Running; George Lucas' first film THX 1138, dealing with consumerism, group thinking and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which ran on communism and state control over the rights of an individual. Some of the film's references are rather heavy-handed and range from the then Arab oil crisis and turbulent inflation. A few jarred strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent rations his variety of colored food Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and the new Soylent Green, allegedly made from "the best underwater growth" in a way that is not unlike anything else. the gas rationing of time. Areas of rioting are ominous echoes of the oil riots at many petrol stations during the year of the film's release. The screens of fusion, and bodies, alive and dead, are already quiet and influenced. A later movie such as Escape From New York is an obvious offspring. However, the rest of the screenplay, by Stanley R. Greenberg, is rather pedestrian and fairly standard for a dystopic movie, but Fleischer and filmographer Richard H. Kline do a good job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds to spice things up. The use of soft, dull visual art filters, junk filters, adds a Stygian feel to New York's film, much like a colored version of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampire. The only light in the movie comes from artificial sources, and if it's not for the fashion faux, the movie may look timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie, where Thorn falls into the processing plant, where Lyke is made in Soylent Green wafers, is both cool and strange drama less. In the end, the Soylent minions chase Thorn down, but he survives long enough to pronounce the capital of the movie to Chief Hatcher. Yet one does not know if that is enough, because Hatcher is already co-opted and has a record of the easy way out. Yet, the fact, and its ambiguity, shows that the film does not reformulate its characters' dilemmas, and has a depth of much later, better-made movies, sci fi or not. It's also why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
