Documentation of a document. This is one way to describe: Keep the River on your right: A Modern Cannibal Story. This film follows anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in his late 70's returned to the places he spent over 40 years as participating field researcher, first to West Papua and then to Peru. Tobias is a mature character: a gay Jewish artist anthropologist who teaches a cruise ship life that teaches tourists about the cultures, he had a deep respect and understanding. Author of several books documenting his time with both the Asmat people of Western Papua and the cannibalist Amazon in Peru, is haunted by Tobias who happened in his time in these places and how intimate his relationships and relationships became. Yet Tobias' constant wonder and appreciation for the places he learns is admirable and a pleasure to watch. One can only hope to ever achieve and retain such humility. <br /> <br /> Tobias makes a compelling subject for study, as the experiences he has faced to deepen him in these two tribal communities have fundamentally changed him. This film challenges the ideas of morality and "naturalness" - eg. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Look for the graphic circumcision). When asked why he was involved in some of the local practices that would otherwise deny others, she asked for a non-judgmental nature: "Why not?" Who is to say the way of other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleeper is a must see for not only the National Geographic types but also those interested in the art of documentary making. This movie shows what can be done on video shot. The editing offers a tranquil revelation of Tobias's life that keeps you awake in fascination. Sometimes he disappears to be pushed by film staff to return the emotional journey, especially in view of his age and physical weakness. We can be grateful that Tobias allows the tables to turn on himself, perhaps sympathetically with the desire to understand humanity and the place in the world. The filmmakers offer a few moments of critical balance and, for example, offer an anthropologist who believes that Tobias has pre-empted his findings (of homosexuality in this case) on the basis of his personal interests. That said, you can't decide when to stop being shocked and when to go home for a hug. Move over the river queen, this is the best river ride I've taken a while.
