The world of the 1973 sci-fi drama SOYLENT GREEN is what we can see if we are not careful. It is a world in which New York's population reached the 40 million mark in the year 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, year-long heat waves and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what are these specific nutrients really made of? The question is at the heart of this somewhat dated, yet intriguing film, based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel Make Room! Make Room! Charlton Heston dies as Thorne, a NYPD detective who comes to the murder of a chief executive (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was on the board of the Soylent Corporation, the people responsible for all the food that people should consume instead of the right thing. Heston believes it was not just a murder of the garden, Cotten was pushed for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his slightly cantanker but very clever "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101th and final movie show), and some timely reminders of what the world was like before. What Robinson finds out about Soylent Green shocks him above all imagination; but before he can tell Heston about everything he knows, he euthanized himself. And if Heston does indeed discover Soylent Green's secret, the part is immortalized in film history. <br /> <br /> Under the professional guidance of director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a pretty grim but thoughtful look at a Dystopic future that humanity can live if we don't tendency to remove our planet from its natural resources. Indeed, it was a project that Heston himself had in mind for filming as far back as 1968, after he struck gold in the sci-fi genre with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is probably lost when she is ultra Conservative political philosophy comes into play (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a channel for unimpeded capitalism). Robinson, as always, is the perfect professional in his last role; The order in which he is approached (as he looks at the video of the world of a better era, which is the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is simply heartbreaking. The film also benefits from strong support from Chuck Connors (as a very convincing), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior), and Leigh Taylor-Young as the woman who tries to help Heston in his queries. <br /> <br /> It should now be easy to dismiss SOYLENT GREEN because it is dated. But those who do, must think twice; Because this film's world can eventually become ours if we do not see what we do with what we have today.
