As with all environmentally-conscious films from the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather chaotic view of what ecological collapse is. Overpopulation means there are too many people to feed? I was under the impression that famine was caused by a war or a failed economic policy. Stalin's policies in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead because of famine, and to this day, the biggest man who caused tragedy was Mao's rural policy in China, which killed more than 30 million in the 1950s. And let us not forget the great famines in the Horn of Africa in the 1980s and 90s, which are related to conflicts that are not overpopulated. Perhaps you would also like to consider that two of the heavily populated areas on Earth, Hong Kong and Macau have never had famine in modern times. Similarly, the expansion of shanty towns around cities like here has not seen severe overcrowding - this is about economic factors where people fly to cities to get better paid jobs than in rural areas (This is a symptom of industrial progress - not of too many births), so overpowering the image of the streets of New York City to walk through and sleeping people on stairs is somewhat laughable. <br /> <br /> But don't be fooled into thinking SOYLENT GREEN is a heap of wheat harvested because I consider it the best ecological film of the <br /> <br /> 70's. It plays on today's audience's knowledge of the world where Sol and Thorn find joy in finding fruit, brandy and fresh meat. Thorn surprised in surprise to have ice in his whiskey, emitted on a cigarette and delivered the classic line. "If I could afford it, I smoked two, maybe three of them a day." But it is the imagination of the euthanasia that unforgettablely looks like the images of wild animals, flowers, running water and snow-covered mountains, a Thorn's generation has never known. It is a very ghostly scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable film, combined with the fact that it appears Edward G Robinson's final screen as the wise old Jew Sol Roth
