"The Garden of Allah" is an excellent example of "popular women's literature", twisted by the XX century style, combining all the power of unbridled erotic and exotic reveries with the stimulating sheen of false mysticism and the sado-masochistic bite of the Catholic guilt. Just as Jane Eyre couldn't have been really happy until her castle burnt down, and her lover was permanently mutilated for his sins or "Rebekah's heroine" couldn't find true fulfillment in her marriage until her glorious husband stormed out for trial. the murder of his first wife (and her castle burnt down around her), or the poor could not leave alone and had to withdraw the secret of Cupid's secrets at all costs, Domini, the religious Catholic heroine of these trips, can only find true sexual achievement by accidentally marrying a man who rejected his holy religious vows. As all such stories that stimulate the female reader and stimulate the vapors, this is based on the oldest tricks in the book: basic misunderstandings and the inability to express the true feelings in the right place and at the right time until it's too late . The logic is that any ultimate sexual ecstasy can be conceded as long as you are willing to finally pay a high enough price for it in reconciliation in the last act. This is Paul Claudel reduced to beauty salon magazine standards. Oh well ... It could have been much worse and it was often ... Without the religious overtones, the movie's plot is that of your basic porn movie: Caused monk driven by abstinence escapes to the desert Where he has some roles in the dunes with a romantic, affluent but naive Catholic heir before reintegrating his monastery, he has spent all his passion and cleansed her. And I really like another commentator's comparison with Anatole France's "Thai", a sophisticated novel, intended to enjoy the whole concept of Catholic sexual oppression. Fortunately, some of them appeared in Massenet's opera with the same name. <br /> <br /> But what makes this picture unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism is, of course, the enormous constellation of talents collected under one banner to bring this filmy, wet dream into a shining, vibrant life. . Unbeatable Technicolor photography that we will all survive, a truck of worthy character characters (including one cute dog), a music score by Max Steiner that seems determined to reach the "composed movie" that Michael Powell (which is ironic a little part in the 1927 quiet version) always dreamed about what was sometimes on the verge of dissonance, but always through beautiful symphonic, operative exoticism, a dreamlike atmosphere where material considerations are not an object, characters travel as if moving from one place to the next, the dialogue is sparse, vague and suggestive, the artistic direction is close to heavenly, floral arrangements appear in the humble hut or tent, the heroine's wardrobe is inexhaustible and all the male characters are aristocrats, saints , doomed but horny sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM DVD presentation of this movie is bare bones but impeccable. The bit rate is very high all the time, the color registration is almost always perfect and the 2.0 monk sounds right on Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this kind of women topic ": The next year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by" The Garden of Allah ", directed at Carnet de Bal, where a very similar clothes horse butter does not suffocate in her mouth do not want to discover heroine (widow after the care of a sick man in the exotic distances of an impossible romantic alpine villa) what she missed by putting on the male dancers in her first dance book She finds them in time, just to realize that any feelings between her and herself were at one point, misunderstood, overestimated or otherwise had life-long tragic consequences, was Duvivier's cynical way of telling us to be unaware to be of idealistic ideas and to grow up all sooner or later.
