I discovered this movie after reading the book that inspired it. It's not a strict biographical movie; It is "loosely based" on the facts. But I found it a compelling and ominous exploration of evil and infirmity, and Michel Serrault gives an unforgettable performance as dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this movie; Petiotjie travels through the night like a vampire, his black cloak fleeing behind him is almost iconic. There are also several touches of expressionism. Petiot's curved silhouette leading the stairs leading out of the basement, where the victims of his victims are waiting, reminded me of some scenes of 'Nosferatu'. <br /> <br /> But I have the primary appeal of this movie to obey. The soundtrack is loaded with ominous noises, starting with the predictive music of the opening credits, accompanied by a wordless stroke. Petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex of very small stores, and there is a persistent background noise that cutters are cut sharply somewhere, as well as a peddler who plays ominous songs on a saw. There are also animal sounds - the porter keeps a goat, invisible cats crying - and later in the movie we see uncomfortable cattle being run through an underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with overtones of violence and slaughter. <br /> <br /> Not only animals, but human voices are often heard - the scream of Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in his waiting room, monitored by a listening device, just like the suspicious associates after the war in their cells are monitored. Even the action of the film is regularly arranged so that we can hear the voices of the participants without seeing them. When Petiot goes to see Mme Kern, we hear her sing as she works, echo her voice in the theater before we ever see her. And even when she appears, she is often filmed from behind, her voice calling to her husband, whose voice calls her into conversation. Disembodied voices echo in large halls, and their owners, when seen, are photographed remotely so we can't actually see them. It's a ghost story, and it's the voices of ghosts - many of them Petiot's future victims. <br /> <br /> But Petiot himself is often just a voice; his frightening laugh echoed as he came back from the camera, throwing no comment behind him or in the air. In a way, he is as much a ghost as he kills. He is always frantically busy, scolding appointments, never resting. But his activity is that of a machine - lifeless and incomprehensible. Interestingly, under all the horrors and dangers of occupied Paris, Petiot is only fearless; He is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, disrespectful, but never afraid, unlike the real people he attracts to their death. It is no surprise that he boasts his mechanical inventions, including an eternal motion machine (a true detail from the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); He is a kind of eternal movement machine himself. And mechanical images are everywhere in the film, from the giant wheel in the movie house, to Petiot's bike (with its squeaky wheels sounding the sharp knife sound), to the Victrola he stops playing music before he kills. . Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a letter to your wife, let me disguise you before you leave, you need a vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar. Like a good-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just as the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> The author, Maeder, says it was the clockwork perfection of his crimes so heavily weighed against Petiot during his trial. His system was as smooth and effective as a Nazi concentration camp, and this may be why the film occupies part of Petiot's involvement with the French Gestapo and the Nazis. Unfortunately, it doesn't really work as part of the story, because it's very hard to find out just what Petiot does for the coworkers, or what happens when he ends at their headquarters in the middle of the night. Discarding Bodies? Hide stolen goods? It's hard to say, and harder to believe; It's probably not that the state will turn to a freelance like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But this reminds us of the duality of the evil people; Petiot is a robber and a murderer, but he is also a dedicated father and man. Just as we learned that Hitler loved dogs and that Nazis who were guilty of the worst war crimes can also love fathers and relatives, we must admit that Petiot can commit unspeakable horrors and also function normally. His madness is easily camouflaged by the madness and horror of the wartime situation in Paris; When there are killed, robbed and disappeared, no one happens, because Petiot is hoping for more bodies.
