I watched this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved it, and not just for the obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers trying to climb one of Mount Everest's sister peaks. Now, this kind of thing is usually a can't miss. Inspirational. Move. Nice standard, right? And even if the movie were the same, I'd still like it. But it was so much more. Blind herself, German Sabriye Tenberken founded a blind children school in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, proving that a person has done bad things in a past life. Many of the kids at school are killing their entire lives, and at best it is a burden for their families. As part of their training, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind person to reach the mountain of Mount Everest. She sent him a letter inviting him to visit her students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. He will arrange an expedition for them to climb 23 000 feet of Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants and that's when the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Erik's team is mostly American, mostly male and mostly face. As experienced mountaineers, they are type A personalities, very gung-ho and purposeful. Sabriye is European, female and blind, and the students for her are more than a "project," no matter how well-meant. In addition, the students are Tibetan, and not old enough or confident enough to always stand up for themselves. As the expedition unfolds, it becomes between the two adult "sides", who both want to please, while at the same time wanting to gain the confidence that comes from reaching. As an additional stumbling block (other than being blind, that is), they speak English as a second or, in most cases, a third language, and struggle to understand and understand themselves. <br /> <br /> When it turns From the fact that none of the students have any ivy experience, and some are more coordinated than others, it begins to unravel Erik's original plan so that they can all reach the summit. Since both students and teachers are experiencing the effects of high altitude, it has to be decided whether the mountain is going or going. Among the effects of high altitude is increased irritability, and you can see how it feeds on the conflict between adults. With the risk of being over-lighted, on the one hand are those for whom the destination is everything, and on the other hand, those who just want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it all comes out, except to say that this is one of the most surprising and thought-out stories I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> The film also narrates boats of every climber's story in the story, and it was much needed because the children tended to keep their heads off and shut their mouths. With all the drama happening around them, it wasn't surprising. The backgrounds are in turn sweet and heartbreaking, and I found it very strange that at the beginning of the film I was closer to tears than to the end. It was contrary to my expectations and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama to cover, director Walker and her little crew, with the freezing and oxygen-deprived circumstances, had to fight herself, equipment on the mountains and hope it won't break down. As with all major documentaries, the filmmaker was just lucky enough (or clever enough or prepared enough) to be in the right place at the right time and caught a very special story that has so much to say about people who want to do "What is best for the children" as it does for the children themselves.
