There is an episode of The Simpsons containing a joke report referring to an army training base as a "Killbot Factory". Here's the commentary simply part of a thrown away joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary does, we are terrifyingly showing that it's not so far from the truth. After World War II, the US Army decided to tackle a problem confronted by the war; that many soldiers came into battle and could not kill themselves altogether unless it was a matter for me or for them. Since then, the US military's training process has removed all moral scruples and transformed recruits into murderers who don't think of fighters as humans. To develop in them a most unnatural state: "The sustainable urge to kill". <br /> <br /> First, it's not an anti-war movie as such. While it certainly relieves war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses on an aspect that doesn't receive as much media attention as the debate on the legality of war or physical successes or failures. The influence of the process of changing a man into a soldier has that person as a human being. It is the paradox that someone trains someone to be a soldier to defend the community, making them totally unfit to live as part of society. Although most examples and interrogators come from the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod makes the links to past conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. It's not about a specific war, it's about the problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structure resembles the film in three sections; how recruits are drawn into the army and the training they receive, how they are treated when they are in battle and what happens when they leave the army. Once this point is reached, you realize that the main purpose of this movie is actually the policy inherent in armed forces, policies that are set to make soldiers in an affective war, but to remove all humanity from the individuals. . The interviewers tell the camera how the recruitment process looks so clean and simple, how word such as "democracy" and "freedom" are reversed, but as soon as training begins, they become "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy". How once in action soldiers do not care what they are ordered to do, as they are complicated by the idea that as soon as they make an order, whatever it may be, they go one step closer to home. They have no political or social ideals to fight but fight and kill, because that is what they are trained to do. <br /> <br /> But the ground truth's main goal is to return the way the US army wiped out those who fought for their country as they returned. No real rehabilitation is given to returning to soldiers, and many are forced to go home that cannot see. They have the most policies in place to ensure that the military has no legal responsibility for the psychological consequences of their soldiers picking up. This is the final outrage once they are used, they are discarded. <br /> <br /> If there is a mistake in the movie, it is that Foulkrod is not trying to point to the other side. You will get the impression that every soldier who ever went to war returns with Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome. It would have been interesting to have that of a ?? less liberal education gives their opinion on how the army handles training and policy. There is never a chance for the other side of the argument to make himself known. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, it is an expertly crafted documentary, and Foulkrod's use of stock and music is perfectly used to come across a side of the war that is too often succeeded when the fall of war to be discussed.
