"Descent." Yes. Boy ... I haven't seen anything powerful and brilliant since Bruno Dumont's, "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (Incidentally, this movie should not be confused with another fairly recent picture on the subject of "female empowerment", "The Descent" (2005), led by our Splat Pack friend, Neil Marshall, who is also a major is talent, but his own right.) But to come back to this lineage, the NC-17-rated (uh-oh) effort put on the sweet maid. Dawson earns a producer's credit (congratulations) and directed by Talia Lugacy (strong chance not a real name), as good as it is (in moments), it won't be appreciated by most people there, because the writing is pretty wrong. As a producer, you really need to touch that script. Of course, in the starting point alone, you have the promise of rising conflict, but the task remains to reach rising conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this thing plays like an interesting piece of experimental theater and well, I think I'll talk to the others who have already commented on it with its boredom, that which appears in the second act, but find me a second act that is not boring? There is also this Vang 22 that goes along with these quasi-independent films such as "Descent" in which Rosario commits herself and uses her "fame identity" to get a production script that would not get under normal circumstances. Anyway, she's actually a miscarriage in the movie's lead role. Rosario Dawson is beautiful, and apparently you can shoot this girl from any angle all day, but, oh, wow, how fast is the time gone: Rosy is no longer undergraduate. This is part of the confusion over the script: "Is she a graduate? A TA? No, graduate students don't really have such a bad deal with soccer players?" Once again, being Rosario Dawson, Executive Producer, is one of many, many aspects of the professional movie process that you should consider when starting this great new role in your film career. And if you don't have the answer why your movie isn't convincing, let me tell you: there is a boat load and a bunch of live, well-qualified, undergraduate talents and pain to get involved in the business, which that time the main character could have nailed, just as good as you know who; but unfortunately without Mrs. Don't love Dawson, NO money. However, I have to say that the chamber division did an excellent job because this film was really well shot (ie lit) in all its dreamy / dreamy darkness. The nightclub screens look great; One can begin to pay off all the music videos and the play in time ... The shooting / frames are all pretty excellent making the picture a rewarding look. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is not great. However, I have a feeling, thanks to NetFlix, this movie will find its own life. I hope this group still makes movies. If you're working on experimental American filmmaking, cinematic images of incredibly well-formed college studs (or male model retrenchments) in the early twenties, or if you're an undergraduate student, are just angry with the hormonal-aggressive young men who exist. from less than half your US university, "Rosario Dawson's Descent" can be your taste of RockaRoll.
