I rented this movie just because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to see it with my partner and we were glued to us for 6 minutes. Not because of any intensity in those 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no cornice; film. It caught up with you slowly and stirred you into a tragic human destiny. Some people think they enjoy film, but unfortunately they are wrong. They love movies; mental entertainment for entertainment alone. Michael Bay's Transformers and the like were produced for this audience. No need to think about people, just watch and allow stereotype that we can collect to slowly dissolve your brain. We even place advertisements throughout the movie to keep you buying our products. And don't forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make the distinction, art can be entertainment, but it is also thoughts and moves you in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely art and even then arbitrary. Movie is entertainment. Origin is a movie. Film is art. <br /> <br /> If you put another soul in your walking bag device, these rape zones are each as powerful as "Irreversable". The distinction here is that "Irreversible" was a violent rape scene involving two people whose roads unfortunately crossed at the wrong time and hell occurred. "Descent" is about date rape. No less disgusting. No less corrupt. Just different. It's about trust violation, soul withdrawal and the scars that run deep. If the character "Maya" agreed, it would have been a hot sex scene. But since she was desperate to escape, the scene was sick. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative series rapist, and it is quite disturbing because it looks so close to a passionate love affair. How can 'Maya' ever be near somebody when even in the midst of rape her "Jared's" slick lover boy facade just ever hints? She was devastated. <br /> <br /> The movie as a whole is beautiful. The camera sometimes works and lightens the environment and focuses on "Maya" and the silent inner working of her mind. All this by Rosario with facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was excellent, a mix of everything. My particular favorite scene is a synchronization of all those movies that work together; "Maya" dance in a sea of ​​writhing bodies, something within her awakening, became aware, all on a beautiful sadness Jeff Buckley tune. <br /> <br /> I don't think I've spoiled anything here, but I stop before I do it. Bottom line, I think it was the best movie of 2007, hands off. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so upset these days that if you are not hooking, scraping, gang rape or something new, people just can't be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It's just the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen are never leaving you. They are always in your mind. When you shower when brushing your teeth; when you buy a Christmas gift when you tie your shoe; they haunt you. They haunt you until the last thing you make known. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
