Being the Beatlemaniac, I approached two of us with a combination of fear and fascination. Having seen in his life, the John Lennon Story, I was very worried that Two Of Us would not get any better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris look absolutely nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney ?? even with some make-up and proper hairdos ?? didn't help a little. <br /> <br /> But I was more than a little pleasantly surprised. This is probably due to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed Let It Be in 1970 and consequently John and Paul probably knew that the characters and the dialogue were as convincing as they did. (The writing credit for Two Of Us is given to a man named Mark Stanfield, of whom I know absolutely nothing. I am confident that director Lindsay-Hogg had more than a little to do with the script.) Two of us are not a biography of the Beatles; it actually has very little plot and finds it all in one day in New York City. What does, is a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. That meeting is totally fictitious, of course? Although it cannot really be rejected that such a meeting actually took place. But through the imagined conversation does it give us a glimpse of the personalities of these two good musicians ?? their intelligence, their sense of humor, their different response to stars and especially their relationship; What made them such a good team and what broke them up. Because it is a conversation movie, nothing but a dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half does not follow the Beatles; but it is a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and is both informative and touching. For those who are interested in these two musical giants, will you quickly come across the shock of how differently the actors watch their peers and feel that John and Paul have come to life? The writing is so intimate and convincing, and so dedicated are the actors. Two Of We give you valuable insight into the lives of two geniuses, and a story that is both sad and funny. Certainly recommended.
