The original Georgian film by Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969), aka Do not Grieve, is loosely based on the novel by French author Claude Tillier (1801-1844). "Mr. Benjamin." The novel takes place in the country's side of the 18th century France. The Great French Revolution is still ahead, but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor, is a soul of a local community, the educated, friendly, democratic person who often treats the poor free of charge. It makes him very popular with the local population, but certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette who is also crazy about him, but is watched by her father who called his daughter "his little capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the marriage contract is signed. I never read the book, and from the description it looks like a beautiful, very French novel, but I am fascinated by the results of the shifting of characters and a few plural elements from the 18th century to the beginning of the 20th century Georgia-Grusiya. I think it was Danelia who had all the colorful memorable characters who felt so much at home in his own Georgia-Grusiya, the land of long and wonderful traditions, including wine making and drinking, scarce music talent all Georgians seem to possess, very unique humor, and high honor gods. When we watched the movie with my husband last night, he said, a good example of an art film, and I agree with him. Not Roem, is a perfect art film, visually beautiful, deep but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never in a preaching arrogant way, but optimistic. Life celebrates with all its beauty and sorrow, full of interest, love for irony and understanding for its slightly eccentric but many human characters. Most importantly, the movie is hot and soft, it doesn't look at its viewers like some of the art photos. You don't have to be a movie to love it, to live with it, to smile and sigh, to follow the kind-hearted young doctor Benjamin (first role in a Danelia movie of famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Danelia would make two more films, including one of my all-time favorites, Mimino) on his journey through the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or to be a guest of one of a kind festival where the friends come together to celebrate the life of old doctor Levan wishing to wake up a guest on his own, to hear what his friends have to say about him when he dies while still dying alive, and who gets to choose what color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the movie, I thought it was a kind of movie that Federico Fellini wanted. I was not at all surprised to find the article about Danelia where he calls Fellini his number one director. I also noticed that, according to Danelia, well-known Soviet directors, Leonid Gaiday (the creator of much-loved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I should not offer, another Danelia's film, fairy tale about the American boy, Huck) Finn, loved, Sovsem propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about Don't grieve while Fellini praised it. I dared to go a little further and just think that Maestro Fellini kept some images and the aura and atmosphere of Do not Sorrow in mind when he made Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential that connects both movies. Both artists came back to their roots, to the places they loved very much, to the people they remembered, loved, and wanted to respect. Both films have many smiles through the tears. Both are art films that go directly to the hearts of the viewers. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I'm adding Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He made some of the brilliant photos in my most favorite genre of dramatic, even tragicomed, funny and bitterly sweet, dirty and subtle, sweet, and uplifting, soft and shiny. When I got the list of movies he wrote, I was amazed at the fact that he didn't make a single bad movie, as he started in 1960 with the award-winning story of a young boy, Seryozha. has. Many of Danelia's films are one of my favorites, because I'm sure they are one of his legions fans. The man behind 'Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), an adaptation of Mark Twain. The adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya Shagayu po Moskve (1964), as well as the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969). , Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy Marafon (1979), as well as Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very suitable title for this movie, as well as for the whole genre that Danelia invented practically, and the cult lover For over 20 years, Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) is brilliant and deserves our true love and true gratitude for the memorable moments of movie happiness.
