This is a film that has attracted me so far, but as I watched it, it appears as one of the most important noir style entries. As usual with the DivX format, was the performance far from ideal? missed by the occasional video and (mostly) audio glitches ?? But since the movie is not yet available on R1 DVD, it will be needed for the moment. Since the film's reputation is fairly high within the genre itself, I assume that the reason for this review is because it is not a well-known actor in the lead. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the delayed entry of the movie's nominal star ?? Franchot Tone ?? pack a little muurop (especially as he is shown the villain first)! Tone was an underrated actor? He is rarely given meaty roles, and it may be his best (making his paranoid both fascinating and credible). The female lead ?? Ella Raines, who would later appear in BRUTE FORCE (1947) as well as Siodmak's own THE SUSPECT (1944) and THE STRONG MATTERS OF UNCLE HARRY (1945)? is pretty sweet and takes the role of the retired secretary to prove innocent boss (Baxter) innocent of his wife's brutal murder. Other key supportive parts are set up by Thomas Gomez as the initial bully, but ultimately sympathetic police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. the genre's distinctive fall man ?? like a bad lady of a percussionist. <br /> <br /> Like the BRUTE FORCE's Jules Dassin, Siodmak was in a no-roll at this stage and this film certainly benefits from its excellent direction? ? all the tilted corners and fantastic set pieces, including the fair celebrated jazz sequence in which Cook male beats on his drums in a sexual frenzy caused by the cleverly-pleasing Raines (who acts to get his attention and eventually leaves drive to confess that he initiated evidence at the investigation that could explain her resigned lover from prison). Another big, long sequence is the one in which Raines follows a bartender (another uncooperative witness) in the streets of New York? which causes him to be cut by a car! <br /> <br /> Notable, too, is the trial order ?? portrayed entirely by the audience's response to judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. is never actually seen (although the judge's voice is recognizable by veteran character actor Samuel S. Hinds). The centerpiece of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the particular criminal, with the inspector's latter as mentally insane, who initially provoked Tone "dizzy spells". The exciting climax finds Raines alone with Tone in his apartment, where she discovers evidence of his guilt ?? and he confessed that she had a relationship with Baxter's wife, but killed her when she would not leave her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I hit a bit in the movie: while the story was clear in 1943, I noticed that during the taxi ride to the beginning of the movie? where Alan Curtis accompanies the titular lady to the theater? The New York Founding Shoe (which consists of stocktaking) features an exhibition that promotes Laurel and Hardy's 1938 musical comedy, SWISS MISS. Incidentally, the famous secret writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which it was based using a pseudonym.
