Alan Curtis has a loud, violent sounding argument with his wife, banging off his apartment, having an evening drink with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (managed by Andrew Tombes, in a beautiful ominous part for a change), and return to kill his wife and wait for the police, led by Thomas Gomez. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with the mysterious lady - fell because everyone he could think of (Tombs, Elisa Cook) claimed there was never such a person. He ends with no alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) Ellen Raines believes him. He is found guilty after a trial and waits for his death sentence. Raines is starting to find out that Gomez has his own doubts. She also finds an ally in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who apparently was out of town the night of the crime. Will she clean Curtis in time? The PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (great noir writer Cornell Woolrich). Like movie fans know of other works by Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, THE NIGHTS HAVE A DUTY EYE, REAR WINDOW, NO MAN OF ITS OWN), one cannot accept what is true on the surface. The missing wife of a salesman may not really stand up, and he sends messages she has arrived if he still has her jewelry. The mentalist can really predict tragedy - or has he planned the murder of his old partner, now an oil millionaire? Did a leopard kill the young women, or is the rich desert in the village actually a meager knowledge? Is the young woman claiming to be the wife of a brother who was murdered in a train wreck, actually a fraudster? Here's Raines and Gomez (with an assistant at Tone) to prove that Curtis sees a woman nobody will recognize - and if he sees her, why can't anyone else see her? The problem with the story is actually Curtis's personality - he gives too easily when he is found guilty of the crime he did not commit. In fact, anyone who is innocent will shout it until the moment they are executed. However, in defense of Curtis's collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. THEN GOING TO THE VILLAGE, being so disgusting about the framework he gets as fraudulent and malicious by Douglas Dumbrille and his embassy that he does not even defend himself until the people who will rely on his help call out their fears in court waking up again his sense of responsibility. But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and everyone else will not care about Curtis. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. The slow unraveling of lies by witnesses overthrown by the real killer leaves two sets for Raines with Tombs on a deserted elevated platform and Elisha Cook during a jazz session. Gomez seems to be more remarkable than the villain expects him to double check his alibi. And the villain beat Raines and Gomez slightly to the end of the film. If it's not such a movie as DOUBLE OBLIGATION or THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE OF THE MALTESE FALCON, keep it well until the moment Curtis and Raines are reunited at the end.
