This noir may not be the best remembered movie of the era, but features a great riddle, the general noir atmosphere and some good performances from its lesser-known role players. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the mystery / horror classic 'The Spiral Staircase', directed this film two years earlier than the aforementioned film and shows a true flair for creating a dark and breeding atmosphere as well as creating a plot that both intrigues and fascinates the viewer. Phantom Lady focus on Scott Henderson; A man married to a woman he doesn't like. One night he took a lady in a big hat in a bar, and the two agreed with a no-strings attached of night of fun. He then returned home to find his apartment infected by police officers and soon realized that the reason they were there was because his wife was kinked with one of his necks! He is troubled to find that no one has seen, while the mysterious woman can remember her, and of course the jury sends him the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him, his beautiful female employee gets the case ... <br /> <br /> The plot is moving smoothly, and unlike many of the best-known noirs, this one has some murders that make the proceedings more interesting. In fact, if it wasn't for the fact that it was made in the forties and shot in black and white, I'd swear Phantom Lady, was an Italian Giallo! The central characters are interesting enough, with Alan Curtis providing a good portrayal of the unlucky victim, and Ella Raines is effective as the female impromptu detective. The real exception to the movie, however, is Franchot Tone, which offers an unforgettable performance as the madman of the piece. The film also played a role in supporting author Elisha Cook Jr, who plays the drums in the film's most memorable segment. If I were to criticize this movie, I would say that the killer's identity is revealed a little too early - although Phantom Lady deserves credit on the cover, for the original way it goes. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is wonderful with the unlikely plot line) and overall, Phantom Lady is surely one of the biggest and most subordinate noirs ever made!
