I rated this movie 7/10 which is an average of 8/10 for screen games, directions and 1944 production values ​​and 6/10 for acting. My acting score in turn was calculated at 4/10 for all screen characters except what played. by heroine Ella Raines as Carol Richman who was excellent at 8/10. Also, I commend Thomas Gomez as Inspector Burgess whose character convinced that he personally did not think the guilty verdict on Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was just in the light of his naive alibi. These two then form an alliance to prove Scott's alibi. <br /> <br /> I have this movie on a DVD of Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro in Spanish as La Dama Desconocida with the original soundtrack Ingles as an alternative language, because in spite of searching I couldn't get a whole English version do not get. However, I was anxious to see another performance by Ella Raines after she was impressed with her performance as a heroine in 'Impact' playing a single female garage owner. Her Ella performs another heroic role in the innocence of her engineer boss and refuses several suggestions that she should return to her home in Kansas (her boss's pet name for her) before solving the missing alibi. The fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a little hard to believe since he was formally just having a formal business relationship with her. However, he designed children's homes and playgrounds, so I suppose that "family man" was relieved in Carol's brain. <br /> <br /> In the 1940s with "the movie code" in operation, producers can only depict sex through metaphors and this is done in the form of fiery drums by Elisa Cooke jnr. Dolls are played. She is like a girl of easy virtue in an attempt to attract the drummer. gives her information on "The Phantom Lady" alibi. The other main character, Jack Marlow (an associate of Scott Henderson) is played by Franchot Tone whose performance I found theatrically and wondered why Carol, for example, didn't see him constantly and Strang's admiration for his hands. Here, the screenplay needs to be improved and more tension given, as these plays accompanied the plot, too early for the audience.
