The purpose of a James Bond game is to make the player feel that he is fulfilling an ultimate fantasy: step in the shoes of Agent 007. "FRWL" gets closer to this goal than any other game because this time you control the real James Bond. No offense to Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and borrowed his voice and parable from "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there would never be someone coming near his cool level. <br /> <br /> At this point, I have to say, like many others who reviewed this game, that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit his 30-year-old image onto the screen, and it takes a little while on, but it's definitely worth it. This. He made lines like "Bond James Bond" and "Shaken, not stirred" again in a big deal. But the control of Sir Sean as he is the bad organization known as OCTOPUS, as Bond said in "Octopussy", "just the tip of the tentacle." The cruelty of the game begins with the opening channel. This is the original rifle barrel of the movies. Then you take on the first mission, save the prime minister's hot blonde daughter of terrorists in Parliament, and everything from the cars to the clothes is perfectly retro. The world of the game is truly the world of the original James Bond, up to the classic rock-n-roll version of the James Bond theme, which ultimately plays an important moment in the game, as Bond is a secret factory enters. <br /> <br /> Following the opening of the game, the plot faithfully follows the plot of the movie "FRWL." James Bond was sent to Turkey to pick up a lecturer from a Russian newspaper clerk claiming she had a loved one. In Turkey, Bond team up with the lovely sidekick Kerim Bey. Bond needs to pick up the device, protect the girl in need, and both get back safely to London. Bond screenwriter Bruce Feirstein works on the script, and he has done a good job of making the game the same, but unlike the movie. The characters from the movie are all well recreated, but some are better than others. The robbers Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are rude. And there is a moment early in the game where you are with a Miss. Moneypenny, M and Q speak, who all look and act like they did in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What Makes This Game Before the other Bond games, except Sir Sean's voice and parable, are two notable features in the game. One is Bond focus. While you can send out bad guys simply by connecting them with one button and killing them with the other, an additional button will allow you to zoom in on a target and choose between places that Bond would shoot, such as a grenade that will send a belt that sends an enemy and some of his friend or a rap cord that will cause a suspended enemy to plunge into his death. The other notable feature is the stealth and many deaths. When you're close enough, just push a button to hit an enemy with the raw brutality that only Sean Connery's James Bond shows. <br /> <br /> Sean Connery's Bond is mostly based on his raw white and talent, so you only have a few gadgets, but they're good. The Q-copter is a remote-controlled helicopter that can destroy and explore areas Bond cannot, as the Q-spider in "EON", achieve better. The classic laser watch is useful not only for getting in sealed rooms, but for sending out enemies if you have no other weapon available. Sonic cufflinks and a serum pistol are the best to play with, but you have to experience it yourself. Besides the gadgets, you can join Bond in a number of retro costumes found during the game, including the gray movie pack, the standard black dress, a retro stealth suit and those classic white tuxedos that look like They've when Sir Sean wore them in the movies. If you're in the game, drive the Aston Martin DB5 straight out of Goldfinger. It can't be invisible, but it has a gadget for popping tires like in the movie. And if you're not flying in the streets of Istanbul in the Goldinger car, you can fly through the air in the Thunderball jetpack. <br /> <br /> Then there's the multiplayer. Of course, it should be compared to the standard of the "GoldenEye" game, and it fails. Also, you can only play Bond villains rather than Bond himself or the other heroes of the game. But the multiplayer is amusing, and a decent bonus since the cruelty of the single-player campaign alone makes the game worth playing. The basic game has other flaws. Some of the movie's most exciting moments, especially the gypsy camp shooting, Bond's noise with Red Grant on the Orient Express, and a confrontation between Bond and Rosa Klebb's blowpipe, are not justly spelled out. And the game is a fast paced game, even in the toughest of trouble. But overall, this game is so far the best James Bond experience.
