I'm not a follower of some movie genre. I only classify movies as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film by director Jamie Blanks, after his urban legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and story line are very poor. However, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the movie are so thin and iconic, and it makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so down-to-earth. Since his high school years, he has grown with his wounds which he has accumulated in his soul against his classmates, who enjoyed him. If you concentrate enough on this first element while watching the movie, you will see this view of Humanism: "No one is completely good or evil. In fact, someone known as evil can be secretly at heart." Just because the story line and the direction are very poor, we are not as satisfied as we deserved. <br /> <br /> Of course, the second iconic element is the wonderful companionship of the 90s superstar letters. My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel who is killed in the coolest way. An arrow shot from a bow breaks her stomach and stays fast as she hides with her blind day and never meets. Katherine Heigl is the first star to be killed in a biological laboratory while lying on human surgical surgical tables. Denise Richards is being murdered third while finding a Valentine's Day gift for her at a whirlpool bath. Jessica Capshaw is killed last in a confidential and unseen way, then she is calibrated to be the serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unlucky one with an indifference to prosperity that she will be killed in the most confidential way we will never know, because the movie comes to an end before being killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the happiest, as she was not a classmate of serial killer David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and last iconic element is the soundtrack of the blind maze scene, Day celebration at Dorothy's home screens and ultimately the killing themes. Everyone loved the soundtrack. Hard Rock never fits better into a murder-mystery movie.
