I won't try to speculate on what Brando has tried. At best, he turns into such strange ball performances, which so many things sink at once, that he doesn't seem to do as much as it does by infallible instincts. It often seems that he is paying attention to a favorite aspect of his character about everyone else, a concentration that, as a result, seems to be something of a red herring, as he looks more subtle, more beautiful than he first appeared. It is a mastery of art, not naturalism, possibly associated with the method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz realized so wonderfully, seems to him adapted, and it is strange and strange at the end. For whatever Brando did, he received a grace, perhaps his own, but a sustained grace, yet - strange, comes from an actor with limited musical ability, not before or after the music communication. Jean Simmons, also strangely cast, is not quite as impressive, but definitely above just enough, really delicious in the Havana range, and never less than pleasant. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because actors are both so focused on what they are doing, and characters about what they want from each other do not look like lovers. "Chemistry" has been generating so much more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah respectively feed each other well enough, but I no longer see it. In a movie it is extremely brilliant and entertaining (and most everything about it, crafty, is just that - shining). It seems to be tactfully and easily overlooked, but so much will depend on true chemistry! A, at least partial, transformation of the characters through such chemistry would lead to something positive at the end of the scene. As it is, one definitely leaves this movie delighted, but doesn't really move, except to deny the truth of the union. Note Sister Sarah is married in her missionary's uniform, Sky Masterson, in his same brave man-over-daughter, rather than wedding-tux. And they returned to that of their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Funnily enough (it's informative), the most gripping and most serious scene is, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, as The Pop of Sinatra / Nathan Detroit, Adelaide, the only scene where this two are exclusively together, especially since there is no flirting between them, although it takes place in Adelaide's dressing room while Adelaide is changing. Although one can submit, there is no room for it. Sky is really the kind to "check out" Adelaide in these circumstances. He is even there to tell Adelaide. Nathan won't meet her to escape. Adelaide and Sky are both in their respective ways to Nathan, even piteous of him, as shown by a tone in their exchange. Adelaide is, of course, also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is mitigated by her deeper feelings for Nathan, as Sky admonishes that she cannot love a man and then desires someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls are another turn in the battle of the sexes, around the theme of gambling and rescue. As both the forced and rescue seekers are more or less subconsciously despairing, there can only be a dark secret that is deliberately behind Brando and Simmons's lack of chemistry. The deficiency may indicate an excess of narcissistic appearance (pronounced by the Sinatra / Blaine mating, although involved with much less self-deception), which can explain Brando and Simmons' strange, highly challenging interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister. Sarah. I realize that Simmons can mostly portray coldness and skepticism, but Brando, while playing to confront her, is not completely heated and eager, and is beyond his distance - he also assimilates it and keeps his balance there. His confidence is just to play against her - the trip to Cuba, a coast, whatever it takes - but he is not actually winning by seducing her so that she is in her own peat. don't hit. It can be smart, as playing for zeal is the only way to get to the missionary, and through. But it does make Sky's transition from just winning a bet to actually having Sarah Brown a little less than convincing. But why does he want her? What does love in heaven mean? I find the only way to achieve this is by the fact that she has accepted humanity, tuned in, and that he does not just want to end sister Sarah, so he must save the sinners for her prayer meeting, make good with his "marker", as he puts it, as a way to win her back if he seems to have just won to lose her. But it still points to restraint. However, this also allows Sarah Brown's own restraint, as Sky will bother the missionary to get the lover back. It also does not seem to change much by their trade union, except perhaps in the acceptance of the other. Yet, it seems to be an uncomfortable suggestion: acceptance is quite a cry away from achieving happiness in the other, let alone the transcendence they each look like because of 'chemistry'. And behind it all, I suspect Mankiewicz's full knowledge. <br /> <br /> For anyone who can say, in defense of Children and Puppets, that not much of the art of music can be expected in depth, I just need to remind them of Cabaret, the Three-penny opera, Carousel , a star was born, even the sound of music, which I don't care much about (and one can add to this list without even going to the post-cabaret musicals), decorating everything with great music and dancing .
