It can be easy to call guys and girls. It has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and unlike Sinatra's original wishes, the decisive works), it felt a very cool 1950s, even though it is basically transmitted from scene to screen with just a little interruption. And most of the songs are often very fun and conspicuous, and with that twist and nod, they nod to the wonderful escapism inherent in the form itself. If it's not quite as good as some others, it shouldn't be the mistake of filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all the songs click completely, and a bit of the dialogue feels it is being performed on stage as opposed to film (it's hard to tell at times. Brando and Sinatra break the line so often you have to watch carefully knowing when one is playing for the camera or for the "stage" while actress Adele is playing is better for stage than the screen. <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners who work well for his period, though one wonder if his influence stretched to 1999's She is all (well, not quite, but close). A golfer (and 14-year-old fiance), played by Sinatra, wants to offer a big-time match, but is told the heat is on, which means the police are on the watch. So, he has only one choice to offer the game, with a thousand dollar tab. The only way he can get it is through a big bet with fellow player Brando, who makes a missionary of a missionary. It provides for the predictable twists in the story, in the sudden onset of the traits, of the peculiarities of people from the streets (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons who falls for Brando). It is in its basic concept of this whole world of guys and dolls, and how to balance one or another - of course, without marrying or compromising. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the piece, even though he is silent with the camera on the subject, and his stars are properly introduced. Hell, even Brando works great for a musical, because he goes beyond the method actor and shows his chops for the singing and star quality. The story and characters eventually come down to what you hope will happen, and that's good. All we ask, and what we get, is entertaining in good traces of witty, dialogue, and some songs and dances that bring home (my favorites were the number at the lady cats at the club, Luck be Lady, and the two numbers in Havana, Cuba). A
