A group of San Francisco women with a model caliber, who have been friends since high school, are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends their bizarre Valentine's Day cards. Who is the murderer and why is the murderer after them? <br /> <br /> My review will often change on later views of a movie - sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly off. However, I can't remember another movie where my rating changed so drastically as for Valentine. The first time I looked at it, I thought it was pretty awful - I gave it a 4 out of 10, the equivalent of a "F" grade. I watched it a second time last night, but I can't remember what I didn't like about it. I can only assume that maybe I was really in the wrong mood to watch it, or maybe I just didn't get it. I loved it anyway and gave it a 9 out of 10, or an "A". <br /> <br /> It may sound ridiculous that I didn't get such a movie, but there is something to get. Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for the Urban Legend of 1998, takes the stereotypical teenage horror formula that became so popular in the late 1990s in the aftermath of Scream (1996) and marks most of the elements on which Valentine intentionally cheesy / camping almost to the point of absurdity (where absurdism is a positive still term). In addition, he gives us a film with humorous comments on romantic relationships. The humor is unusual because it shows the same exaggerated champion as teenage horror aspects. Most of the situations in the movie and the modus operandi of the villain, humorous or not, are linked to the Valentine's Day theme. <br /> <br /> Many viewers will probably derive points from the movie for its different cliché-made but indescribable scenarios and plot developments. However, in view of the above, the film is deliberately clumsy, indisputable and ridiculous. It is as if Blanks is trying to outdo (and usually succeed) the typical teenage cutter by mocking and mocking the genre conventions while also experiencing erosion. It's the attraction of the irony to base a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It is an indifference woven by the film, and it is at the heart of the slasher genre. This makes it the best feed for Valentine's excessive lampooning. Shouting had a similar purpose with his horror material, but the twist was that the film was self-conscious. Valentine's Day is deliberately not self-conscious; the viewer must rely on contextual clues for satire. If someone thinks I'm reading too much in the movie, it's worth noting that Blanks said in interviews that he didn't just want to do another movie after Urban Legend, and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do . something "more mature". <br /> <br /> Other viewers may think that Valentine's Day is so different from his alleged source material, the novel of the same name by Tom Savage. The novel's characters, essay and plot differ greatly from the movie. Sellers said, "While this was a good book, I didn't think it was the real story for a movie." Instead, the novel, which is much stronger and more serious in tone, is used as a launch pad, a motive to create differences for a horror / thriller story centered on Valentine's Day. While such facts will not help with the release of the book like the movie, it is useful to understand why the film has its diverse plot and attitude. It is probably better to watch the movie as an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> Blanks' direction is impeccably visual. Valentine's Day has a sumptuous look throughout, with complex, deep colors, interesting sets and good staging. Blanks are admirable for keeping his villain and attacking scenes not too dark, with clearly transmitted action. He also leads his actors with aplomb, who often divide clever humorous performances. David Boreanaz, as Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> While Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it is a very good horror / thriller movie that is highly prevalent due to misconceptions. If you look for something more in the cheek, you can appreciate it much more.
