This is a masterpiece by Frank Loesser of amusing lyrics, skilled themes and solid construction by those who adapted Damon Runyon material to the music book's "book". What is surprising about the film is how seamlessly the musical numbers flow from the storyline. Abe Burrows did the book with contributions from Loesser; Michael Kidd was the choreographer, and the outstanding artistry was contributed by Joseph Wright. The storyline can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs cash to fund his permanent swing crap game to entertain Big Julie, a Chicago Mob Boss. He plays gambler Sky Masterson, well-presented by Marlon Brando, that he can't get an Salvation Army girl to go with him to Havana; Masterson wins the bet, hits the Mission, falls in love with the girl, gets the gamblers and reef at the crap game to attend a service, and tells everyone that the woman is impervious to his charm - a complete lie. Of course he ends up with the woman; and Detroit marries the long-suffering fiancee, Vivian Blaine. Others in the film include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Pull as Big Julie's Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as the Salvation Army army, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the lukewarm Salvation Army Girl, Sarah Brown. The famous musical numbers in this award-winning Broadway smash include "Fugue For Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Lady", "I'll Know", "A Person Could Develop A Cold" Oldest Established Permnanet Floating Crap Game in New York! "Joseph L. Mankiewicz of" Cleopatra "and" Letter to Three Wives "Fame addressed the proceedings, and the flow of work is very interesting and successful, and he is equally capable of setting up a good dialogue and regulating as large numbers as Luck Be Lady, the varied and challenging brawl section, the Havana A Woman in Love section created for the film that precedes, the title song "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" in the club where Blaine works. The acting is very uneven. Simmons sometimes looks wrong for the part, Brando gets on with the song and is very good at instinct, charm and underplay, even in the comedy. Sinatra is trying hard but is wrong for the role for various reasons such as Nathan Detroit, Blaine is a little theater theater selling her numbers, which she of course sings professionally, Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what Asked and more at all points, the stylized opening and closing made to work well; All in all, this film is a triumph for Loesser's lovely and subtle lyrics, for director Mankiewicz as ringmaster, and for the genre of musical self, so little in the case justified. Lovely and very different.
