These musicals were not quite what I expected, especially since there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Since it was based on a Damon Runyon story, I expected irony and surprise, one of which was really good. When we find out that Sinatra's gang used the Salvation Army office for their crap game, while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If it also comes at the right moment, Brando will bring her back. I didn't expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He wasn't good, but he was just fine in the role. However, his large number in the sewer, with the rest of Sinatra's sons, was the only place where Brando's voice was poor. He just didn't have the power that required the great climax. Generally, I have found that the screens between Brando and Simmons are filled with electricity. I didn't think this would happen if we saw Simmons himself, and later when we were introduced to Brando in the restaurant with Sinatra to quickly pull one on him. It wasn't even before Brando went to her office that the story came to life. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, whom I have never heard of, but what I think played on Broadway, just seems to slow down the proceedings. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Also, her songs felt the worst for me, as well as the story or character. In addition, all the Goldwyn Girls numbers have shoe audiences right there for glitz. For example, when Frank meets at Brando in the nightclub, we just cut to the stage routine for the cat number - then cut it back to the guys who continue as if there was no dance number. When Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a wonderful time, but every time we return to the Sinatra-Blaine story, my interest rate has decreased. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were a few good ones, especially the very first number with Stubby Kaye, the Fugue for Tinhorns number (can do!). This is a good song and it reminds me of the very first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever it is called. And the number in the sewer - I can't help but be reminded of West Side Story's Cool - which brings me to a point. I really didn't like the artistic direction in this movie. The false Times Square was just as ominous as it had drawn attention to itself. The same for the Havana sequence, and especially the sewer. I realized back in 1955 that most musicals were shot on sets, but things had changed - Carousel, for example, made great use of location photography. Even in town, scenes shot in Mahattan in 1949. By the time we arrived at West Side Story in 1961, it is a given that things happening in Manhattan should actually be shot in Manhattan. So, by comparison, guys and dolls dated Manhattan-bound Manhattan and felt more than a little too cute. And changing Lindy's to Mindy's - did they have to do it legally? Now I always thought Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with various girls. It was much more focused than that, which is its credit. In this respect, it's much better than Les Girls, who was interesting in his own right, but it did have some salvation. <br /> <br /> My one big complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I don't know if it is endemic to the original stage show, but if Jean Simmons realizes Brando has never taken money for a bet he made . with Sinatra and even saying he lost the race, she just walked over to get him and cut us to the wedding. It seems to me a scene between Brando and Simmons would have contributed to the impact of the story. To see Brando coming around when she came to him would have been a wonderful scene. There is such a play in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have that duet while waiting for her to change. She's up in her house, he's down the pavement. He sings 76 Trombone. She sings Goodnight My Someone. They suddenly switch over and sing each other's songs - a great way to transfer their cross over to each other. This is an emotional high moment of the movie. However, Guys and Dolls went a long way.
