I was inspired by the strong sense of favor (or sympathy for!) Of Sinatra in the other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra never forgiven anyone for * if Sky Masterson was thrown. <br /> <br /> OK, who doesn't want to be thrown like Sky Masterson? ?? it's a big part: the charismatic successful player who makes a serious mistake when he allows himself to be in a bet, in which he must take or lose Salvation Army Sargeant Sarah Brown on a date to Cuba. This is not the money? It's the pride, but he and she meet their match. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit must juggle his long-term fiancé Adelaide to find a place for a craps game that will make him rich if it doesn't alienate his fiancee forever. <br /> <br /> The movie begins to live as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: it's his unique dialogue you hear, and it's his great character, and it's his horse racing / nightclub / nightclub world . Then it became a musical, and you can't help but feel it never left the stage in film form. The camera is unusually static and the sets are remarkable ?? and not pleasant ?? flat and childlike. Fortunately, the music is so nice, it doesn't matter to me. <br /> <br /> My absolute favorite thing about this movie, however, is the singing and acting of the two non-singers, Brando (as Sky) and Jean Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, pro-singers would have created better music in these roles; but what is surely forgotten is that two such excellent actors have brought something different to the party: what they had in vocal talent, they included more than gusto, acting ability and pathos, pathos, pathos. You are with Sky as he argues with Sarah against reason, steadfastness, pipes and safety. You enjoy Sarah's loosening under the influence of Cuban "milk". You feel completely the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard with bells ringing and an hour to go before the plane takes them home. As Sky rightly says, it is 'chemistry'. Pro singers ?? Whether it's Broadway belts or smooth crowners? cannot necessarily be relied upon to make it happen. (And they definitely didn't.) I read somewhere that Brando Sinatra criticized for not putting himself in the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra is in turn rendered by Brando's four-take acting method. As a Brando fan (show it?!) I intend to take the other side, but I don't think this movie was the most popular classic. It is today if Brando and Simmons were not in. this with their wonderful chemistry; Brando's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and embarrassed in a Cuban bar. Pretty. I always want a copy of this movie to feel good again. You will forgive me if some of the Nathan (sleep) talkers give the 100% brush off, won't you? You won't? Oh, be quiet and keep even more of Mindy's cheesecake!
