I remember remembering how I watched the Disney version and watch it think it somehow lost its magic. Many other exhibits, one day to the side of Cinderella, lost their touch throughout. Then I found this production with a flawless performance by Kathleen Turner as the evil stepmother and carried away by the fantasy magical essence of this fantasy story that has conquered me since childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl whose father died and was dominated by her evil stepmother and stepdaughters and longed for the ball for the last chance of freedom. But this plot line takes another turn in the classic Fairy Tale by causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and is only called Cinderella by her family because of her slavery) to be trapped in a father's situation (still alive) Lose him slowly to a dominant woman who manipulates him to play his favorite with his wife and stepdaughters against his own and try to poison him. So, Zizola goes out to save her father by stopping her stepmother to find another hearer at the ball by distracting the men who come her way. There, the bored Prince Valiant has a heartbeat of his dull life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in the strange dress (forged by a water nymph called Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /> <br /> What really attracted me to this movie was the original, the old fairy tale that no one can compare. It doesn't weigh a web of lies like most Cinderella stories, it doesn't ignore any reason why Cinderella wants to attend the ball, and it doesn't show a shallow side to the Prince as the Disney version did. Instead, it shows more of Cinderella's selfless heart more than any other production and the artwork is simply stunning! The costumes are all beautiful, especially Zizola's sapphire blue ball gown that fits the Marcella Plunkett's stunning beauty and soft, ghostly voice. <br /> <br /> I would highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in a dreamy sequence of the classic Fairy Tale with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and director did not make a complete collection of other fairy tales with the same element and the fact that the film is now out of print.
