The first step to get away from the road leading to nowhere, admits that you are in the first place; then it becomes a matter of assertive and positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that may have begun on that path. That's exactly what a young Latino girl does in Girlfight, written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Princess (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old senior from the projects in Brooklyn, challenged after the fourth battle in the halls since the beginning of the semester. She becomes a "disobedient" attitude that hides a deeply-raged anger that threatens to take her to places she'd rather not go. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very close relationship, and her younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). With her life on the verge of dissolution, she desperately needs an outlet to channel the demons that are her plague. And one day she finds it, without even agreeing, when she stops at the gym where Tiny trains. Ironically, Tiny wants nothing to do with boxing; He wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son should be able to take care of himself on the street and pay the ten dollars a week it costs for his lessons. When Princess Tiny's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), convinced her to take her and approach her father for the money, she was supposed to call it a weekly grant (she didn't want him to know what she was getting the money for) don't want), Sandro turns her off and tells her to go out and earn her own money. Eventually, with Tiny's help, she finds a way, and the ring soon becomes her second home. It's an easy-to-use environment, and her life seems to be about to turn. And the fact that his men, not women, will have to fight in 'sex-blind' competitions will not at least despise her. Princess found her element. <br /> <br /> First-time writer / director Karyn Kusama has done a fantastic job creating a realistic environment for her story, offering an honest portrait of life in the projects and the desperate to carry it so familiar. to so many young people who find themselves in the deaths and on the road leading to nowhere. And there is also no candy cover; as Hector tells Princess when she asks him how he came to be where he is. "I was a fighter once. I lost. " Then, look at the busy gym, "Like most of these guys, they're going to lose too. But that's all they know. "And this is the honesty of attitude, as well as the way the characters are portrayed, which makes this movie as good as it is. It is a dark world, underlined by the dull, enlightened gym. You can smell the sweat of the boxers and the feeling of destruction that hangs like a pole covers these people who are grabbing and hanging on the only thing they have, everything they know. <br /> <br /> Making her screen debut, Michelle Rodriguez, is perfectly thrown as Princess, penetrating her with a depth and breeding intensity that radiates from her in waves. She is so real that it makes you wonder how much Rodriguez really is; exactly where is the actor going and the character starts? Whatever it is, work it. It's a powerful, unforgettable performance by an actor with whom we are expecting another effort. She definitely makes Diana a positive role model, one in whom much hope will find inspiration and the realization that alternative roads are available in life, at least to those who will seek them. <br /> <br /> As positive as This movie is, however, something of an ambiguous note. Although Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no indication of where she is going. Is it a short term for her, or is she destined to become Hector's female counterpart? In fact, realistic (and given the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this movie), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that raises or opens him or her. And, in keeping with the subject of the film, and tackling the film maker, an affirmation of the results of Diana's assertiveness would be appropriate. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it is a very real picture of life that many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of 'Girlfight' that are somewhat credible about some of what is happening in the ring. It is a positive film that is usually a satisfying experience. I rate this one 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
