Once upon a time, Hollywood produced live-action, G-rated movies without dirty language, immorality, and gore-splattered violence. These movies have not insulted your intelligence, but your emotions have not been manipulated. The heroes differ little from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and carried the same burdens. Since the 1970s, the movie industry has pretty much written off adult G-rated movies. In fact, modern adult audiences require large doses of beautifying realism for their cinematic diet, heavy messing with boring curse, mattress cushioning, and knuckles. These ingredients make the difference between G-rated films and those rated either PG or PG-13. <br /> <br /> Wonderful, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote scripts for Clint Eastwood's "A Perfect World" (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), hits a homepage with this G-rated, feel-good, four-bagger of a baseball epic that not only celebrates America's favorite summer sports, but also the competitive spirit of the game. In essence, "The Rookie" looks like the Robert Redford saga "The Natural" of 1984 about a cute slugger who makes a return. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie", Curse, Sex and Violence, disappear. <br /> <br /> In addition, raw Dennis Quaid plays a real individual. Jim Morris's autobiography, "The Oldest Rookie: Big-League Dreams of a Small Town Guy," served as the basis for Mike "Finding Forrester" Rich's unpretentious, Norman Rockwell-style show on white middle class aspirations. Morris reached his dream when he debuted on the hill in 1999 as a relief jug. Although not in the same league with the inspiring James Stewart classic The Stratton Story (1949), the Rookie qualifies as the kind of movie that rarely makes Hollywood, because the audience finds them outdated. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography in a halo of mysticism. A Wildcat oil prospector convinced two Catholic nuns back in the 1920s to bankroll a West Texas well. While fearing that they had thrown their money on a bad advice, the sisters dried up the arid terrain with rose petals and st. Rita's patron saint calls for hopeless causes to intervene. The well gushes! The town of Big Lake comes to the fore and swells at baseballs when they don't drill holes in the grounds. The spirit of baseball harvest of the earth like petroleum. Meanwhile, years later, the US Navy does not hold Jim Morris, Sr. (Brian Cos from Manhunter) and his family in one place long before they uprooted. The constant shift takes a toll on Jim Junior. Jim's dad shows little sympathy and baseball. <br /> <br /> Yet, Jim has baseball in his blood enough to accept a baseball team as a high school chemistry teacher in his Texas hometown. Like the bad-mouthed "Bad News Bears", "The Rookie," chronicles Jim's victory to change losers into winners. Morris promises the team if they reach the division level, he will try for a professional baseball team. Predictably, Morris's students keep their end of the bargain. At age 35, Jim pitches the big league explorers as he throws fast balls at 98 miles per hour! "The Rookie" never misses out.
