Picture the scene: a mountainous alien landscape. Twin moons illuminate the scarlet air. The Tardis land, and get out of the doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian dress coat, and Rose, his companion of the Earth. A flash of recognition crossed his face. "Well, I never! This is the planet Sauri-7. Where I fought the war Kraggartians, they tried to use giant Skinkons to take over the planet." The girl sniffs the air. "Can't we go, Doctor. I don't like the look of this place. I think we're watching." The doctor wags a disapproving finger. "Don't be stupid, girl. I wonder if the king and queen of Cordaraby City remember me from my last visit. Come along, Rose, come along!" He walks away, the girl struggles to quit. High on a hill, sinister red eyes see them with hatred ... <br /> <br /> It wasn't how Rose started in 2005, and thanked you. I say unfairly at the time of his original British broadcast, 'Rose' can now be considered safe as a landmark episode, bringing back 'Dr.Who' where it belongs, as one of the BBC's flagship programs. The mistakes made by the McGann T.V. film were well learned. Instead of kicking the new 'Who' in the existing chronology, it was a new start to the series. Start with the shop girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) who goes over her daily routine. One day she went to the basement to get a man named Wilson, and then the trouble started. Mannequins come to life and attack her. It is only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) that she is saved. <br /> <br /> The story, though it may be, is more than adequate as a starting point for the series. The Autons are, of course, an old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but no reference to their previous appearances - another wise step. The final regularly reclaimed the famous scene in Spearhead From Space when the malls came to life. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors and preferred a modern leather jacket to the doctor's traditional dress, but made him more accessible to the show's new audience. Billie Piper shamed her critics by making a big impression as 'Rose'. Also good was Noel Clarke as her boyfriend 'Mickey'. <br /> <br /> Yes, there was more emphasis on special effects, but then there had to be - the wobble sets and unconvincing samples of the past have no place. on the 21st century television. More importantly, how good a script is. Ten million people agreed to see the new doctor. <br /> <br /> "Dr.Who" was back - and back with a bang!
