As an essential part of British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, a 26-year-old doctor (1963-1989), it is one of the longest-running television shows in the world. ten seasons). The plans to reload the series were always on the BBC's agenda. After a faulty (not to mention) TV movie produced by Fox, the magic of the original version could be captured for nine more years (Comic Relief spoof and animated mini series) was needed before the ultimate time Lord could properly return, with praise from well-known writer Russell T. Davies. <br /> <br /> Davies' brilliance to re-set the character lies in his decision to do so through the eyes of an outsider: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London girl who very normal life to one night, is attacked by creatures made up of live plastic. She is rescued by an elusive stranger who introduces himself as the Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after asking, "Nice to meet you, Rose. Walk for your life!". As she becomes more and more curious about this "man", she quickly finds herself in a whole new world: strangers, invasions, traveling through space and time, and of course the ubiquitous police-shaped TARDIS. <br /> <The first 45 minutes of the new doctor who is almost perfect (the special effects could have used a little more polish) because Davies left two things: the show's unique humor and the two main players. The original range's most impressive feature was the blend of spectacular sci-fi and pure British comedy, a hybrid that's hard, if not impossible, to perform. Here, the sounds are all linked to the conversations between Rose and the Doctor, who after one episode come across as complete characters. Okay, so technically Eccleston's doctor is the ninth to use that name, but he distances himself from the previous eight incarnations by speaking with a northern accent (the one he uses daily) and justifies it with a tremendous line: "Many of the planets have a north!". <br /> <br /> However, the real triumph of this episode is Piper's performance. In theory, Rose is in her late teens, so almost the same age as thousands of young viewers who have never heard from the doctor. Her depiction of an ordinary girl lost in a new, exciting universe, represents the new generation's response to the return of a TV icon and the chemistry that immediately forms between her and Eccleston is a sign that the new doctor show. Who is as good as the old one. <br /> <br /> First, fifth, ninth, it doesn't matter: there may have been others before Eccleston (and Piper, for the case), but together, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest Of the bunch are a single character, one so cool, he doesn't even need a name: he's the doctor.
