With the sun shining brilliantly on a quiet sun that almost wakes up, love can be felt in the gentle breeze floating on my feet and seen in the smiles of the people I walk along. It's the perfect day to stop for croissants and a cafe-o-lait before heading into the city of light and love. Of course, a flight to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of this humble film critic, so I had to opt for the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by a variety of international directors. Each piece is named after another Parisian environment and is a reflection on love. Careful not to glorify the most powerful and convincing of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in the many stages of his own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And truly, what better way to express the fleeting nature of love and how a moment can change your life than with a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The beautiful poetic quotation above was taken from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) is true to form, uses time-lapse photography and repetition to demonstrate the whole cycle of love, from the beginning to the dissolution. Originally shot in 2004 and placed for this anthology, Faubourg stars Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for a role in a movie, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man she falls in love with. Here, the blind lead the blind through the unstable terrain where two people consume each other to a point where their lives almost lose their own existence. As love seems to go from shiny to dizzy, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks it can play on our minds and the illusions it can create when we doubt it. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most giddily romantic offering comes from Sylvain Chomet's Tour Eiffel. Choosing the city's most recognizable attraction for his title, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE), gives us a little boy who tells how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime (Paul Putner), finds himself in one surreal scenario after another and eventually falls into prison. Here he meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become something of a dying art, if not already dead. But by nature it is dreamy and unreliable. Miming shows his silent finger on the ludicrousness of human behavior and what love can make people act more absurdly? We may be able to find someone special in the least likely circumstances if we can take a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow alive by not always focusing on love among lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on the love between a parent and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) lovingly sung Catalina Sandino Moreno with her child before leaving him to sing the same song with a longing for the child she was watching for her life. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) urged Juliette Binoche to overcome the emptiness she felt after losing her son. Binoche says very little, not surprisingly for her great talent, her struggle is clear in her face, because she learns that love sometimes means you are releasing. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN OF PEOPLE) weighs in with a continuous shot of a father (Nick Nolte) and his grown-up daughter (Sara Martins) walking along for what has to be the first time in a long time. We only see them from across the street and we just get close to them, because the distance between the two characters narrows to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short to the screen is Alexander Payne's 14th arrondissement. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) pays an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and for less time than she would have wanted, as she has dogs with her in the house. She is an ordinary person with an unrelenting life who finds herself in a rich and affluent city. In beautifully rendered Americanized French, she boasts about the sights and how it feels, she feels. This woman spends so much time being happy despite the many disappointments of life, and if she is in a city for lovers, she realizes she is happy and loves herself more than she knew. She falls in love, even for a moment, with life and love. <br /> <br /> The characters that appear in Paris, but briefly, find YOU T'AIME themselves in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, whether it helps someone to fall into a hard fall or reach out to another person without touching them or without their knowledge, are the moments that love gives his flare and thrive. Outside the city of lovers, it can be easy to miss moments like this, but we need to remind ourselves of their meaning. It takes a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if one city can be so full of love, one must believe that it can come one day to your door.
