Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful film-like tribute to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it almost gives a summary and overview. Ask a large group of people their impressions of life in Paris and the result will be something about this movie. This film is linked by all sectors of the city or district. The film explores love in all forms, indigenous peoples in their Parisian fashion and tourists interacting with the big city. About twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of screenplay include Olivier Assayas, Coen brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa, and Gus Van Sant among others less well known. The stories range from hilarious, humorous to touch, to tragic, to banal, present. <br /> <br /> In one story, a young French (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), throwing his heart out in French to a boy who speaks only English. In another, a divorced man and woman (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to complete divorce proceedings while another couple in Pere Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) marry without a connection to the spirit of delegate Oscar Wilde. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries confronts superstition in a subway with his bag of tourist collections. In Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with Master Leonor Watling), he is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she trusts she has terminal leukemia. Juliette Binouche confronts her anxiety about her son's fantasies and loss in Victoires Square with the help of mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier, displaying a funny story of wrong ideas in the Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins a strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young blind man to actress Natalie Portman to learn how to see Faubourg Saint-Denis, vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier la Madeleine. Maggie Gyllenhaal is a former patriotic actress who has put drugs in Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a visiting tourist postman who desperately tries to speak of the French she has studied for her life in a hilarious 14th arrondissement . <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the movie are trying to tie as many of the stories together, but it only works on superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can be heard by the audience due to lack of time to assimilate all the action. But it is, in the end, a richly detailed tribute to a big city and offers the viewer many vignettes to visit again like a scrapbook from Paris. This is a movie that is seen more than once! Grady Harp
