I took my 19-year-old daughter with me to see this interesting movie exercise. I always find it interesting to find views and opinions of another generation on movies, especially as I am such a cynic myself. It is good to get an unpleasant opinion from someone who has not yet reached the "there," approach to every movie she sees. I am happy to say that we both really enjoyed it and saw it as a successful mother / daughter evening. Far, far better than seeing a brain spot "chick flick", which I am collecting is what we are supposed to enjoy, according to demographics? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were asked to produce a short piece about each of the arrondissements of Paris, a city I didn't visit in 20 years. But I wish I had. They are loosely connected by joining shots and represent different approaches to love in the city that are regarded in popular culture as the distinctive romantic capital of the world. Some of the films work better than others, but as other reviewers have said, it never falls too far in kitsch. Some are funny, some are sad, some are intriguing and some are just mysterious. (I'm still trying a deep inner truth to the "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon" cupboard salon.) Some are just nice and may not be. Committed too much meaning (for example, the vampire and the tourist.) Perhaps my only criticism of the whole film is that it makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet, foggy, indifferent and miserable, or in the hot summer and packed so many tourists that you feel like a sardine in a tin that can stand for hours to see any attraction. But I'm not picking. <br /> <br /> My personal favorite was by far the Coen brothers movie shot at the Tuileries subway and entered Steve Buscemi as a confused tour. He accidentally found himself trapped in a love pole. Absolutely perfect, and very, very funny, without Buscemi having to say a word. I also enjoyed the piece about the two mime artists. It was probably the closest thing the movie had cut - it certainly pulled on the edge of the kitsch, but it just remained on the right. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer, who got an insight into meeting with Oscar Wilde's tomb, left me quite indifferent. Juliette Binoche tries to handle the death of her little son, made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought both the Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent piece and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell slightly, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (she cut the market in junkies? I watched Sherry Baby last week.) <br /> <br /> But I felt the two "social justice" pieces (for a better way to put it), worked very well. By that I mean first of all the film about the young mother who leaves her own child in a daycare to care for someone else's baby across the village. And then the movie about the African immigrant, struggling to exist on the brink of an indifferent society, stabbing and dying in the street in front of a young, new paramedic. Another murder statistic, in a world in which thousands of migrants die in the battle to achieve what they see as a better life, every year. I thought both pieces were observed very well. <br /> <br /> The final film, 14th arrondissement, in which Margo Martindale plays a Colorado postal worker, tells the story of her first trip to Paris ?? in very accentuated French? after her French school night school, moved me. A perfect ending, to a good, intrigue if it's not really big, movie. <br /> <br /> Paris your t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works pretty well.
