... for Paris is a moving festival. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many great talents Paris has embroidered in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but memorable quotes, and yes, celebrated film director Max Ophüls said about Paris . <br /> <br /> "It offered the shiny wet boulevards under the street lights, breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in your glass, coffee and lukewarm brioche, gigolos and prostitutes at night. Everyone in the world has two father states: its own and Paris. "<br /> <br /> Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Your T'Aime, which is "Petite romances", is a collection of short films, often sketches of 18 talented directors from across the globe. In the world, we become familiar with one of the City of Light 20 arrondissements and with the Paris of all ages, generations, colors and backgrounds all in love in its many variations and stages, in some of the "petite romances" are we witnesses to the unexpected encounters of strangers leading to immediate interest, closeness and perhaps relationships: such as Podalydès and Florence Muller in the street of Montmartre in the opening film or Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and " A Muslim girl whose cross-cultural romance is aimed at Gurinder Chadha, starts at Quais de Seine, in this category I will include Gus Van Sant's humorous short film. "Le Marais" one boy po Give his heart to another boy who b of sudden unexpected proximity, ask permission to call - never realize that the object of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some of the vignettes are attractive and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (incredible Oscar nominated debut for Maria full of Grace) is single-work-class mother who, as a nanny, needs to work in a rich environment to pay for daycare where she falls . her baby every morning before going to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-star as two young people for whom love could have happened. There were its promises, but it was cut short because of hatred and intolerance everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another one that really got me was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, with Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto fell in love with his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with the beautiful mistress, the devastating news of his wife's doctor comes ... <br /> <br /> I can continue with all 18 small jewels. I love them a lot. The other feels poor and may soon be forgotten, but overall I am delighted that I bought the DVD and I know that I will return to my favorite movies again and again. They are the "Place des Fêtes" I already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise" director of Wes Craven who includes the ghost of one of the wittiest and smartest men ever, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of Sideways) who will save a troubled relationship? Payne also set out "14th arrondissement" in which a lone middle-aged after-worker from Denver, CO explores the city on its own, providing the voice in French with the heavy accent. Payne's entry is one of the most moving and with hilarious "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. Both shorts put American tourists on the banks (Margo in the park, and Steve in Paris Metro after visiting Louvers) taking into account the life around them with the different results. While Margo can say, "My feeling is sad and light, my sadness is bright ..." Steve's character will find out that sometimes even the most comprehensive and useful tourist guide will not help a tourist get the wrong things in a foreign country to avoid. .
