I saw it only tonight at a digital projection seminar (shot at 35mm, and the first feature film was fully scanned in 6k in 4k, and projected with 2k projector at ETC / USC theater in Hwd). 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) were given every 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi .. completely hilarious ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands .. as well .. and she has the piece she was in, Msr Depardieu and also very good international actors.The stories range from everyday novels to exciting comedy to Alex Payne's touch of a woman who has discovered herself to Van Sant and one of those things happening everywhere, maybe? not to speak French in most rows (with English subtitles) and a small amount of real English spoken, but it will probably adjust it to art houses (a la diva.) Also only one piece that looks like "experimental" can be, but colorful And funny too, the rest, simple studies of sometimes complex relationships, everything easy to follow (unless the "experimental" one irritates your desire for a formula story. Several have gained my emotions ... I admit that I am affected by love in cinema .. When presented in something other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a mime piece, like no one else I saw (thanks for that!) The movie reached its peak, for me, somewhere around a little more than halfway through, then the last two rows came again picked up. A few beautiful shots of Paris in the evening, lazy romantic type of music, usually had a good effect, not just schmaltz for "emotions" in sound, generally good cinematography, although some shots were soft focus if not could have meant (main character in shot / scene). Stress from each movie was good, and overall structure, though a bit long (they excluded two of the 20 movies, but said that everyone on the DVD would be) seemed to be different from the colors of the movies. maintain a good balance. Not sure when it comes out, but a good study of how to make a 5 min film work. And sometimes, that doesn't work (if it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short movie.) Must be in one when released, but they didn't know when.
