A few days ago, I watched this movie in a small independent theater in Paris. It was my last night in the French capital and the best goodbye I could have chosen. With these twenty episodes, I relived the impressions I gained in Paris in a heart-warming way without drifting into kitsch or sentimental schmaltz. Every episode is full of surprise, strong emotions and suggestive pictures and every short film is directed according to the rules of a good short story. For me, this kind of movie requires more talent and attributes from a director and a storyboard writer than any epic two-hour drama and everyone has managed to achieve their task perfectly! The stories have been carefully selected for their corresponding arrondissement and perfectly express the respective flair. Each episode is seen from a different one, has a different subject, a different style and still the twenty stories lead to a harmonious band of movies. The most outstanding advantage of the concept of an episode movie is, in my opinion, based on the fact that you can convert between a great variety of feelings and moods without the danger of overloading, just the other way around: the blend of sadness, melancholy, pure joy, Despair, anger, anxiety, curiosity or passion give this movie a unique freshness and harmony. And not to forget the whole subject of love! Love between the characters, love between the characters and Paris and the love of the directors and actors / actresses for this project. I don't want to go into the details of the episodes, as there are so many, but I must emphasize the variety of world-renowned actors and actresses from around the world and their approach to this project. Some have played with their image, some have completely broken it, and some have interpreted the stereotypes associated with their own country or the roles they played before. Intertextuality has therefore been given by the film. All in all, I can highly recommend this great collage and will look forward to its release on DVD.
