Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I enjoy the movies that were usually missed, "Quintet", if it was just my pleasure to see an adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as the little girl in "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH" because he had Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye", for the wonderful and surreal world, Shelley Duvall's Olive Oyl and the wonderful Malta places; "O.C. & Stiggs", for the suggestion of an anti-adolescent flick; "Beyond Therapy", for all its lunacy and for the presence of Geneva Page, for all her efforts to look Parisian chic, has been taken for a transvestite ... I even enjoyed his one-handed TV movies, like "The Dumb Waiter "and" The Laundromat ". If there is not much in his films, you have wonderful performances, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I see and enjoy the different approach and description he makes of the different cultures of the United States. It is a pity that his genius is rarely appreciated and that he is always forgotten when the time for American prizes and awards is issued. He is not your typical main provider of fantasies. He's more of a maverick. So it is not surprising that I find so many bad comments on "The Gingerbread Man", his most "mainstream" effort to date and to my knowledge. I didn't know there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin, who didn't like Altman at all. In this case, one can hold the "The Gingerbread Man", but for me the reason is more with Grisham than with the director-writer. Some of Altman's brands are here: improvised dialogue, good performances, a funny attorney's office with a typical irreverent receptionist and secretary. While some people find it boring, I got the first scene, also thanks for the great filmmaking of Changwei Gu, the man who shot "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine". He has a way to show us the same things we see in other American films, but under a different light. Through his "foreigner's look" it almost looks everything new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get older. You may be in trouble if you fall under the spell of someone younger and more beautiful than Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I have done, fascinated by someone younger than me! Then you have Robert Duvall's apostate, threatening and mysterious character, while the Geraldo storm threatens Savannah. The second act gets a little silly and even funny, because Altman can do it with a smile. In many cases I remember aloud with his ironic remarks. I think he applied a bit of Brecht, we distanced, we prepared for the third act, which is simply Hollywood pastiche. Altman does this with expertise. To be a wise man and an intelligent director, fortunately, he did not fall into the fall of today's action movie. He sent a story of lust, greed and death. I was not disappointed with the movie. If I give it nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader has turned him into a best-selling author. So why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for showing us the seams in his stories, the boredom, the flatness and the sotiness of them all. However, he does so with so much gusto and humor that I can't but disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people saw another movie ... And vice versa.
