Robert Altman should not make such a movie, but the fact that he did - and it seems to be a pretty good and tight-knit stuff in the paperback tradition of Grisham thrillers - shows a versatility that is laudable. In the Gingerbread man, he must actually work with something that unfortunately is not always very successful, or at least it is not the first thing on his checklist as a director: plot. There is one of those big, juicy, almost pot-boiler plots where a bad attorney is caught up with a desperate low-class woman and then a deadly figure related to the woman enters their life in the most astounding ways. , twist and intrigue, yada yada. And it's amazing that Altman really wants to take one of these things: "I saw what comes from there!" ends, or just a semi-conventional thriller. <br /> <br /> But it is a surprise to be reimbursed, as Altman can capture the very good behavior overnight, or inadvertently cherish it from a very well-thrown ensemble, from a small Georgian village. The film drops with an atmosphere (if not overall sophisticated workmanship, it is sometimes good and sometimes just decent for Altman), because Savannah may be hit by a big hurricane and the swamp and swamps and rain keep things soft and humid and humid . So is the atmosphere very powerful, but also performances by (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the 'wife' where lawyer Branaugh gets involved, and Robert Downey Jr (when is he not good?) As the private detective in Branaugh s service. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, who made such an indelible impression in just five minutes of time that he would hang the bad guys from the picture? <br /> <br /> As mentioned, some of the plots are slightly poor, or just a kind of standard (attorney is divorced, bitter conservation cars, innocent and goofy kids), but I think Altman has seen something fascinating at the same time. material, something darker than some of the other Grisham works that somehow stand out. If it's not quite masterful, it still works on its limited terms as a what-will-happening next mystery-southern noir.
