Steven Spielberg wanted to win such an Oscar so much he figured he wouldn't win by targeting a special effect episode. He was named for three of them: "Opportunities of the Third", "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "ET: The Extra-Terrestrial". That's why he decided to become serious by directing "The Color Purple", a period movie without special effects. Spielberg's first serious drama is a remarkable film. But the academy voters who voted in 1985 still gave no respect to Spielberg. "The Color Purple received 11 Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unjustifiably annoyed when he was not nominated for the best director. It got worse on Oscar night when this film did not win. An Oscar "It wasn't right." The Color Purple "had to win some Oscars, including one for Whoopi Goldberg's spectacular film command, Celie, a woman who is in the hands of an abused man (terribly placed by Danny Glover ), then get sung throughout the movie, thanks to some special friends, Oprah Winfrey also made her debut here and gives a good performance as Sofia, one of those Celie's friends, since I left Chicago, I got Winfrey already announced her talk show (which was not countrywide at the time of the release of these films). Like Goldberg, a film debut! Margaret Avery is great as Shug Avery, another friend who also Celie's mistress being a rotten man, all three actresses have good value and earned Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). In the south in the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" is a movie so strong that it makes me cry at the end. It sometimes made me laugh. Why Academy voters were so difficult not to nominate Spielberg for Best Director is a mystery that is still mysterious to me today. However, two years later, Spielberg will win two Oscars for "Schindler's List" and "Private Private Ryan", making him one of the best film directors of all time. But he had to get this movie. The work he did on special effects blockbusters like "E.T." to a serious drama like "The Color Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
