In Joel Schumacher you have one of the most conflicting filmmakers of all time. But this is common knowledge; I think his biggest problem is the variety of genres he covers while at the same time failing to develop any kind of style that can nominate him. Hitchcock likes his excitement and his horror / thriller; Chaplin loves his comedy; Scorsese likes his crime-driven mafia stories, among others and likes Spielberg's large-scale, big budget adventure films that combine just enough violence for the adults and fun for the kids. Other more obscure examples include Kubrick and Welles, who covered too much about this. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the kind of guy who makes a flawless movie to turn a good idea or a great movie. a seemingly boring premise. Falling Down had a good idea for that, but I found it flawed and anticlimactic with too many scenes apparently relying on comedy. Batman is a superhero; superhero movies have been big hits recently, so how did he manage to make one, but two scary superhero movies are over me. Then comes 8MM; a movie with a basic premise that is impressive for Tigerland, which is Schumacher's best film of what I've seen so far. With the war genre, laughter is not something you will associate most of the time. I can recall the absurdity of the D-Day landings during the saving of Private Ryan: when I first saw, I didn't have much knowledge of World War II when it started and finished. My eyebrows were up, my mouth slightly open with a weak 'I can't believe it smiles' on my face. Needless to say, it was because of that movie I was looking for to learn something more about the event and the war as a whole. In Tigerland you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war by Bozz (Farrell), a tough and selfish soldier training for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what's smart here is that there is no jaw falling scenes of fighting and death and destruction; just one man and his battle with the system for most of the time. The things he says and the audacity with which he manages his trouble reminds one of a schoolchild who suspends a series of teachers at an extremely strict school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a practice routine for the Vietnam War, but eco and supergood are more of a part here, I think. The super regenerator, which is the breasts, goes up against Bozz whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle that sneaks into Bozz: the ID. Compared to all the other soldiers who all have quite big egos, Bozz is the only one brave enough to show it to the sergeant. He suggests that he allows what he should not do to float and express on the surface. are all dead in this situation! "blow a sergeant." Any questions? "" Yes, if I'm dead, how do I get a question? "Answers Bozz whose punishments like gagging and dirty eating seem to be in the real ID style reveals; it is he enjoys the punishment. <br /> <br /> With regard to the supergos, Bozz tries at one point to command a group of soldiers in field training, which is the current captain of the team can't do that, suggesting that he is missing in both the work needed for the job and has the confidence to tell Bozz that he is in control. What follows is a real conversation between Bozz and a Existing Breast Cancer Giving Him His Christian Name This is where Private Wilson's character play goes: His uncontrollable rage and anger at Bozz explodes at a certain time, all apart in the film's only real scene of a shooting in the shape of a workout in a river, Wilson can't control his impulses and doesn't like Bozz and acts. <br /> <br /> Tigerland said it was shot so bravely. Although Tigerland is not lacking in innovation, Tigerland looks to use lower-grade or fewer cameras to get its eager look. Make no mistake that this could have been a nice movie with lots of color and appeal. But we get a documentary approach in the final piece so everything looks like it's shot on a typical everyday camera for TV; The emphasis was also obvious, but Schumacher was smart: he never made the film too much like a mockumentry, while the film's budget could be half of what it was at the same time. It is worth saying here that Spielberg said he wanted to save Ryan privately to look like real line art or something along those lines and as if it had been recorded from the war styles. <br /> <br /> While being very funny and entertaining, Tigerland is still a good study of what makes people mark; not necessarily in war, but in the closest possible substitute. His study of one man and how much he hates the system that he can't even take seriously is fascinating, just as every soldier's drive. There are several unforgettable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy, if not unlucky, end that will open your mind and make you think about what it might really hold in the army.
