Will and Ted's lively journey is an existential journey through themes of death, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's pursuit of fame and his fears that the body is being overcome by a psychological machine. This is the most intelligent work of fiction since Paradise Lost, referring to great works of art-Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the dudes are a well-known rock band that have time-gathered icons from past Napolean, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They had the skills they learned from each of these people kidnapped a few Princess and eventually learned to play their guitars and write hit songs. These songs teach the world to love again and overcome war, hunger, evil for eternity. We jump forward in the distant future where an evil dictator who despises good music, called Simon Cow-Al, wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie helping Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gets the power to return two cyborgs. The cyborgs are living tissue over metal exoskeleton and covered in mimetic polymer so they can survive the turbulence of time travel, and they can mimic anything they taste through physical contact. It's their job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take over their lives by making terrible music no one can keep. By doing so, they will change the world forever. Gryll and Jed's music will never be made to leave a world of war, famine and hatred, and more annoying, mere boy / girl group pop music. There is a surprising turn if the good guys are actually killed and they have to work out a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the evil Dopplebangers who overtake their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of both youth culture and the right culture by blending modern music and phrases with postmodern sets and artistic references and trying to teach us everything by sharing in our psyche to ourselves to show. She presents the nightmares that the late 80's teenager has faced in a society they have left and strives to analyze the poststructuralist jingoism, self-confidence and malaise of the time. To convince us that we can indeed change the world is an inspiring message, but to achieve such dreams we must face our nightmares. To overcome is to succeed, to defeat, death is the first step in real life and not just survive. In the words of Kenneth Reeves - "Wow!" Best scene: For a fun game - see how many songs, bands and albums cover references you can see throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
