Is it the first American movie to successfully accept the naturalistic style that Europeans, especially the French and Belgians, have for at least a decade, and isn't it timely? After three high school girls in the Crown Heights area of ​​Brooklyn during the last days of their summer break between first-year and sophomore years, it does what all good art belongs to: it uncovers the universal in the particular. Although the girls' intentions are out-of-conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothing - we see how their whole lives are formed, the universal interface between character and destiny. <br /> <br /> The naturalism is completely complete. Breathing the movie, staying in the moment, living in real time. The story tells itself. The medium and its artefacts, for once, are not the message. The film firmly gives the truth of the childhood perspective of its characters; It does not set its own mature meanings or moral values. Details come from their own, never printed, and thus seem increasingly real and powerful for their understatement. Although great pain was used to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, part of the largest black ghetto in New York City and one of the most dangerous violent sites in the US, the topic is childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto . self. <br /> <br /> Documentary footage of a mariner's training sessions, Jackie Robinson Steppers, punctuate the film at regular intervals with a blast of color, movement and sound. Otherwise, the camera remains very close, very intimate, a patient, smart and inconspicuous observer. The language is rich, spontaneous, the acting transparent. Some screens stand up, as the girls become jaws, each one revealing her deepest fantasies. Lanisha's confession of her acceptance of death by random violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest scars of the ghetto. Her relationship with her mother, her confusion and fear of the naughty challenges of adult life, is equally past and beautiful, unconditionally affirmative. <br /> <br /> Social realities are respected, not propagated: All three girls are single-minded. Mum, only one, Lanisha, has a father who is active in her life (and not by chance, of the three she is the most emotionally stable and empathetic of others, and the one with the most self-respect). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease that is disproportionate in the city center. Gunfire, an accepted daily incident, interrupted their conversations only briefly. Just one of the girls, Joy, feels hopeful, she has control over the future, while the other two have already been in varying degrees of despair. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best dramatic American movie I have seen in years. See it, see it, see it.
