I reflected back to the days when I held my boyfriend's hat to smell him alone in my time when I was 16. The moments of this movie are so accurate and in line with what goes on in the minds and hearts of young girls at teens age. At my age, I want to tell them about their decisions and how life in those times is not as important as it all seems in those moments. That if they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience the difficulties of life, both externally and internally, life will be so much sweeter. But then, young people today are once again confronted with some variables I have never had with a youth. <br /> <br /> The three main characters played by all three actors well (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us the very credible portrayal of a piece of reality for young girls who in impoverished situations. They have poor family lives that are all raised by single mothers with the expectation of Lanisha whose father is present but not actively supported. The impoverished education systems lack direct contact with role models. These situations have a powerful influence on them and are their reality, but it is not of great importance to these young women in their daily lives. They save their fate and focus on the same things that young girls around the world are worried about. To find true love in a man, to have good friends on whom you can rely, to gain respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. This is where this film about the race, age and gender gap is placed by its characters and the environment in which it is stamped. <br /> <br /> The director and writer McKay explains on the DVD how each one of his plays was taken into account by considering only young people of that age living in that type of neighborhood. In addition, you add three emerging actresses that are not so far from their own lives, that you get a real good synergy of reality and act best. The one thing I know (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a spiritual relative or neighbor who believes in foreground or near the ground in a better day and better life and future, despite the current situation and is a role. modeling that to some extent. It has never been in the movie not to preach and I understand it, but it also narrows the culture to have nothing but themselves. <br /> <br /> The HOPE FACTOR: I think of my future and where I come from and say if Lanisha has `Today a good day. "Yes, there is still poverty, racism, sexism and any other Islam that we can add. Yes, some of these young girls actions maintain the bequests and are self-destructive. Everything around them is impoverished, but NO of those actions passed or not present, or their environment leaves them without hope for a bright future. I was left with sad hopes on each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a role model in the life of a young girl on the brink of a destructive decision. I suppose it is the value of film that should not only entertain it, but let us think, reflect and then act positively to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
