"The day we are going to be in the rays of a beautiful sun. A day when the world is much brighter." - The 5 Stairsteps "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Movies about black teens usually involve inner city gangs who handle drugs or commit violence to a hip hop soundtrack. Movies about the everyday problems of ordinary domestic teenagers are hard to find, but there is an undiscovered jewel that I would recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn who learn that their high school will be closed for asbestos removal and should decide on their future direction, one that may involve separate ways. The story is told from the point of view of a 15-year-old, not an adult reminiscent of most of the old-fashioned films. Avoiding the compulsory street snake and excessive use of F-words delivers an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a crossroads in their lives. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their sophomore year at the local high school. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real march whose rehearsals for a Labor Day parade offer discipline and purpose for their lives. <br /> <br /> Similar to David Gordon Green's George Washington, but less stylized, the movie shows non-professional black and Latino actors with Kerry Washington as the statue. While the performances have amateurish moments, I became so involved in the story that I forgot that the girls were even acting. Maria, whose father is in prison, learned that she is pregnant by a local student, Terrell. She wants the baby, despite being only 15, and knows that Terrell probably doesn't help much. Joycelyn works in an on-scale dress store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very moving scene in her bedroom, she pretended to talk to her fans, and then lay in bed to recite one of her poems. She was near Lanisha and Maria at the beginning, but drifted off to make friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls get much support at home and Maria is too scared to even tell her mother about her baby. Yet, the single moms are not typical movie killings or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time is limited with their children due to the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but she is able to visit her father, a doorman in a luxury apartment building, and talk about music. Her mother comforts when Lanisha learns that a friend has committed suicide in the area, a somewhat melodramatic plot point in another realistic movie. As summer winds, the girls drift apart and each one decides on another course. However, there are no dramatic moments, but only the sad recognition of the inevitability of change. Although we don't have blinds on the frustrations they can wait, we identify with their hopes and dreams without staying on the negative. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about growing up in projects that refuse to see life in any other terms than possible.
