When you start watching this animation masterpiece, you soon see that it is a European production. Although Europeans (unfortunately) have integrated some of the clichés that you would normally find in a US production of this type, miss the most. One of these is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can conquer. Another is that one of the groups is just in the business for the money, is greedy, walks away when the heat is up, but somehow gives it better nature. This movie would have been better without both. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on a TV series that was released four years before the movie. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. Initially I thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced: Whoever did the animation knew his or her well! Although the characters are apparently fictitious (they do not actually look like silence), they seem to be alive and sentient as the audience pursues their quest. To create characters that can be considered "normal" standards as distorted (those microbes can never leave that giant body, let it jump), so lively and lovely is more than "just a highlight"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of its appearance, but because of its ingenuity. The world in which our heroes travel is not solid as our own, but is made from many pieces of land that vary in shape and size that floats in the middle of the air. When a person steps on a smaller piece of land, it nods a bit as if it is eating out of the weight. In some cases this is no longer applicable, but our heroes still get a foothold. Although the world of swaying islands is completely surrealistic, in this movie it is absolutely credible and after a short time it does not seem like a wanderer than running anywhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote it the look of the world is not as awesome as the idea. The truth of the world, the characters and the attention to detail is as true as it may be in my mind. Although the characters' faces have relatively few characteristics, emotions can be as clear as in Sean Connery's or Dustin Hoffman's face can be read. The world around the characters is wonderfully colorful and there are no two settings. The background is always going on, there is always something going on that makes the world even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you'll be surprised at how much detail you can find. <br /> <br /> The existence of Hector actually puts the cherry on top. Hector is a little small thing (possibly the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is absolutely loving and funny. Although not really important to the main plot, he will be missed as Scrat would be in the ice age. The very cool thing about Hector is that you need to understand Gibberish to understand him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so good, why didn't I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was pretty thin. Two hunters are sent out to save the world from a very bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, is not really original. This in itself will not be much of a problem. What I missed was the background information. What kind of dragon was it and why did it look like that? I love mythical stories, but if they get too thin, they seem to have been written after the movie is finished with a little effort to give the whole thing a little depth. <br /> <br /> Another thing I didn't like was Zoé. Although a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was a bit of a pain in this movie. She was fairly resistant to all forms of learning about reality, dreamed of a hero of a storybook and basically the other. She would have been good if she had developed a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or was less of a girly to start with. To me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to distort the story was a bit fought back on the authors. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a very good movie for almost all ages.
