My first impression would be, it's Beowulf with all the good bits to fight Grendel and the dragons, and from the start to the end it's one thrill. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, the two of them have created a fantastic landscape, which in turn becomes a character in their story, with its ever-changing environment consisting of small spheres of land swinging, which are either deserts or globes. of the green. <br /> <br /> The story is a simple one that tells of a country which, in the expectation of a mighty dragon's unwanted visit to plunder and destroy, and the inhabitants of the magistrate's court have destroyed everything. Enter King's granddaughter Zoe (Marie Drion), who collects Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a great brute with great power, but really a gentle giant, and his partner Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), who partnered with his cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with their pet breeding too much with beginner fires) share a common dream of owning a farmland and spending idyllic days tending to their farm animals after retirement, but to do so comes the requirement of financially free, so their career in monster extinction doesn't pay off exactly. <br /> <br /> It's basically the very core of it, but what makes this movie a spectacle is its CG graphics, which is sturdy. rich, detailed, and astonishing to see. It has some great craftsmanship that is effortlessly designed to get you into the thick of the action, and there is no boring moment in that battle sequence. Photo-realistic moments of non-existent landscapes set aside the fantasy of make-up relief and it's easy to be astonished by the scenery that goes beyond the ordinary three-sun and kaleidoscope of flying dingama jigs (here is George!) And I couldn't get enough of the final, though the usual bat bats will find fault with the indestructibility of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I think this movie has opened my eyes to many more computer-animated companies around the world who have quality in their product to suit Pixar's. And this is definitely a movie that the Zodiac's local filmmakers can learn from: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea? To keep the story simple, let your moving artwork do all the talking. Definitely highly recommended!
