Initially, I would have thought that the secret sunshine had something critical of religion (and here Christianity) and wondered if it would be something of a riot against the bad blind faith or the manipulative power of those so-called saint than you. Surprisingly, it was not that kind of thing and was largely non-judgmental, putting in place virtually any event and allowing the audience to make their own judgment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> And I can't help but visit the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who loves widow Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon) and starts going to church as she Do this. The reasons for church attendance are many, or I find inner peace, to seek help, to be afraid of eternal damnation in the fires of hell, to affirm faith or even to pursue things that want to marry in a church or dress ( I don't kid you). But every one of his own reasons to be in church every Sunday and participate in community prayer groups, which is indeed dangerous, is when the underlying motives are not satisfied, and that is when frustration comes. Or if you find out how hypocritical a man can be, portray one face in the house of God and display another one outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and her son Jun move to the village of Miryang, the birthplace of her late husband. To re-start her life, she opens a piano shop to teach, although she discovers her newly liberated freedom and in a moment's lack of judgment she has another tragedy. And it takes one hour to come. Secret Sunshine really took time to start at this point, where things became a little more interesting with Shin-ae who now embraces religion to handle and accept her present state, with the comfort that religion and fellow believers can offer. <br /> <br /> What began to cry out for sympathy is being accepted and convinced that religion offers the silver bullet to solve the wickedness of all mankind and sometimes you wonder whether it is because of your personal myopic view of what the almighty is doing for you, that you begin to adopt a somewhat selfish opinion that everything is going well, and in Shin-ae's case, her generous attitude to forgive others who have violated her, something much To be basic, to forget it can also cut the feeling both ways. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun of the lot, as it is a lot, where most of us can identify with - why I and why not someone else, as we rage against our faith and start interrogating, unfortunately, with no hard and fast answers available. It's either we fall along the road, or continue with destructive acts so rebellious. But in one way or another the plug in Secret Sunshine is carefully pulled so it cannot be insulted, and what an ugly character mouthpiece could have been muffled. <br /> <br /> Biting into the hype, this movie is generated, then maybe you will first realize that Jeong Dohon's excellent portrayal is worth mentioning, as she plays her role as the widow Shin-ae totally owned which is probably the most unpleasant person on earth to do with those tragedies over the short term, and if you look carefully, most of which are her own. Looking at her transformation is worth the ticket price, and despite the fact that I have my personal favorite Korean actor Song Kang-ho in the movie, it's just something he has just put through.
