The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, such as Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a young boy whose husband died in a tragic accident and who left Seoul to live in Miryang, which was his hometown with her young son. . Jeon's face is very variable. She is fiery, flirtatious, elegant, elderly and sad, desperate and joyful, with it and terribly isolated by turns, and that's all in her face. The movie also dies Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who meets her when her car comes together, arrives in Miryang, which runs a garage in the village and which follows her all the time, despite her apparent lack of interest in his attention. Song is the biggest star in Korea, now known for its work with Park Chan wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Revenge, Memories of Murder and Host). And yet he plays a discarded character, almost a forgotten man. But of course he makes him interesting and remarkably attractive. He is the essential ballast to keep Jeon's character away from drifting. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She comes to the new town, which is a neutral place, a kind of poor man's Seoul, a town "like any other place," as Kim says (just as he is in some way). Her little boy is punishable, like little boys, but also temporarily damaged and withdrawn. His father died, and when he missed him, he lay awake and pretended to snore. He goes to school, and Shin-ae meets parents and students and shopkeepers. There is a sense of place in the film, even though the place is in a certain place "everywhere". People speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and Shin-ae's Seoul origin is immediately noticed. Is life much harder here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae doesn't seem to realize the danger she is. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae doesn't necessarily do it in the best possible way. But this happens and she has to face the consequences. But she can't. She's broken. A perpetrator is caught, but it is not comforting. Eventually she becomes so desperate, she remembers and goes to a born again Christian assembly. A fame tried to attend her urgently. She finds peace and dissolves with it. But when she decides not only to forgive the offender, but to tell him in jail, the experience is ironic and it destroys her again. She becomes bitter and desperate and no longer finds comfort in religion. And it gets worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives her all in this highly demanding and protean role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If an actor of Song Kang-ho's stature expresses great admiration for him, it is convincing. According to Scott Week of LA Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) identified him as "one of the leading figures of his country's recent cinematic renaissance." But it's not as successful a movie as that of other Korean directors whose work I saw, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the extremely perverted gifted Chan wook. It can indeed begin as Foundas says as a kind of "Asian Alice does not live here," and then "suddenly and without warning" turns into "something of a thrill, and a few times afterwards an almost Bressonian study in human suffering. "But it is not only haphazard and insatiable; the film sank and lost its momentum to the end and then simply fizzles, without the feeling of an end. There are also weak points in the action. Shin-ae takes foolish chances with her son and makes bad choices for a long time. If she's meant for madness like Betty in Jean-Jacques Beineix's Betty Blue, who can explain her peculiar and wrong choices, it's not something well-developed. It's an interesting movie, definitely a disturbing one, but one that remains unclear and unhappy after one's emotional winger has set. <br /> <br /> An official choice of the New York Film Festival offered at Lincoln Center, 2007 ?? An event that has been done right by Korean filmmakers in the recent past.
