Corean theater can be quite surprising for a preliminary audience, due to the multitude of colors and genres you can find in the same movie. In a Coreen drama like this "secret sunshine" you will also find comic parts, thriller scenes and romantic times. "There is not only a tragedy in life, there is also tragic comedy," says one point in the movie, the character interpreted by Song Kang-ho, which summarizes the mix of the picture. But don't get me wrong, this heterogeneity of the genres that the movie deals with, adds truth to the experience this rich film offers its spectators. This does not mean that it lacks unity. On the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and profound portrait of a woman in pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, who is looking for a quiet life with her son in the hometown of her late husband, really gives unity in this movie, through all the different faces of suffering she's going to. . This is realistic part erased by the psychological descriptions of all the phases the poor mother goes through. Denial, Lostness, Rage, Faith, Confession: The movie falls all the steps that cross the character and looks like a psychological catalog of all the suffering phases a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what looks like a conceptual experience (the woman carries the mask of the tragedy, the man represents the comic interludes) and to make the artwork of the movie touch. I have to say that some parts of the movie really moved me (especially in the beginning), especially those related to the impropriety of Chang Joan to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering emotionally leads me to the end was relaxed. However, some cinematographic ideas are really breathtaking and surprising (for example, the scene where a body is discovered in a big shot is incredible). These types of scenes make "Secret Sunshine" the melo equivalent of "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of Murder" for thrillers. These movies are indeed surprising, most original, aesthetically unbelievable, and succeed in giving another dimension to the genres they deal with. The only thing "Secret Sunshine" forgets, like "The host" forgets to be scary, is to make his audience cry: bad point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
