Secret Sunshine indicates the return of director Lee Changdong to the film-making world after a perennial absence. After three critically-acclaimed films already under his belt, he now recruits veteran Thespian Jeon Doyeon and her substantial (Cannes-winning) talents for Lee Shinae's primary role. What follows is a journey through one woman's tragedy and an exploration of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that becomes clear when you look at Secret Sunshine is that it doesn't really care to follow a specific genre, but rather pick up genre features when needed trying to convey it. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as she moves with her son to the city of Milyang (whose Sino-Corean translates to Secret Sunshine). She moved to Milyang in the wake of her husband's death because it was his hometown, so the movie was born of the tragedy. And you think things can only get better if she opens a piano shop and meets some of a bumbling-friendly mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But it's not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> As we (and Jongchan, doggedly) follow Shinae as she meets Milyang and the fate it holds for her, the cracks in her weapon become quickly visible. . She is a troubled woman trying to grasp on her own power to overcome tragedy and watch us because she finds it not enough. Secret Sunshine still controls a mostly Aristotelian dramatic bow, but retreats to the catharsis, which may confuse some viewers, especially the end, but the Romanist symbolism in the name of Milyang, the talks of sunshine and the images in the film left me very happy, and I only started thinking about the movie. <br /> <br /> Mrs. Jeon is very impressive, especially if the role of the role is less well played, it quickly became a painful melodrama, but she takes the nuances of Shinae's efforts to deal with her low-subtle losses. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but he does adequately and gives me the opportunity. Jeon. Technically, the film is well done in classical sense. No flashy aesthetics are employed here - the director clearly tries to tell the story. I think my only real complaint, and one that may not be rectified, is that despite all the time we spend with Shinae, there is a little distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least I). I think some of these come from the nature of the work, because if total empathy is printed, we will not be able to see the problems that Shinae can objectively see. On the other hand, I never felt with Shinae's fate, despite her many tears and increasingly volatile behavior. <br /> <br /> Likewise, the movie is quite impressive, especially as it stimulated me to think about it, the further meanings it has and its rumors about tragedy, coping, self-deception, isolation and belief locked me up after the credits were finished. Driven by a strong head performance, I honestly didn't see his 2.25-hour time. And it says something. Well done. 8/10.
