Secret Sunshine (2007) is known for its awards at the 2007 Cannes Festival and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the new widow Shin-ae, won the 60th Cannes Festival the best actress trophy. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film and Jeon-Do Yeon received a best actress cut from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this movie has won the best film awards in virtually all Korean film festivals. Masterfully written and directed, and uniquely photographed, Secret Sunshine has expressed the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful due to constant tragedy. This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, director and author of this movie, said in an interview: "In a big sense, I want to express love and this movie can be a melodrama. Without love we can't talk about hope and salvation. "Lee acknowledged that Secret Sunshine had no apparent genre. This movie is not a film about religion, but it has attracted the attention of many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the movie. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shinha's son, is kidnapped and murdered. The kidnapper asks for money because he assumes she must be rich because she can buy land. Her lie is very sad. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a churchgoer and wants to forgive the murderer. She decides to visit her son's killer in prison and forgive him. Young-chan, Shin-ae's old friend, says, "Just forgive in your heart. Do you have to go to jail?" Her denominations encourage her and say they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do. It's a sad moment because it's too early to be able to do an action. The result of the encounter with the murderer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The killer says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven by God. These sparks hurt her in God. She says, "How can you forgive the man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> She is starting to fight against God. She looked at the air and said, "I will not lose you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a fall, and her hands are chains. It is more bitter than death. She gets more beautiful and crazy, and is sent to a mental hospital. On the day Shin-ae is discharged from hospital, she goes to a beauty house and sees a familiar face. The daughter of her son's killer works in the shop and cuts her hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap Shin-ae's son. While she is cutting Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist can't understand what's going on and get out of the shop. <br /> <br /> It's not hard to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan does his best to be at Shin-ae's side. Although Shin-ae does not care for him, he is always next to her. Shin-ae leaves the church fast, but Jong-chan, who started at the church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels peace with God. Secretary Sunshine director Lee Chang-dong says Jong-chan is like Milyang (secret sunshine), rural town or vice versa. He seems to be "too secular and clumsy, but he's always two steps behind her and takes care of her. Milyang is like him." Mr Lee adds: "Someone is joking that Jong-chan can be an angel. I think he can be the angel." Who knows, we can't say there is no angel. "If there is a person like Jong-chan who always endures his loved ones' twists, we can defend ourselves against the victor. The life of Shin-ae is full of meaninglessness. boy was cruelly murdered by a murderer after moving to her husband's hometown, and her soul was damaged because she had misdirected Christianity and it made her crazy, literally, too easy to say that filled her life with meaninglessness, she still has hope in her life, can find her meaning in her life? The final scene gives us hope. That it is difficult to do it yourself, and we know we can't do it all ourselves. We see Jong-chan holding the mirror to her as she cuts her hair. he is willing to help her in whatever situation she is, as I had previously asked m, Jong-chan is like an angel to her. If we feel that an angel is always behind and behind us, we can find joy in life, even though we face adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversation in Korea. It's like Da Vinci code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us to discuss early church history, Secret Sunshine asks us to handle life's messiness and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a level interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this movie will help us to see below the surface. Some say they stopped visiting ecclesiastical worship after watching Secret Sunshine. Lee Chang-dong responds by saying: "They were already anti-Christ before watching this movie. Secret Sunshine is a woman's life story and we can interpret our life through Shin-ae's life.
