Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine" is the most emotionally devastating experience of the year. It is an immediately disillusioned, cruel, honest character piece about the reverberations of loss and a graceful memento mori that resonates with a conspicuous density of thought, but remains as impractical as the emotions it perceives. Through his layered naturalism and stunningly cunning view of small town dynamics, Lee implicitly analyzes the traditional Korean melodrama by dividing the excess of the excess and ripping it to form the arches that form its characters and the proceedings in a crushing mass of stoic realism. reason. <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" remains a very compelling, fluid work during its 142 minutes. The first hour of the bravura is filled with subtextual insinuations, remarkable shadowing and decent reversal of tone caused by humanistic volatility. Adapted from a short story, Lee infiltrates the film with its sensitivity to the sublime paradoxes of life, which was last seen in its exaggerated, comical and irreverent "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolutions are forged when changing views of our universe, Lee not only sees the emotional disaster of a widow's sadness by an investigative scale, but also the turbulent existential currents that support the film when religion is a story scapegoat to understand the atrocity. of human experience. Do-yeon Jeon's ("You Are My Sunshine") Best Actress Award in Cannes in 2007 is well-deserved. Her performance as the widow Shin-ae remains an inexorable riddle. If a character is pulled apart by forces beyond her control, the sheer magnitude of this display is central to the film's turbulent nature. With Jeon setting up a cyclonic revolution after another, there is a turbulent sense of collapse that never approaches the film to its credit. Instead, it finds a delicate balance of charged theatricality and subsequent banality of ordinary tragedies and its falling juice. She becomes the centerpiece of the film's universe as well as ours. Filmed in a glamorous handheld CinemaScope, the movie is separated from frames and compositions by visual acuity, just as it is tremendously frightening when the camera never refuses to look at Shin-ae through times of happiness, guilt and repentance. <Br /> <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the small, suspicious town of Miryang? the uneasiness of common situations, his awkward silence and the devastation of personal dramas. Shin-ae's interactions with the townspeople rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are merely designated for the sake of her son, Jun (Seon Jung-Yeop). The one recurring acquaintance is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a baby mechanic of uncertain intentions that helps her put Miryang in the film's enchanting open sequence, to a fascinating stream of sunlight. Song has established itself as a comic anti-hero in South Korea's biggest films, but its nuanced, low-key delivery suggests that the director's thought process should never be more than necessary. <br /> <br /> If pain is ephemeral, sadness can never really disappear. And Lee finds complexity in subsistence. When Shin-ae tries to divert the path of reconciliation just to come up with unthinkable sadness, she uses the community of evangelical Christianity as a foil for her sadness. But Lee knows better than that when he understands that religion, in the context of the human canvas of strife and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never rebukes the essence of religion because he realizes the value of salvation for some through higher power, even if it is a form of denial in others. The scenes in the last half that deal with religion do not allow him to be aggressively ridiculed. It's a feat in itself considering how many filmmakers take the momentum of the material from what they need to say it's true to his story and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since his call to office as his country's minister of culture and tourism is an uncompromising treatise on human suffering. In a film so artless and sincere, it is clear that nothing is as simple as emotional catharsis, just the repression and reduction of anxiety. "Secret Sunshine" leaves us with mercy from the evasion, and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
