I am not going to write this review, but after reading the default review that appears on the movie's URL, I had to write a refutation. The movie in a word is superlative. It does not deserve the slanderous review the author wrote. I think the author missed the point of the movie to a great extent. In fact, I was also turned off by the excessive display of Evangelistic dedications that heavily occupied the center of the film. However, I must disagree with the judge that the movie is not, in the end, a propaganda piece for evangelistic action. I think what the director showed is that religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is largely unable to respond to basic, simple questions one may ask and What religion offers is sometimes just banal platitudes of some kind. It does not show a value judgment on religion, as we must remember that religion is conveyed and expressed by ordinary, mostly good meaning, basically good people, and they usually have no monopoly on truth and thus religion cannot ultimately be the ultimate give answers. on some questions in life. Ultimately, it is a matter of faith. You have to believe it and that's all. And if you are given faith, then you can appreciate any show of faith. And if you are not given faith, then any show of faith is annoying. So it is also instructive to watch the movie review reaction at the same time. In any case, the director shows us that one cannot choose to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions and despite the fact that life is in progress and there is "secret sunshine" in this world that has all the wounded souls, regardless of their religious orientation. And it's just the core message of the movie! Please note the last scene of the movie, if you can't find it! Eventually, the movie is a good one and many thoughts and confronts you - the viewer with questions you have to answer yourself. It is therefore an artwork that is personally challenging to you. I agree with the reviewer that the Evangelical things were a little too much. But given the above interpretation of religion as shown in the movie, do I think the director tried to balance the act by which he could not be called an evangelist? Basher! Actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. He is so balanced and just perfect that he is just amazing. He is without a doubt my favorite Korean actor. I know the actress Do-yeon Jeon has the Cannes Best Actress Award for this movie. However, I didn't find any specialty in her scene. You seem to be getting awards, do you really have to act convincingly in crying and hysterical scenes and all? All in all a good movie. If you don't like it? Please check again and see if you get it! If it leaves you dissatisfied or uncomfortable or asks questions, then think, if it wasn't the director in the first place in the role of the director!
