Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest oeuvres of any main director. He started making art house films in his native country, before moving to Hollywood, where he started making subversive genre pieces that are often regarded as mere entertainment by the mainstream crowd. 1983's The fourth man was the last film he made before going to the US and it was a transitional movie for him. From the start of the fourth man it is clear that the film will be seen from the point of view of the famous, though impoverished writer Gerard. In an apparent tribute to Carol Reed's similar title 1949 film The Third Man, the film begins with a writer who makes a journey to talk to a crowd of literature lovers. However, the similarities end there, as Gerard has no major complications before arriving at the auditorium and the speech itself goes pretty smooth. Despite the relative ease with which he completes this function, we know that the writer is somewhat upset because he has realistic fantasies about killing his roommate before leaving his home and he also has a surrealistic fantasy about a hotel he sees advertising and a detached eyeball grows from a door's peephole. The fact that he sometimes has problems separating his fantasies from reality is becoming more and more evident when an anecdote he tells is exposed as false and he admits that he lies the truth until he no longer knows or does something or didnt happen. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is full of surrealistic fantasies and dreams that are becoming increasingly disturbing, as it is very easy to see how they relate to events we've seen, and sometimes they predict events what hasn't happened yet. Between the efficacy of the unreal rows and Verhoeven's meticulous editing style, it is ultimately the atmospheric film from this side of Do not Look Now and this movie is full of ambiguity. Unlike the film The Fourth Man is also perversely funny, as Gerard's deeply held Catholic faith in every aspect of his life includes sexuality. Of course, he associates a female hair stylist he knows intimately with the Biblical Delilah, though he fears that she will remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with her scissors. In an erotic fantasy series that Luis Buñuel will blush, he replaces a man after which he is dressed for a life-size image of Christ on the cross. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is a horror movie that manages to bring the viewer into the mind of the protagonist while still maintaining a certain ambiguity: it seems that Gerard is in danger, but it may just be more if he lies the truth. The film is also full of subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism that helps make it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
