Watching the FOURTH MAN (also the FOURTH MAN) is a bit disturbing and quite fascinating experience. It is a very tight and intense psychological mystery / thriller from the Dutch Paul Verhoeven. He directed this movie just before he grew up with his "free ticket to Hollywood" movie FLESH + BLOOD. In many user comments on this site I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. Indeed, this movie may well be Hitchcockian, but I also got to know early Cronenberg (the visceral), the taste of David Lynch (surreal story-related footage) and even Roman Polanski (plot-wise arrangement). Funny thing is that the movies by those directors I thought of while watching the FOURTH MAN not be made after 1983, the year of release of the FOURTH MAN. So go figure. <br /> <br /> Many credit must indeed be given to the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve. This movie is based on. Gerard Reve is also the fictional name of the main characters (a plagued writer, played by Jeroen Krabbe, who balances on the dangerous line of a serious psychosis). Now, did anyone stop and think about the word "rêve" being French for "dream"? And the movie contains many dreamy / nightmare rows, often so far, you don't always know whether Gerard is awake or dreaming. Can it be coincidental? Maybe it's just me, but I don't think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite wonderful as the leading lady (in a rather demanding role). She sometimes looks guilty of overworking (in a subtle way). But that aspect was obviously intent on portraying the character she is playing, as this film is progressing, you become uncertain about what to really think of this woman and her intentions. Again prove what an excellent actress she is. I can also add that the movie also contains several scenes depicting the premier male and female nudity, as well as some explicit sex screens (and you'll even notice that some scenes and aspects are clearly the blueprint of scenes shot later for Verhoeven's lap BASIC INSTITUTION). <br /> <br /> Another aspect of this movie is many symbolism and biblical references. It probably hated the film thoroughly by some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its European release. Anyway, it makes the movie worthy of a second show. Now someone recently told me he had serious doubts about the FOURTH MAN. One of them is that the film maneuver itself in a position where it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve himself. I myself have major problems with the way Catholicism is played in some genres, and sometimes it is sometimes portrayed (not just when it comes to religious themed horror movies). But surprisingly, I have no reservations whatsoever when it comes to the FOURTH MAN. Although the Virgin Mary aspect in the plot made me scratch my head at one point, I also had some fun. I think the keyword why it doesn't bother me at all is "duality". Because this movie works on two levels. Although "divine intervention" could have settled the plot line from the protagonist's point of view ... on the other hand: the movie implies that it could all be the deadly ramblings of a raging man. And it's the nice part: you never know for sure. And then there is the question: Could it be that Gerard Reve somehow received distorted visions of the upcoming things ... like receiving? At one point in the film, Gerard is even trying to trick Christine into believing he is brighter. The way he plays Christine in that particular scene is beautiful to see. <br /> <br /> So with its compelling story, convincing acting and adequate direction, the FOURTH MAN is indeed a highly recommended look (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror movie). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not the chosen one).
