I do not know if I do not regard it as a masterpiece, but it is near; It is made extremely well, artistically, exciting, intricately sketched, thematically challenging and full of pale shadow and sexual religious images. There are also some fantastic camera work by Jan de Bont, an atmospheric score by Loek Dikker and excellent acting by Jeroen Krabbe and Renée Soutendijk. The latter gives one of the most ugly, subtle femme fatal achievements I have ever seen. Like many other European movies, this movie has an unashamed, non-judgmental attitude towards sex, nudity and the complexities of sexuality. There are no discussions about blending everything with religious and / or surrealistic (some will blaspheme) images. In other words, if you do not have the idea of ​​seeing a desire-driven homosexual representation, the object of his carnal desire like Jesus crucified on the cross before going into a cemetery, then it may be not the movie for you. What surprised me more is how this bizarre movie managed to evade a pretentious mess completely. It blends the abstract / surreal / parallel fantasy realities and somehow works it all. Like any good riddle, you can see that the pieces come in slowly when the movie progresses. There is NO solution out there from the left. The movie has direction, there is no unnecessary stuffing and once it is finished, you begin to understand the purpose of what you had previously confused. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee that you will love this movie. Hell, if you don't know who they are, you can still. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to spoil the plot by getting too detailed, but the movie's opening shot - through a web like a spider captures its prey - sets the stage as Krabbé. As uncut, mean, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (interesting, also the name of the author whose novel it is based) cross paths with a rich, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, reports androgynous styling with Simone Simon-like innocence / reasonably unpleasant gift that is a literal 'black widow' responsible for the death of her three previous men. The two become lovers and move with each other, but we are led to believe (by Christine's bizarre behavior and the regular appearance of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not actually exist) something awful under cooking the surface. When one of Christine's lovers, the young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman) appears at home, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> The 4th MAN was a major craft success in most of the world, but didn't win it until the US until 1984, when it received the award. Best Foreign Film of the Year of the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the Media Release, which was terribly baptized. Try to avoid that one and go straight to the newer subtitled Anchor Bay DVD release. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some lousy (Showgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's big hit Basic Instinct is almost like a less interesting, junior league version of The Fourth Man. Soutendjik also tried to play her hand in America and since Grave SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best offers she could get, she went straight back to the Netherlands.
