The morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbe) who is homosexual, alcoholic and has regular visions of death, is invited to give a lecture in the Vlissingen literature club. Feeling in the station in Amsterdam, he feels a mismatch to a handsome man starting in another train. Gerard is introduced to the treasurer of the club and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a rich widow who owns the beauty shop Sphinx, and they stand one night. The next morning Gerard sees the picture of Christine's boyfriend Herman (Thom Hoffman) and recognizes him as the man he saw in the station. He suggested that she bring Herman to her house for a few days, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard lives alone in her house. He drinks whiskey and snoops her safely, finds three movies especially of men; He decides to watch the footage and discover that Christine married the three guys and all died in tragic accidents. Later Gerard believes that Christine is a witch and question whether Herman or her will be the fourth man as a doomed man. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "The Fourth Man" is another beautiful feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is supported by an excellent script that uses Catholic symbols to build the tension associated with smart dialogs; beautiful display of Jeroen Krabbe in the role of a disturbed alcoholic writer; and beautiful cinematography. The insoluble resolution is open to interpretation, as in many European films exploring the common sense and intelligence of viewers. There are mediocre directors who used men to promote their films; However, Paul Verhoeven uses the nudity of Gerard Reve as part of the plot and never aggressive or looking for sensational. Last but not least; the androgynous beauty of the sexy Renée Soutendijk fits perfectly with her role of a woman dressing in a gay writer. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The 4th Man")
