Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to his outbreak contest 'Basic Instinct' is an attractive and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven became known for making somewhat messy garbage films, both in his native Holland and in America and this film is one of the reasons why. The fourth man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbe); a gay, alcoholic and slightly crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a talk about the stories he writes. As he met there, he met the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who brought him back to her house where he discovered a beautiful picture of one of her lovers and declared that he would meet him, even if he killed him. <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven often turns the truth into this movie, ensuring that you never really know where you are with it. Much of the fourth-man event may be what they seem to be, but they can easily be interpreted completely as something else and it keeps the audience on the verge of their seats for the duration and also makes the movie work as this story. is what he thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he should limit himself, and that is one of the things I like best about him. This movie has a very shocking scene that made me feel sick later (and this doesn't happen very often!). I won't spoil it, because it needs the surprise element to work ... but you'll see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the one I mentioned, yet it is lovely; A man is eaten by lions, another has a pipe sent through his skull. A boat is beaten in half. Nice. <br /> <br /> The play in the fourth man is nothing to write home, but it is solid throughout. Jeroen Krabbe keeps the audience's attention and looks at the role as the drunkard. This is Renée Soutendijk who is most impressed, but as the femme fatale in the middle of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone will be mimicking nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the original fatal has done the best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is as long as he pays attention to us through numerous points of view that help to create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven has become dirty, but of course he has talent and it is a pity that he did not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven movies I have seen, it is the best and it can be hard to come by; Trust me, it's worth it.
