A movie that can let you hear tears of joy and tears of joy will be seen as a whole step in the career of a common film maker. The fact is, Steven Spielberg, probably our biggest storyteller, has done so for many years in various movie formats. THE COLOR POLY, at the time, was considered risky, especially to action classics such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In the background, this movie had to come as no surprise, because Spielberg let us tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics called COLOR PURPLE his access to intellectual price. It's quite an entrance. No special effects, no swashbuckling, just telling brilliant story based on a literary classic by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg can offer such a moving film about African Americans in the deep south. Slavery is gone, but in the south depicted here, blacks seem to use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always placed to add sentimentalization to his pictures or to add an element of childhood to please the audience. This is truly the first of the forgotten films from his career that you can't make. This is the first in a series of movies that could not be seen or seen because there are no strangers. His spectacular talent is obvious with this particular picture because A) he uses mostly uneducated, first-time actors, B) he tackles a topic that was most unacceptable on the screen, and C) it's a pure drama without strings being drawn where characters grow and change over about 30 years. It is almost epic in appearance and scope and the fact that it did not earn a single Oscar award from 11 nominations is a travesty and insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous like the tortured Celie, an unattractive woman who was given away by her boisterous dad to a battered Danny Glover, who she only knows as "sir." The film follows a road of occasional attacks and spiritual torture that she is going through with "sir". The PG-13 given movie is fairly open to the sexual issues raised by the Walker novel. This is in no case the "The Burning Bed" in Georgia. There is no blatant vengeance as can be expected. It happens gracefully. Goldberg plays perfectly man, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The movie's most striking and sad moment comes when Goldberg and her sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated forever. (Possible submission of the Holocaust separation of child and parent?) You may need to look for a pulse if you are not moving through this row. <br /> <br /> The color purple stands for the beauty of the fields and flowers surrounding these poor people. There is really something to live, but love overcomes everything. Spielberg bashers note: the man can make an unforgettable classic without any cute strangers. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 or 10
