This bad name Western series has won an Emmy for the best syndicated program and is definitely an interesting series. It was manufactured by Republic, the studio that did action better than anyone, and they did their best. Each episode is built around a true historical figure of the old west. A railroad detective named Matt Clark, similar to the later Elliot Ness with the gangsters of the 1920s and 30s, managed to get involved in virtually every notorious western ban between the mid-1800s and World War II. The best asset of the series was Jim Davis. Long, robust, robust look, in prime shape, with an authentic Western accent, and great driving skills that made him totally convincing in action scenes, was Davis every inch of the western hero. He was in the first season along with two beautiful and active fellow stars, Mary Castle as Frankie, and Kristine Miller as Jonesy in the second. Everyone worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What separated the performance of his contemporaries and much of what came later was the professionalism invested in action scenes. Ace Action Director William Witney directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. Both filmed the action with Polish. Republican's large range of stock supplies and B's has been used to provide scope. The level of individual episodes has risen or fallen with the quality of the guest stars included in the play of the outsiders. Among the very good people were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Bees Kate, and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and The Smilin Kid. The cream of the western up and coming, Pickins, Parker, Denver Arrows, James Best, and Richard Jaeckel honed their craft. B-veterans with decades of experience under their ties, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie, provided the old learning feel of Western beings. <br /> <br /> The weakness of the concept was that there were just as many famous Western offenders. By the second season, the famous figures became a mite that was unclear to everyone through the most dedicated history buffer. Nevertheless, some of the later performances were a match for any of the gas stars. Henry Brandon depicted the red Nate Champion, and former Republican Don Barry was excellent as a small shooter. Mild Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or history buffs will want to see it.
