RAW PRICE AND THE TRIUMF OF "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite film of the general public, more important than the jury prize, was Erik Clausen's brilliant bittersweet dramatic comedy, "Villa Paranoia", which was also chosen by the European Youth Animal indicating that she appeal to cinephiles of all ages. The next day director actor Clausen traveled to the remote town of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, for a provincial festival of the new European theater where "Villa Paranoia" received three more prizes. Best Movie, Professional Jury; Best Movie, Public Price; and Best movie of another youth jury composed of "lycéen", French high school students. Five prizes in a single weekend - not a bad kick for a film from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, Villa Grand Prix, the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, received a total of six awards just a week ago by well-known British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"). a single week. If Lars from Trier Denmark has put Denmark on the Dogma kinematic map in the past year, it is now a good chance that Veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable team of actors will soon show the world what Denmark offers more. as a dogmatic drive, that is, a mass-pleasing pleasure for young and old. In addition, the female lead of his film, Sonja Richter, has such a magical screen presence that she is a good chance to become the next international Scandinavian Diva with a little more exposure. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction film, written, directed and acted by Mr. Clausen, and uses certain motives from Moliere's "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a deeply sought after role in the Moliere play to make a completely silly TV commercial commercial. It is on the verge of suicide. But Jorgen (Clausen), who manages a massive chicken farm, offers her a job with room and advice, which causes his tortuous, senile, wheelchair-driven dad Walentin, who has not spoken a word since his wife, Stella suicide. years before. Anna is the only one who eventually finds a way of communicating with the hostile, silent old man - and discovers that he has experienced deafness and immobility for years - a living "Malade Imaginaire". This will cause her to play the greatest role of her own life to uncover the dark secret that led to Walentin's total withdrawal from life and reality. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", where the Moliere tradition from which it is partially derived, is a heart-warming, multi-faceted, serial psycho-drama that literally has something for everyone and just needs proper placement to reach that kind of general. international outreach that earns it richly. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
