Passionate, dramatic, sounding like Flamenco itself, the movie is simply incredible. It's on the immortal Bizet's music. The original music is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, the foremost of the Modern Flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays a musician of the same name. Legendary Flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades wrote and wrote the script. This fabulous version of the celebrated Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée novella / opera is choreographed. He plays a main character Antonio, the famous dancer / choreographer who works to portray the story of Carmen in the Flamenco style. It combines dances with song and rhythmic clapping and has a highly charged level of dynamism that is very attractive to viewers. /> <br /> Brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoyos whose technical excellence suits the elegant artistry of her dance shines in the supporting role. Hoyos was the first dancer in Gades's company for twenty years (1968-1988) and starred in three films made by Carlos Saura of Gades's three major performances: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" 1983) and "El Amor Brujo" (1985). Beautiful Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, in whom Antony sees another Carmen from the first sight, who was immortalized by two Frenchmen, the author Prosper Mériée in his most famous novella written in 1846, which George Bizet's world-renowned Opéra-Comique inspired. version of 1875. <br /> <br /> As in the opera and in the novel, Carmen in Saura's movie is desirable and deadly, the ultimate femme fatale that must be anything else above all. She could not tolerate the possessive love of any person and would prefer death to submission. There are about 50 movie adjustments of the story and the opera on the screen, and as different as they are, they all have the only possible tragic end. Saura / Gades' film is unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with it from the first time I saw it more than twenty years ago and it is as special and beautiful today as it was at the time. Highly recommended.
