Undoubtedly, one of the great John Ford masterpieces, Young Lincoln, at the initial release, virtually unnoticed. It was no wonder, as the year was 1939 when many of the best films of the entire film history were released, including the most mythical Western in the history of the genre, John Ford's milestone Stagecoach and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, the wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington who took the Oscar in the only category. Young Mr. Lincoln is nominated for, which is original script. <br /> <br /> It remains the most underrated Ford movie for many years, gradually disappearing into the shadow of other John Ford's masterpieces, but by the end of the 1950s American and European film critics and historians note of legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about the young man Lincoln, where he praised it and admitted that if he had only one opportunity to make any American film ever made to date, would definitely be John Ford's Young. Mr. Lincoln. The critics made the impression of Eisenstein's undisputed preference, but the film started again, but only with a little other eyes and film's reputation has been increasing ever since. <br /> <br /> It wasn't far the first time the life of one of the legendary US presidents was brought on display. Already in the early 1930s, Griffith did it in his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as Ford's movie, MGM released John Cromwell's one, Abe Lincoln, in Illinois. Oddly, both of them were based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As far as John Ford's films are concerned, we can make many references to the life and deeds and even the death of mythical Lincoln's figure in various directors' works, such as the 1924 The Iron Horse of 1936 The Prisoner of the Shark Island, the second one, just like young Mr. Lincoln, as the main music theme, uses the favorite Lincoln song - Dixie. <br /> <br /> The script based on a previously mentioned play and Lincoln's biographies was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself. It was quite a rare thing for Ford to do, but the end result was simply excellent. A script combining elements of the Play with several historical facts, as well as myths and legends about Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice, leads to a hilarious but mostly heartbreaking trial scene. It's the highest point of the movie and the biggest laugh and tears generator where Lincoln defends and defends the two young brothers accused of murder. a way to help their mother when she is brought to court and where the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) requires her to indicate which one of her sons actually committed the murder, which of course commits her to the make an impossible choice to condemn someone to death and let others live. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a very pleasant, heart-warming and even funny movie with just a beautiful display by Henry Fonda in his highest characterization of Abraham Lincoln and with overwhelming wealth of other characters, no matter how little or how great they are from the wonderful and intelligent script and are learned by John Ford's genius at one of his best deliveries. A certain must see for all. 10/10
