In his otherwise excellent book, Lincoln in American memory, historian Merrill Peterson Young calls Mr.Lincoln a "boring, horrible movie". This incredibly wrong analysis simply proves that great historians rarely are fine film critics. I am working on a doctoral thesis on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for writing the thesis, I made a thorough analysis of this movie, and of Tag Gallagher's brilliant interpretation of it in his seminar book on Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln emerges from the highlight of the first phase of Ford's film authorship, 1939. In the greatest Hollywood years, Ford has fixed three fantastic, not yet fully appreciated films: Drums alongside the Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr.Lincoln. It seems strange to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, except that most purblind of critics should see that it is one of the greatest westerners, and perhaps even one of the 100th best films of all time. But what is not fully appreciated is that these three films really work together as a kind of trilogy-a triptych. Ford creates a kind of mythical history of America on the screen. Drums Along the Mohawk is the Revolutionary War. Young Mr. Lincoln is pre-Civil War America. Finally, Stagecoach is Post Civil War America. What the three films mean is that they are an extensive meditation on the American Adam and his "place of honor in the wilderness". What is the psychic and social cost of the American clear destination, as America strives to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes America's journey as he wants to reconcile civilized inpulse with the freedom of the wilderness. Immature Mr.Lincoln is not history. (It's full of historical "crying" - as both Ford and Trotti were well aware), but myth. It is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and grace, Lincoln, the man of the desert, striving to get a civilization within himself and become the "remarkable legislature" of young America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not history, like James Agee's long forgotten play about Lincoln. And like Sandburg's biography, it's an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
