This is an entertaining "history" of the FBI, but it has to be regarded as fiction because it is exactly what it is. What else could it be if J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a role in the production. James Stewart is excellent, as usual, and the supporting role, except for the talented Vera Miles, is good. Murray Hamilton is especially good at supporting role as Stewart's partner and best friend. The FBI reaches out that movie highlights are undoubtedly all true. What is significant is what it exhausts. <br /> <br /> One of the shameful parts of the movie is the portrayal of the murder of John Dillinger. It is pretty much portrayed as it happened, but there was no mention of Chicago Bureau's head office, Melvin Purvis, who led the operation. Instead, the operation is depicted as if the fictional Chip Hardesty were running it. It was said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity Purvis received after Ms. Dillinger was murdered; Purvis was then transferred to a remote outpost, and shortly thereafter the FBI left. This is undoubtedly why Purvis was never mentioned in the film. But this viewer has at least put forward thinking that if Purvis is treated in this way, that of all the agents who performed all the other activities depicted in the film. They were also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The movie is probably accurate in portraying FBI activity up to the end of World War II. However, after that, the film would believe that the only threat facing the US came from international communism. It is no doubt what Hoover believed. Never mind the Mafia. Remember the lynchings that were still going on in the South. Remember that blacks are intimidated not to vote in many South Africa. I don't know if the FBI started Martin Luther King when the film was made, but if not, it wasn't very long after it started. <br /> <br /> As I am at the Initially, this is pretty good entertainment, but it should be considered the purified fictionalization it is.
