The Drug Years actually suffers from one of the aspects of mini-series or other types of TV documentaries, over and over, for several weeks on TV. It's not long enough, in a way. All the major bases in the decades are covered, and they are all interesting to see as views in postmodern history and on different sides. But it hardly covers it, or at least it is sometimes covered when it can earn more time. For example, the information and details in part three about the whole process and business for itself of shipping mass quantities of drugs (partly the marijuana, later cocaine) is really well presented, but there is more detail being kept based on how much time there is is to cover. Although the documentary generally sheds light on how drugs, pop culture, state interference, upper classes and lower classes and in the suburbs all felt the wave of different drugs over the years, the interaction between all was very clear. No one in the film, except for the possibility of small tips with the pot.) Drugs are immediately underwritten, but it is shown in the archives about the honesty of what is almost fun, and then tragic, about certain drugs. The appearances of several capable, ridiculous anti-drug officers make some points difficult - even in such an overview of drug cultures and America's connection as a whole, as there is actually only one important point being made several times. by one of the interrogators. The only way to really approach the problem of drugs is not "just no," because as the drug war showed, it's not as effective as thought. It's really just about cleaning up all the drugs and people who can be hypocritical about them (for example, oxicotine continues in the market). Is it with the great interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some summer TV look for the young (ie my age) who will consider much of this as almost ancient history, despite the fact that it is no more than a generation ago, as well as the "old" who can Reflected a few decades later on the great peaks, indifferent times, and then the disillusionment offered more by the same media, which were distributed and advertised years earlier. There are those who may find the documentary extremely biased, which is not entirely false, but it is trying to get enough to confuse the social, political and entertainment conditions of drugs (for better or obvious) for enough of a fascinating view.
