With the death of her poor husband, May, an older woman faces a future in an urban world that sees her as invisible, dead from the neck and unwelcome in the pseudo-sophisticated yuppie homes of her son, Bobby and his shallow wife, Helen, and Paula, a self-absorbed, clinging, and minimally talented daughter. The central family is all but warm, supportive and understanding of her new and tragic stage in life with the death of her husband. The Mother is a quiet character study that suggests that in some societies the older parent is both unwelcome and a burden for adults whose careers and status eyes overshadow everything. <br /> <br /> As May realizes that the world is still important, the lonely widow is reviving her libido and alive with her daughter's boyfriend, carpenter and rough species. May start with an unhindered sexual relationship with Darren, whose character is only sympathetic to her, but his lack of character is quickly revealed by the pressure of the women surrounding him. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of role Hollywood actresses of a certain age have never written to them, but will never appear because the film's openness, overt sexuality, vowel style, small makeup and social comment on the vagueness of the whole society facing most film industry women. The performance by the main actress, Anne Reid, ranges from silent to greedy and her interpretation blossoms on the screen from the limp widow to a sexual living and liberated middle-aged woman without facial hair, hair extensions and liposuction. She bore more than her soul to the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is the crew member, Derrek, who has both mother and daughter beds. He turns into another star show that is initially sympathetic to the widow's situation, but is finally without redemption as his true nature unfolds and he is literally the cock in a chicken house. His ineffective character's inability to say no to the ex-wife, boring girlfriend, and her mother is blamed as the root of his ineffective existence. While he is good at building a conservatory, he cannot build meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of the best films in Britain in years, it's just mature in its storyline. The mother is the rare kind of movie that may be too honest for American audiences to endure that they have no car hunt, no bling, no rap soundtrack to drown the cunning performances by TV stars and buff study muffins. The Mother reflects how the aging baby farmers are now disposable people who are willing to look after the descendants, go to the retirement home and get out of the way. May not know what to do, as she is made alive by Darren, is not willing to go to the old people's home, and finds her children more conservative than they ever were at their age.
