It is hard to imagine that a director is able to pull out such a divine crap as 'Notting Hill' which is so sensitive and so attractive, but, here is the evidence and it is very compelling. Several spoke on television, and yes, it has a seventies. Play for Today sometimes feels, but it's always a bit above, especially I think because of a little superlative acting from Anne Reid and a fine manuscript that shadows with cliché without ever getting one on the nose, except maybe right at the end. (I also did not keep the track of careless secretions through the hallway or the cute-and-morning morning scene: she earned a more graduate final than I think, after all the hard work. Business was too) a little OTT, on reflection). <br /> <br /> What I mean to avoid cliché: Well, I had one sinking expectation that the "adult" man, May's daughter, was trying to set her up in 2 dimensions as a repulsive old drill thrown so that the contrast more painful with the attractive, virile young harder he unconsciously competes with. Instead, we get an unexpected, subtle and sympathetic coming from a lonely, clumsy, not totally untouchable and very human fellow man. However, he doesn't have much idea to entertain a woman. That was when I started to sit and pay more attention. Here was a script that made the actors breathe and made something interesting with fairly small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in that respect (minus the confronted cathars that the latter goes unexplained). <br /> <br /> And, of course, as everyone was likely, I was amazed at what Anne Reid did with her character and with her body. She is not "the first to discover herself the oppressed, conscientious housewife", it is too simplistic for the character we have. Again and again there is talk of being a "bad housewife", not to mention the thing she's doing with bakkies, trying to look nurturing and delicately and just manage to look uncomfortable. The daughter accuses her of sitting in front of the TV all day, instead of what she might have been courageous: she has no answer. She was never a model woman and mother, at least not for her - this is where much of the poignancy comes from, the feeling that someone has lost a life trying to play a role that she simply never was good.
