THE TANANTE began as a short novel of 1971 by Bernard Malamud, writer / philosopher, who was now dead. The conflict between Jews and African Americans was investigated in the burning atmosphere of Brooklyn when the book was written. As a novel, the story strings were actually realistic: like a script by novice David Diamond and Danny Green (also director) transcribed, it is more of a cerebral thesis that comes into effect gradually. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with one book under his belt, but is currently completing his 'latest' book ten years in writing. Convinced he should complete the novel in the same environment where it started. He is the only tenant in a convicted Brooklyn home owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to erase Harry's lease, so that the dirty, dilapidated building can be demolished. In this atmosphere, another black militant, quasi-anti-Semitic writer, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), who befriends Harry, hides, and helps the emerging author's attempt to write about the death of all white people. Harry's attempt to help Willie lead to conflict, not least, is Harry's encounter with Willie's girlfriend, white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) at an inferior meeting of Willie's militant black brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on the skis and Harry falls in love with Irene and plans to leave New York as soon as Harry completes his novel. When Willie hears of the mission and further criticizes Harry, Willie explodes and begins the downward descent of not only a delicate friendship, but also a competition between writers. The end 'reveals the smooth nature of the human condition and the human ability to abolish violence. <br /> <br /> The actors are doing their best with a script that is a little uncomfortable, but despite written lines that border on preaching they create credible characters. The cinematography enriches the story, keeps the mood soft and dense and largely confined to the condemned building. The musical score applies appropriately to the solo jazz trumpet and blues piano to underline the tension and isolation of each of these landless characters. Although it requires patience to make it through cerebral ramblings, the film is finally worth watching. At least it tries to recreate Malamud's bizarre look at life in the big city. Grady Harp
