Like Jack Nicholson's director debut, Drive, He at least shows that he is a gifted director of actors. Even when the story may fall to the audience (and to a modern audience - if they can find it, which occasionally appears on eBay - looks more liberal than they think), the film contains bright, interesting characterizations. The film tells of two college children: the chief is Hector (William Tepper, in what limits on an outbreak performance), a star of the leopards, the college basketball team he plays. While dealing with a coach (Bruce Dern), who has to push the pressure to stay focused, and an on-and-off girlfriend (Karen Black) with her own emotional problems, Gabriel (Michael Margotta) is there. the other child. Gabriel seems to be a little more than freaked up with the possibility of drafting, and so in his own radical state of mind he does what he can to keep out. But as Hector tries to find the balance between his forthcoming fame and those he loves, Gabriel goes over the threshold of common sense. <br /> <br /> On the technical side of things, Nicholson shows a fascinating editing style that keeps things on the edge during basketball scenes, and implements darkness in many other scenes with a documentary feel throughout. And from Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (author of Chinatown, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible among others, rarely acting), he deserves a credible acting work. Though there is a tendency in Carpets to drop his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he could act brilliantly sarcastically, he didn't play it for what it was worth. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a lively, twisted force in his performance, and when he goes down, it's frightening, but perhaps understandable of times (and what a climax). Most of his scenes, incidentally, steal into a show that had to get him an Oscar nomination. Every line of his dialogue is appropriate, true, and it has never been accumulated as in recent coaching. <br /> <br /> But what the movie is down is that the elements that the characters are involved are not explained to the extent you want. The film is based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected the movie to be longer than it was. It's a slender volume with lots of information, about the times, about the sport, about the underlying feelings of those of the younger generation. Nicholson offers us these characters and situations, and rarely are they shown to what motivates them (the anti-war protesters are not included, their part is understandable enough). Gabriel is disturbed by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector, too, is a man who fears the NBA's set-up and he still likes to play, but what keeps him back? This whole atmosphere is intriguing, as the college / basketball experience of the late 60s, but the intriguing quality, which leads to unconventionality, is kept to a point where it can't go further. Overall, the effect of the film as a whole is bitter, and somewhat memorable for its good points, and not for its layers. And you can say who is behind the lens behind each lens. B +
