It's a great movie to watch. With the use of digital technology, director Rohmer literally created his live actors in painted backgrounds. Most of the time it works brilliantly, especially at the beginning where the movie comes to life as a pop-up storybook. It is less successful in some scenes, where it limits camera angles (for example, they have not painted the side of some of the buildings), but it is a very interesting way to film a historical film that is so much about our own misconceptions are trading. limited view of history as history itself. It is told by the memoirs of the Duc d'Orleans ex-lover, Grace Elliott. So, an event usually made by Marxist historians, especially in France, as one of their own claims, is told here from the point of view of a female aristocratic stranger. Inevitably, another point of view appears - there can be no objective representation. Using the memoir device gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the story line around the king's death the most interesting. A competent royal, she is shocked when the Duc votes for the king's death. (A basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow the dialogue between Grace and the Duc here. He was Louis's cousin and elected himself to the Assembly, where he quickly changed his name to Philip Equality). The filming of Louis's death is masterful. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, Paris, who watches from a hill with a telescope. We don't see the performance, we just hear the girl's comments, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the Revolution happens from the screen. Grace cannot bear to see her king murdered. Her view is that of an aristocrat. Any justification of Louis's death is literally beyond her vision. It is powerful, sharp intelligent film making. The love story between the Duc and Grace is insinuated, never told, and is vigorously moving (the Duc sometimes looks like a pumpkin fool, what does she see in him?). No accounting for taste. The undercurrents of madness (just existing to be enough to be a suspect) that merge individuals at a time like the Revolution are illustrated. Grace's life is turned upside down, her home is being searched daily, but she commands her servants to cook her food and is unable to dress herself! If you have any interest in a subtle, well-filmed movie, make clever use of new technology to tell an old story, or portray a pivot in Europe's history by an aristocratic foreign woman, his ultimate outsider , be told. Worth appreciating your time. It's a bit slow in places, but your patience is generously rewarded.
