In the original Japanese name of LAPUTA (for an insulting phrase, something that director Hayao Miyazaki was currently unaware of), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third film of the master animator. It is one of his loved ones of all time. Initially, a box office disappointment in the 1986 release has since been surrounded by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels", CASTLE IN THE SKY is a drama-themed action adventure story of two young orphans - young miner Pazu, and the mysterious girl Sheeta (wearing a magical crystal around her neck) to find the long-lost island of Laputa, which is rumored to have wealth and precious stones. They are helped by a band of clumsy but sympathetic air pirates, led by the demanding Dola (who initially pursued them, but appear to be true allies) and pursued by the government led by his rogue, highly-secret agent, Muska, who wants the power of Laputa for his own benefit. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice, with just the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder and mystery. to keep interested. The artwork, although not as spectacular as in some of Miyazaki's later movies, is fantastic and beautiful enough to watch with imaginative characters and venues, amazingly exciting action scenes and breathtaking flight sequences that make one feel greedy. And while the characters populating this story are less complex than Miyazaki's other works, each one has an unforgettable, engaging personality that stays with the viewer long after the movie is over. Dola, in particular, makes for a tremendous comic character, commands to her uncovered boys one moment shouting and Protecting from Sheeta the following. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creations ever considered an irreparable villain, but like Dola, he commands every scene in which he is involved in a sinister charisma that is attractive and cold. <br /> <br /> Anime fans often compare this movie with Gainax's sci-fi adventure series NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. After all, both works share similar story and character elements ... not to mention that they were both created by Miyazaki himself. Where both are different in their performance. NADIA, although having had the bulk of the charm, suffered from a wrong turn in the center, which conveyed cartoon-like nonsense, all of which distracted from the main grave, though it had a strong end had. CASTLE IN THE SCREEN, on the other hand, remains consistently entertaining and focused for its two hours of running, and is better off for it. While the movie's epic show is sometimes broken by a "cartoon" -like moments, such as a noise between Pazu's boss and one of Dola's boys, it is never to the point that it detracts from the film. <br /> <br /> About eleven years ago, Disney released an English version featuring a film of major names such as James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin, as well as some como performances by veterans such as Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also features an ambitious reworking of Joe Hisaishi's beautiful musical score for a performance by the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this salvation is none other than the composer himself). As much as purists shouted the blasphemy about this version for his occasional extra dialogue and the reasons mentioned, Miyazaki did not have such problems; In fact, he said the rework, and for good reason, was complemented because the new review music is really the star of the new dub. Although there are some cases in which some critical silent scenes of the original Japanese are completed, it is a little devastating (especially the journey through a dragon-infected storm cloud). The overall rework is fantastic and in many ways improved on the original, especially in scenes. like when a robot attacks a fortress and climbs to the end. Here, his syllabus shows his musical versatility and genius for adapting music to visuals. <br /> <br /> What the performances are in the dub is probably the lead at the short end of the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu sounds much more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that sometimes rocks (a problem that actually works for the character). That said, both do good work in general and offer a fairly credible chemistry continuously. This is the lively supporting role play, but it really makes it so much fun, especially Cloris Leachman's Dola and Mark Hamill's Muska. Both are perfectly cast and steal every scene they are in; As with the rescore, these two really really listen to the Disney dub. The text adaptation sometimes borders on the loose side - there are quite a few extra lines and / or comments (some of which are invaluable and others somewhat exaggerated) - except at least one debatable change (Sheeta's speech in the climate conflict "the world cannot without love living "unlike the original" you cannot survive from the Mother Earth "), the overall characters, story and spirit remain fairly faithful to the original. Generally speaking, there is little point in comparing the Disney version with the original language track; each one puts their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and I love them both. (They are also better than Streamline / JAL's more literal but frightening robot, lifeless, abysmally active and poorly written parent dub of the late 1980s, don't believe anyone who says this version is "better" for Disney's - trust me, The opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> Anyway, you can't go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SCHEME. It's one of Miyazaki's very best time, and I highly recommend it.
