Hayao Miyazaki's second feature film, and his first one is both commercially and critically acknowledged (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is regarded by his spectators as his best), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'Castle in the Sky' can look childish and simplistic compared to his more recent masterpieces such as "Kiki's Delivery Service", "Mononoke-hime" and "Spirited Away," but in 1986 it was years before his time and that was one of the milestones of modern anime . It is important to remember that 'Castle in the Sky' was created two years before the revolutionary 'Akira', and although it is not challenging and controversial as the aforementioned masterpiece, the main characters are mainly basic manga hero / heroine / villain type characters, and the story is pretty predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's designs and animation work are standards never seen before. While the story and humor are a bit stupid and outdated, the movie is still very entertaining and enjoyable - if not as breathtaking as 'Spirited Away'. And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames themselves and ignore the low-budget color and animation and the identical two-faces - at this stage Miyazaki is still true to its roots and to the agreed standards of Japanese cartoons - you Die Miyazaki genius will be transparent, as well as on 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke. While 'Castle in the Sky', a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for children, fits the classic anime more neatly than anything else he did, his motives and principles still play an important role. To say much more would be to ruin the movie, so I will be friendly. Suffice to say that I give it only nine stars, because if I gave it ten, I couldn't go higher for 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As in most animated films, I recommend watching the Japanese version with the English subtitles, even if you don't speak a word of Japanese - I tend to be very good, and in this case it's just awful. You can watch it once in the English version, but only for the laugh and for the death-filled movie (the English dub was only recorded after the success of 'Spirited Away', like that for 'Kiki's Delivery Service') - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (the Dawson guy!) Fill out the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Star Wars Luke Skywalker, in case you don't know!) Play the villain and other roles are filled by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons , Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck from Kevin Costner's Robin Hood travesty) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Good for a laugh, or some laugh really. But look at the Japanese first.
