It is always difficult to place a seal on any movie as "the best", whether it be a certain genre or what you have, but I believe a strong argument can be made that Laputa is the biggest animated movie is. ever made. It is in my mind the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of Japan's animated directors, and best captures his strengths as a director, narrator and designer, as well as incorporating all of his favorite underlying themes. The version I'm reviewing is the 2003 American dub (I know, sanctuary for a hard-core anime fan not to see it in his native language); there is at least one other english language out there, i have it on vhs (i have no idea what source), and that version is the single best dub i ever experienced from any movie. But I thought it was better to focus on the version that people can actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (pronounced by James Van Der Beek here), who grows up in a mining town when one day a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin ) literally from the air. She seems to be pursued by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal hanging around her neck. To keep things alive, there is also a bad funny pirate gang to the crystal, led by aging, but still captivating Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the factories airport Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. This is all in keeping with a fairy tale environment, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far the story should go, and the plot is peppered with a "gosh-wow" moment and placed with its usual morality and warnings about the abuse of the power of nature. . <br /> <br /> The design work at Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. All kinds of airplanes are plentiful, but impossible, but so carefully designed that you immediately accept them without flashing. The world was established somewhere in the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraph and old motor vehicles next to the amazingly impossible flying machines. But this is the city itself, it is pure brilliance in performance; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven itself, thereby laying his appeal, his power and his danger. <br /> <br /> Apart from being a well-designed and beautifully delivered movie, Laputa is blessed. with a great sense of cinema. From flying flying shots to high speed chase on small one-man rolls to ships immersing in the clouds as if they were water. Laputa shows a range that most movies are? even with the magic of CGI ?? can only leave daydream. Although we only see a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance extends across the boundaries of the frame and we have no trouble believing in it. The movie also features one of my favorites, if not the most exciting action series ever: a Guardian robot that has fallen to Earth is accidentally re-activated and destroyed on the fort in which it is held, and tries to protect Sheeta ( what was the one that woke it up). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates sneak up on their little flying machines to literally pull her out of the jaws of destruction. From the terrible face of the robot burning the countryside to the thrilling last secondary rescue, the whole series is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles and knows exactly how far the audience should be. <br /> <br /> It helps Laputa have a wonderful score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wonderful beauty of this world, the dull innocence, the exciting action and the creepy other worldliness of the flying city and its bizarre robot guardians. Although he has recorded it again for this DVD edition (which IMO is not an improvement on its original score), add pieces here and there, the score fits the footage perfectly, a scarce total union of sound and vision. <br /> It's not a bad dub. I especially love the older English dub, and this one explains things just a little in places, but I was almost shocked how now these voices fit with those (and this played well by the Japanese). Dola in particular is difficult to get right, but Leachman is about to be like the fiery old pirate woman (her sons aren't quite as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, while I knew it was early, is more than talented enough to do Muska (I had the other English dub of Muska a bit more, but Hamill's good) . Much of the film rests on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. When I listened to him, I said this crew had to have access to the other English dub, because VDB closely matches the original Pazu. Although I look again, this is a reason for excommunication among the otaku believers, as much as I like this movie, I don't think you are going to sacrifice much, but just to watch this particular Anglicized version. Pixar's John Lassiter suggests it, and I suspect he, like many others, loves this movie so much that they have tried very hard to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> In recent years, Miyazaki has been successful in America with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films I don't care about), but for me, Laputa is still his crown performance. Anyone who is familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again this film is a master at the top of his form that beats on every cylinder. I'll pay big money to see it on a big screen; While this will probably never happen, it is good to know that at least this classic is on DVD.
