By this time, you probably heard a bit about the new Disney dub of Miyazaki's classic film, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. In the late summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" on the video, which included a preview of the Laputa dub that resulted in 1999. This is apparently over the year, but the dub was finally completed. And it's not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", just "Castle In The Sky" for the dub, as Laputa is not such a good word in Spanish (even though they use the word Laputa many times throughout the dub) . You've also probably heard that the world-renowned composer, Joe Hisaishi, who originally played the movie, has returned to restore the excellent music with new arrangements. Laputa came out for my neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa from the Valley of the Wind, who started Studio Ghibli and that is a long series of hits. And, in my opinion, I think it's one of Miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson plagued in this two-hour and four-minute jewel. Laputa: Castle in Heaven is a movie for all ages and I encourage everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> For those who are unfamiliar with the Castle in Heaven's story, it starts right at the start and doesn't stop for the next two hours. The storytelling is so flawless and masterful, you see Miyazaki's true vision. And believe me, this is a fantastic one. The film starts with Sheeta, a girl by half, as she is being imprisoned by the government on an airship. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the air and a lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a sacred pendant she has, which is sought by many, namely the government, the military and the pirate group, the Dola gang (who later befriended Sheeta and Pazu). Soon the pirates attacked the ship and she escaped during the attack. She falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. As she drifts off the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives by working in the mines, sees Sheeta and catch her. The two become quick friends, but thanks to her pendant, the two are trapped in one big thrill ride as the Dola gang and the government try to capture Sheeta. One action series after another, we learn all the motives and identities of the character as we build on the emotional and action-packed climax that will surely please everyone with its fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. Plus some twisted surprise. I think this movie is simply remarkable and holds on for two hours and four minutes of running time. The story is wonderful, as we boast Hayao Miyazaki's animation, which has no boundaries. Setting up the movie is a combination of many periods. It looks like the end of the 1800s, but it's an alternative universe that has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a funny movie. The movie has tons of hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and action the movie holds. I think the funniest part is a battle scene where Pazu's boss faces a pirate, and shortly afterwards a riot broke out. It's funny as we see the men comparing their strength and music perfectly. <br /> <br /> Now we're talking about how the dub rates. An excellent throw gives some good achievements to bring these characters to life. Teenage hero James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much more mature voice in the Japanese version, where he sounded more childish in the original. Anyway, I think his voice is fit at Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner of The Piano, plays Sheeta. It's also a good performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, she doesn't stay true to one accent. Sometimes she sounds like American as apple pie, but at other times she sounds like someone from New Zealand. The most enjoyable show, however, was from Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is this an excellent achievement, but the voice and emotion she gives to the character really brings it to life. If there was ever a Laputa movie (G-d banned), she would be the one to play her, you could just imagine in the role (well, somewhat). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another top performance Hamill performance. You might be familiar with Hamill with a long voice after he made the original Star Wars movies, but he makes Muska angry. His voice sounds like his regular voice and mixes with the Joker, which he has played for many episodes on the animated Batman series. Completion of the film is the voting character actor Jim Cummings, who does a wonderful job as general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Dola gang. <br /> <br /> Now I have to talk about what really makes this double special, Joe Hisaishi's newly-acclaimed music! For those who have never heard of him, Hisaishi the music and like all Miyazaki's movies, the music is very memorable. Each of its scores has its own personas that fit perfectly with the particular movie. Now, these new arrangements he made are more "American like", which I think was the goal of the new recordings. Don't worry, the classic songs of the Japanese version are still in good shape. The score, for me, sounds like to be arranged because it's a Hollywood group. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is clearer and deeper. The film's prologue, the first few seconds we were introduced to the airships, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I believe when we first saw the ships there was no music at all). But a majority of the music has new background and more background music to enjoy. Things look much better. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. In a quiet scene, it is calmer. Overall, I think many of you will be happy with the new arrangements a mix, I've done a lot and personally think it helps improve the movie. I prefer the new score over the old, and I hope Disney will release the music rights or license a full-blown soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another plus is that the story remains true and many of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki I'm probably a few lines where changed, and that's the same way, lines have changed. But a majority are close or exactly the original lines and dialogue Miyazaki wrote. I was afraid some excellent lines would be slaughtered, but they were intact. Some new lines have also been added to help. But I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, it's not Disney DID translating the final song, it was in Japanese. I was killed when they did completely new songs for the Kiki dub, but with this version it's the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good, it's still original, but bad because a majority of people see this bilingual English. <br /> <br /> There's a big side to this dub and it's about how the voices match the character's lips. Of course in any dub it won't be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke is the dubbing of matching lines much better done (and Disney has a little more time with this one ...). Some of the time is all perfect, some of the time it is not perfect, and in a rare case, someone says something and the lips do not move (there is a scene where Sheeta licks her and her mouth does not move one bit). <br /> <br /> As far as the movie itself is concerned, it's my mind. I thought the most wonderful part of Laputa was the animation. From the opening to the end, the animation is so sumptuous and detailed, you just have to look in awe. You see the true nature of each character, true details on their faces with extreme close-ups and action. You have to give a lot of credit for the effort these animators made in this movie. Everything is done so well and hand-drawn, it's like a moving art. And to think, it was done in the mid-1980s. The animation is very different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flare that is very different but very good. And after all these years, the colors look as lively as ever. Laputa also has numerous action rows, lots of aircraft dogfight plus a few on the ground. These series are so well done and so intriguing, it's terrible that they are comparable to a big budget action movie. And the final is just something you should see. The sound effects are pure and classic and appropriate explosions, guns fire and everything good. And like all Miyazaki films, each one focuses on a different theme (eg, Kiki: Trust). This one has a great lesson on greed and power. People don't realize how greed can take you, and how much power is, isn't good. People are obsessed with power and are greedy, and the most important town, Muska, shows it a lot. <br /> <br /> All in all, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie to start with and is now improving for the most part. I'm glad a more general audience now has the chance to see this classic animated film in all its glory. With a large voice cast much in the film with the excellent redone musical score of Joe Hisaishi, Disney has done a good job on this dub and it's pretty worthy. Although I think the voices fit better in the Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney dubs, Castle In The Sky is still a good dub and worth the long delays, because now can be a fantastic movie.
