Regardless of what personal opinion you may have from Walerian Borowczyk's grotesque but beautiful jewel "La bête" of 1975, you must admit that this bizarre gem is an absolutely unique movie experience. Borowczyk erotic fairy tale has long been banned in several countries, and it is very clear why this controversial jewel has become the victim of foolish film censors. "La bête" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy-like atmosphere, fairly explicit eroticism and true weirdness that bravely refuses to compromise. The fact that beestiality (or sorting) is one of the central themes of the film certainly did not help with the censorship, but it made it very controversial and therefore known for a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), head of a French aristocratic family, arranged for his somewhat demented son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to work with Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), the young and beautiful daughter of a rich English family, to marry. Due to an old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French estate, Lucy is immediately fascinated with a portrait of the 18th-century ancestor Romilda (Sirpa Lane) and with an old book depicting bizarre drawings. The story soon flows into a bizarre sexual chorus. Without giving too much, I can say that fans of exceptional theater may not miss this movie. As bizarre as it is, "La bête" is undoubtedly beautiful in style, settings and cinematography. The fever-dreamy atmosphere is present inside and outside the dream sequence. The woods and the imposing family home are beautiful settings, and the stunning score and incredible cinematography build an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. The explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudity, surprising actresses) to severely demented and even somewhat disgusting (near-ups on horses' genitals while in community ...); Anyway, it probably won't be forgotten. The whole cast of "La Bête" is fantastic and everyone involved gives excellent performances in eccentric characters (some of which are seriously demented). The film is characterized by an exceptionally beautiful film, which is foreseen by Lisbeth Hummel, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died of Aids in 1999) as the ancestor of the dream series, or the relatively unknown but particularly striking actress Pascale Rivault, who plays the aristocratic daughter who ever uses opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a closet. <br /> <br /> I'm deliberately not giving a complete description of the key parts of the plot, as they simply have to be seen to be believed. Some scenes are one of the most bizarre ever captured on film, the plays with the unambiguous "animal" are definitely among them. Certainly not everyone's cup of tea, but highly recommended to fans of controversial and unusual theaters. A true cult jewel!
