Polish movie maker Walerian Borowczyk's La Bête (French, 1975, also known as The Beast) is one of the most controversial and brave films ever made and also a very excellent one. This film tells everything that is generally hidden and denies about our nature and our sexual nature, especially with the symbolism and silence of its images. The images may look wild, perverted, "sick" or exciting, but they are all in proportion to the latter. Sex, desire and death are very strong and primary things and dominate all the flesh that a human soul has in it. They interest and urge us to be so powerful (and by our nature) that they are scary, unacceptable and something wild to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to a French countryside to meet her soon-to-be husband, with whom she had some kind of letter relationship. Everyone is very exciting and each other's parents and family are waiting impatiently to see the new people arriving at their families. The innocence of the young bride shines through and no one knows what can happen and wakes up in the walls of the great and beautiful French house, with all its people and animals, and a mysterious "la bête" which apparently is something that characters, or most of the film's audience, could never have imagined they were real and in front of them. <br /> <br /> The film is about the same theme as Canadian David Cronenberg's Shivers (1975) feature, which takes place in a large luxury building, in which destructive and prying parasites are spread from human to human through sexual Contact and cause people to act furiously and violently in the desire and fulfillment of instincts. Man has instincts that can be stronger than his will and therefore that instinct can be as dangerous and powerful as the instinct of other animals, an animal, whether it is a desire for blood, revenge or sex and carnal pleasure. People are only animals that have intelligence and tools to transmit it, but because we are animals too, intelligence is not always used too much, as everywhere around us. The film opens very much and very shockingly to the most hypocritical attitudes, which show a horde of male horses raging in anger as he waits to enter the mare and continue the race. The rage and visible loop we see from his eyes and violent movements are the key elements of that beginning and why it is there, not the close-ups of organs as it can be so easily demanded. The horse is an animal that struggles in an almost unbearable heat, in heat that is much stronger than its will, as it no longer controls. The power of the instinct makes an animal an animal. <br /> <br /> After the unforgettable start, the characters are introduced, and the movie has fantastic all the age groups in it, from the little innocent children waiting to grow up and grow to their flower, to the adults and elders who all represent their own part of the lifespan, creating the face of human life on the screen. A movie doesn't necessarily need more characters, as all the important people are there and represent the whole race, including urban and rural residents and both sexes. The house makes the sexuality of the protagonist girl as she saw the horses couple and act as she obviously never thought. For the first time, she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost essential to her and her body, like getting water when you're thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she was unaware of these things in her, with his mother and camera and a letter boyfriend, although the things were just waiting for the moment to burst out. Meat desires flesh and it belongs to a human being, but still these things are not as easily allowed and movies like this are trying to portray that it has been banned for decades? Man's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret images may not be an argument for a movie that has been banned or otherwise violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the movie are also as important as the beginning and show how powerful cinema is without unnecessary words and talks. As the girl and audience realize what her body is beginning to feel and desire, she begins to dream about the mysterious animal that appears to be the uncovered form of ourselves in the bush without other people / animals near him. The dream series is the one that caused and caused most of the controversy, alongside the film's overall straight and honest attitude, and the images are so easy to judge as "perverse" and "pornographic", without the courage to go deeper go into them, character reactions and thoughts behind what we see. The images are exciting in her dream and finally in the dream of the dream's (more) human character, and Borowczyk forces us to acknowledge it with the images so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman who is a beautiful thing and expression of love is another human need. The many, and clever, black humorous love performances in the house between the young mother and the black servant are also often interrupted when, for example, someone cries out for the servant and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young people gathering together and with an angry cry is no longer pleasing at all by the interruption. Borowczyk managed to paint his images so beautifully and sensitively that his message is almost impossible to understand, but nothing seems impossible for our cultures and thoughts that criticize art. He only uses dialogue when needed, otherwise the images work and make the movie powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also there, as the flesh sooner or later dies, it dies after years of life and instinct. The end is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could also have been so powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" also ending. Another black humorous element comes when we see the shocked city women walking out of the place where they have seen a little more than they are looking for! They visited the house of truth about flesh, us and them. The film reminds me of the French writer Georges Bataille's story of the Eye with the same themes on eroticism, death and how they are both linked to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic, as well as this film, and obviously both are blamed for their "too explicit" content and other equally remarkable level comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's film is also very visually beautiful alongside its raw honesty, and nature and the forest rarely looked so bright and bright as in this movie. The sun shines through the trees, and everywhere people live, and its beauty is always there, but so is the ugliness created by the inhabitants of the world. For every innocent white sheep there is an egoistic, evil and abominable beast in our world and therefore the intelligence we have given is never quite the power of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep, which occurs in every human soul , don't conquer. . It's about how much management keeps the dark side passive and not active. The fulfillment of some of our instincts is not bad, and by using this intelligence and seeing what instincts are good and bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence and the deadly and destructive circle created by it. People are no more than an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to be forgotten and eaten in the background by things that feel better and satisfy in every and perhaps sudden moment. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, memorable and clever piece of magical theater with an ageless theme and also an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a filmmaker, who is just a human being.
