OK ... this is a strange .... Honestly, I can't tell you all the inner plot points of THE BEAST, because I lost interest when nothing happened in the first 45 or more minutes - but just wait , it definitely "picks up" ... <br /> <br /> The plot involves something about a monster in the forest that screwed some French aristocratic chicks in the day. Eventually you see "THE PICTURE", which looks like a man dressed in a giant gear costume with a horsehair attached to it. The scene takes place with the aristocrat woman running around the forest, looking for a lost sheep. The sheep are dead and the woman is scared. THE BEAST appeared, raped the chick and shot 400 liters of spanking over her. Eventually, the chick begins to "pay attention" to the animal, resulting in some beautiful new simulated sex scenes, including an unpleasant erotic foot masturbation scene where the woman crushes the animal with her feet, while the monster overloads large amounts everywhere (yes , I have a twisted foot fetis - so sue me.) ... The whole movie is told in flash magazines and long-lasting dialogue scenes that tended to be a bit boring. A "shocking" but predictable end concludes this extremely strange movie. <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a movie I find difficult to cherish. The cinematography itself is very conspicuous and the sets, costumes and places are expanded. The plot is a bit over and it seems to take it very seriously, as it ends up such an unintentionally hilarious movie about a chick that bounces back. A good bit of tits, ass and hairy 70's French bushes to help make the dull first half of the movie. I must honestly say, if it wasn't for the graphic scenes of the BEAST play about the willing girl, this movie would have been a real drill - that is unless you want a dull dialogue and some graphic horse racing (The beginning has a very close-up and personal scene of two horses that have been boned, including a pulsating and well-known female horse vagina ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so strange and such a refreshing change from the rest of the movie, that I have to say that those scenes alone make what would otherwise have been a real snoozer. I have to recommend this one to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - the BEAST rape is really outside and there's something to see. Also recommend any fans of 70's / 80's sleaze movies - this one is pretty high with them. A look for your sick bearded beestiality lovers out there (like me) ... 8/10
