If, like you, you want your movies to be unique, and unlike most other movies, then I strongly suggest watching The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairy tale centered around a mythological 'Beast', rumored to wander the grounds of a French mansion and desires for women. The movie is very daring with its subject matter, and it's something to admit it. The theme of bestiality is a definite taboo, and for good reason I can add; but the movie carries it; straight and to the point. Like other movies dealing with a taboo box in their center, The Beast could have gone there, and we used our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borowczyk didn't do it and he's brave in that respect, especially As to make such a film, it will open up to all sorts of criticism, but the fact that it continued with that means in my opinion a big thumb for the man. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a row that sees a striped male horse is a woman. This opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, in some ways, for the incredible, tourist power of eroticism they are going to see. The scenes that the cattle father sees with the woman are free and shocking and must offend many people (hence the reason it has been banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borowczyk to watch the viewer. do not shock. this movie has a definition point. As said during the film; The only difference between humans and animals is intelligence. Both man and animal have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The Beast investigates this difference between man and animal through sexuality; The fantasy direction in which the animal appears, embodies the control of human desire, and it is only when the central female character shows her control that she can see the beast. The film has strong themes of the age-old story of "beauty and beast" that is complicated by it. In general, it is a shockingly morbid story of lust, but not without a moral one. <br /> <br /> Many scenes criticize the film's shocking sex series for boredom, but these scenes are important to the movie's story. Without these scenes we will not know the characters or the story of the beast, and above all; The story of "beauty and the beast" would not be able to give the horrible conclusion of the audience, and this is one of the most important elements of the film. It would be a real shame. In addition, Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained with these scenes, not with shock, but with dialogue and the upper classmate of the family, along with the beautiful shots of the house's ground, it will not be seen and thus the sharp contrast between it And the events that occur later in the movie won't exist either. <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking movie. This is portraying a taboo topic and the shocking way it is portrayed will ensure that this movie is not for everyone. However, if you can come across the movie's shock and embrace the Beast; What awaits is a skillful and beautiful work of art not missed by anyone willing to give this movie a chance.
