Most people, when thinking of expressionist theater, watch the German and German German films of the silent and early sounds - films that emphasize lace angles, extreme contrasts of light and dark, exaggerated performance and occasional use of surrealism. a dream-like atmosphere to deviate from traditional, naturalistic ways of filming. If we are prepared to accept that the Germans were not the only film makers to create expressionist theater (and that the above attributes are not prerequisites for expressionist films), then I would argue that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a first example of this type of movie. <br /> <br /> Like dreams, DCS is a bit of a calamity for a Kurosawa movie, which, as it does, drops into the unreal. However, DCS is, in contrast to Dreams, a good movie and probably my favorite Kurosawa picture. Why? Usually I think these are the colors. It was, I believe, Kurosawa's first color film, and the man saturates the movie with vibrant primary colors and creates a completely unreal contemporary Japan. We are accustomed to the neon lights and splendid Tokyo skyscrapers; We are not accustomed to a city that apparently colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> As I said, DCS is a peculiar movie, as many of its characters reside in a junkyard, found in an alternate universe. That is, I think, the point - these are the foreigners of Tokyo, the people left behind during the big step forward to World War II. The film also represents one of Kurosawa's more sad films; There is genuine sentiment here and true pathos (like when the boy's father describes their dream home). It is an amazingly moving movie from a man better known for a beautiful, John Ford-like view and samurais. Everybody had to know that Kurosawa had in him a film that touched and thought so (Ikiru had the emotional resonance of this role in many respects). <br /> <br /> Finally, I'll argue that it's Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His samurai films, though competent, are pale compared to works by Kobayashi (Hara-Kiri is the largest, most intelligent samurai film dedicated to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fort, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha, and Ran are all good movies, but they're just fine (and honestly I think the word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DCS is a good movie, like Ikiru. They are the crown jewels that show that Akira was not a once-off Samurai pony. They reveal his artworks and mastery of cinema.
