If there was something that Akira Kurosawa did wrong to make Dodes'kaid, he made it with the partnership he formed with the four knights (the other three being Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big hit to kick off their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, probably the head of the group, delivered an abstract humanistic film with characters living in a subdued slum. Many of his characters had dark tragedies. Made it on a more independent basis or went to another studio that knows, but it was because of this other financial and creative misery, which also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet, at the end of the Day, as an artist, Kurosawa did not stop delivering what he was notorious about, with his plays: the strength of the human spirit in the face of adversity. The fact that his background is a bit more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it is not Kurosawa's fault at all. <br /> <br /> The material in Dodes'ka-den absorbs, but not in ways You usually find the director, and mostly because it is driven by character rather than plot. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to intertwine them in a coherent whole. The character that starts in the picture, oddly enough (although grateful, since there is not much room for him to grow), is Rokkuchan, a brain-damaged mankind who goes all day to make tunes. the title), just sometimes to pray for his mother. But then we leave: there is the father and son, the latter who make restaurants for food and the former who continue with the site-specific descriptions of his dream home; An older man died after him, and we later learn that he has lost much more than he will tell most people, including a woman who has passed with him; a shy, quiet woman who works in the service of her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure) rape her; and a gentle man in a suit that has a constant facial expression and a big mean woman - to those who care. <br /> <br /> There are also small markers of people around these characters, like two drunks who stumble around every night, like clockwork, big demands on their spouses, sometimes (inadvertently) they swap! And there is the friendly businessman on the bike who has a sweet but strange connection with the shy silent woman. And of course there are a group of gossiping ladies sitting in the middle of the slum around a waterhole. They have nothing too good to say to anyone unless it is something erotic with a man. First, notice how Kurosawa puts the picture; It's a little after-apocalyptic, and doesn't look to a specific time or place (it's up to a few shots that we see modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people are tragic, meant to be uncovered by dramatic power. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is analyzing the broken emotions of people, especially with one scene when the deadly man with hollow, sad eyes sits in the silence of the cloth, while a woman goes with it. <br /> Sometimes there is charm, and even a few laughs, to be with these people. I might even ironically enjoy the little moments with Rokkuchan (specifically with Kurosawa's cameo as a street painter), or the uncomfortable silence with the man with the visual techniques. But while Kurosawa gives his actors room to improvise, his camera moves are still as they always were, but vigilant, with wide compositions and claustrophobic shots, shield visions and faces sometimes with the styling of a silent drama meant as a weeper. . In the midst of these sometimes bizarre and famous stories, with some of them (ie the father and son in the car), it is especially sad, Kurosawa raises his film and designs the color scheme as his first one in Eastmancolor, as one of his paintings are. Lush, spread, sometimes spill over the seams, but always with any control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; It is as if the abstract full straw has come into the scene, where things look alive, but much darker below. It is a brilliant, difficult two-edged sword that allows the dream-like intonations with such heavy drama. <br /> <br /> With a lovely movie score, Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran), and some excellent performances by the actors and some indelible plays in a fantastic career, Dodes'ka -It's in its own way a small work of the director, yet perfect on his own terms, as with many Kurosawa dramas such as Ikiru and Rooi Baard, hold hard truths on the human condition without too much sentimentality.
