Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon did two films within two years. One is considered one of the great romantic films of all time, and the film that Olivier made a great movie star (and played Oberon's best role): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The other is this film made a year earlier in England. THE DIVORCE OF LADY X is a romantic comedy (if WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic barrister, but is also a total misogynist. One night he goes to a hotel just before a crowd. It is a very foggy night (the kind of peacock that London was known to include a notorious "killer" manure in the 1950s), and the crowd (who attended a hotel in the hotel) needed beds. The management tries to get Logan to sleep one or two social ladies on a couch and a daybed in his rooms, but he refuses. But he didn't count with Leslie Steele as Merle Oberon. The granddaughter of a high court, she manages in Logan's rooms and manipulates him not only to sleep with her, but adjusts his bed (he goes on the couch - much to his discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day they share a breakfast, and in the small ones it is clear that despite his mistrust of women Logan, Leslie is very attractive. But she refuses to tell her her name. She is determined to learn more about him, and she finds his attitude toward women disturbing. Meanwhile, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. Mere suspects his wife, Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes), has a relationship. In fact, he told Logan her Ladyship was with her lover in the hotel that Logan knew he was at night of the mist. Logan (of course) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go further into the plot, except to say that Leslie finally realized what made a mistake Logan made, and decided to use it to teach him a lesson on women. <br /> <br /> The writing has the feel of a Wodehouse novel, but is lighter. Yet the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are both beautiful. It shows what a good throw with even the slightest material can do. Look at some of the little scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, complaining about his poor coffee to his butler / valet, who tells him properly (they have been using personal for years). Whether Olivier deals with a young clerk in his office, who is sure there were two Lady Meres in the office two minutes before (there was, but Oberon and Barnes left together) and eventually thought the poor clerk was a simplification. Or the waiter in the hotel who can't understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly shifting from a man to a woman to a man. As I said, a little charming comedy - but it's very charming.
