Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga Tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on Leiji Matsumoto's original work. <br /> <br /> What little of the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999 knows is only published in 1970 as a popular manga and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is in the same Star Wars-type spatial universe as Matsumoto's other well-known space manga: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, space pirate Harlock and other characters from that manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) perform in GE999. GE999 was a success as a manga and was soon followed by a popular anime series that included more than 100 episodes. It was broadcast in 1978. A year later, this anime movie, which is not a sequel to the series, comes in but summarizes the main points of the story in two hours. <br /> <br /> The story is in unknown Star Wars type future where travel to different planets has become a possibility. People of the future can have mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, perhaps even forever. The chief, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young boy testifying how a brutal Count Mecha, whose entire body was made of mechanical parts, kills Tetsurô's mother. Tetsurô swears revenge and is convinced that he can only achieve it by having a mechanical body. To get it, he has to travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. But as Tetsurô comes out of poverty, he has no money to get the expensive ticket. At a coincidental coincidence, he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who corresponds to his dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket for Tetsurô provided she accompanies him on his journey. And so the journey begins? <br /> <br /> I only saw this movie last October, about six months from now, and again yesterday. I feel that I must first tell you about the thing that made me the most in the movie: it seems very rushing. Then again what can you expect from 2 hours of movie trying to tell the highlights of over 100 episodes long? Either way, the situations change with fast speed and Tetsurô meets other important characters in the story, mostly through a sheer chance. I feel that makers had to either leave something or include extra 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no argument that GE999 has earned its place as an anime classic. The animation itself, very true to the style of Matsumoto's manga, is detailed and beautiful to look at. Even after nearly 30 years of its release, the animation has not become 'obsolete', but it later shuts anime movies. The music by the movie is nice to listen to, even though it is a bit "old" today (it was the 70's at the time). I didn't hear any English dub of this movie, so I can only comment on the Japanese sound that is good. Stem actors give life to their characters, the most memorable Masako Nozawa (especially known as the voice of Goku throughout the Dragon Ball saga) as excited and young Tetsurô and Masako Ikeda as the calm and mysterious Maetel. The supporting characters are not left in the shade but also have their own life, most memorable for me as waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for both those looking for a few hours of entertainment, as well as those who are looking for a deeper look. GE999 is an entertaining adventure movie, but can also be seen as Tetsurô's boy-to-male journey. The whole film is told from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think many people can relate to Tetsurô because, despite the fantasy elements, he is a very realistic character: young, hot-headed, uncomfortable and naive. We follow him as he begins to see differences between people and machines and concludes whether he wants the mechanical body or not. Maetel, on the other hand, remains a mystery in the film and even in the end, when she reveals who and what she really is, it doesn't respond much to anything. Maetel can be seen as a dream of a growing young man, always close but just out of reach. <br /> <br /> This is the weird but beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel who still talk and wake up questions and fascinate after the decades. People argued if their relationship was with two friends, of mother and son, or of two possible lovers (who are very critical, as Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsurô has not yet reached puberty). Without any way to sound deep, I think the best term to describe them is "soulmates". There is no doubt that the two devotees, caring and loving feel to each other, but it goes beyond that of friendship, family and lovers. I think if they were in any of those categories, they would take something out of the whole movie and characters. The end scene, even if you know what is going to happen, is still very touching and memorable. <br /> <br /> All in all, despite the rush of plot and some cliffs, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 has its place. as an anime classic among the films such as Katsuhiro Otomo's AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii's GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995). The film was directed by Rintaro, who had previous work by Leiji Matsumoto's works, as he worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later Rinatro has a wonderful look at METROPOLIS (2001) which also explores the difference between people and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic to be seen at least once by every anime fan.
