I walked here a few years ago while channel was navigating on a Sunday afternoon. Although obviously a TV movie from the 1970s, the direction and the score were good enough to get my attention, and I was indeed addicted and had to see it to the end. I recently got the opportunity to buy a strange DVD from this movie (oops, didn't notice that a household eventually occurred a few months), and was delighted to see it again (and in his whole). <br /> <br /> I don't quite understand the phenomenon, but somehow the 70s look like horror movies that are actually scary. The decades before the 70's produced beautiful shooting films and most of our enduring horror icons, but are they really scary? No, not much. Just like in the 1970s, we got horror movies that are cooler, exciting, have much better production values ​​and sophisticated special effects, are more fun, harder, effective "jump" moments and some very creative uses of gore, but again. They're not sorry! There is just about the atmosphere of the 70's horror movies. The granular film quality. The terrifying dark scenes illustrated by large hi-tech lighting fixtures. The "edge of dreamland" has dampened the quality of the dialogue and the odd EQ'd scores. The strange feeling of discomfort and ugliness that permeates everything. Everything that works to undermine most of the 70's movies, in the case of horror, works in his favor. <br /> <br /> Specifically, in this film, the silent, intense shots of the devil's dog staring at people are justified. unnerving. So much more effective than having the more obvious route to growing the dog, slavery and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). The filmmakers save it wisely when the dog appears in its full-fledged supernatural form. The consequences when it happens, while being unsophisticated according to today's standards, literally gave me cold fever. The bizarre, vaguely defined, "I'm not quite sure what I see", looks intuitively looking more like a true supernatural vision, rather than the hyper-real, crystal clear optical printer / digital component of the latter horror films. . <br /> <br /> While the human characters in this movie aren't as satisfying as their nemesis or the world they live in, the actors all do a decent job. The connection between the brother and sister of the "Heksberg" movies, yes, brother and sister, is a little cheesy piece of stunt throw, but it goes well. Yvette Mimieux always manages to be entertaining if it's unseen. Richard Crenna deserves more and more empathy from the audience as the film progresses. His self-confidence as if he was wondering if his family's alien truth was due to a supernatural plot or whether he was merely succumbing to paranoid schizophrenia, was fairly well treated, although his thought that a routine physical process might explain he is experiencing is absurd in his naivete. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie's The End-Question-Mark type is one of the only things I have seen that doesn't feel like a cheap foot, and really reminds me of the choices that these characters face with the next and what they would probably do and how they would feel about it. <br /> <br /> Opponents of this movie may say it's just an object-length vehicle for some neato glowing retina shots, but hey, you can say the same thing about "Blade Runner". :-)
