This film is a spicy little piece of movies made by Sam Fuller, giving Richard Widmark the chance to show off his best, most edgy acting in the role of McCoy's ship, a temporary thief who is on a military secret. Stunning Candy's (Jean Peters) stumbles on a busy bus. It seems that Candy has a favor for her (ex?) Boyfriend working for the "commies". <br /> <br /> Superficially there is a mystery here about Candy's motives and Skip spends a lot of the movie that sets her motives ??. In fact, at first she seems to first accept that she is a "commie", as far as throwing beer into her face in a bunch of gestures. But the right question is? What happens to Skip? What are his motives, and why does Candy like him so much? Why do we (the audience) like him so much? Basically what the filmmakers have done here creates a very striking "male fatal" in Widmark's character and his performance. Just as the male audience tends to think along the length of a movie such as 'The Big Sleep' or 'The Glass Key', along with the main characters or the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty sight, the filmmakers have created here. a similar dilemma for female viewers. Widmark is attractive, and there is also a charm in his boy insight? but the first two times he meets our leading lady, he robs her and then hits her face. Eventually the question becomes ?? Should zinc sink so low to sell his country for a goat (his comments to the police, like "you are a flag to ME?" We suspect he would like it) or is he just revenge for the murder of his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure the movie will give us a decisive answer either. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's character work deserves special mention ?? here she created a truly indelible character. Fuller isn't afraid to give her enough of "business"? in the form of physical objects she uses to draw the audience into her world, especially her used ties. Another example of Fuller's "business" will be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I've seen elsewhere to use less) using the chopsticks to intimidate Candy. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip offers one of the theater's most revealing "honor among thieves" themes. In fact, Skip has the same kind of comfort and the same kind of accidental relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Capt. Tiger (Murvyn Vye) who has a grudge against him. I loved the scene where he invited the police to their name and gave them a beer when they brought him to his cage. These are the kinds of details that make this movie really feel? whether it is really 'realistic' or that it matters, are completely separate questions. <br /> <br /> All I said I would say is an essential crime movie that shows many of the best and durable features. from the film noir school of movies. A predictable plot is secreted by a host of colorful characters (uniformly well-educated), cheap sets are disguised by the incessant tempo of the movie. The final product feels much more than it's likely. This is the best movie I have seen so far by Sam Fuller and help me better see why he is considered master director? Here he reached a few things I think he was trying to do, but eventually failed to do other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" for very impressive acting styles and really exciting tensions. This is one of Widmark's favorite shows I've seen so far? and Widmark was a talent I was tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary movies I saw with him), similar to Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he probably didn't make so many classic movies .
