'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film by Samuel Fuller, and I was impressed with the directors' easy mixing of B-movies and big-budget aesthetics, even though the story itself was pure shock. Pickup on South Street (1953) was released a decade earlier in Fuller's career. This, of course, was produced on a larger budget by a big-name studio, Twentieth Century Fox. Nevertheless, visual art is still remarkable because there is a somewhat raw, naturalistic element of photography, unlike Dassin's "The Night and the City (1950)" and Kazan's "Panic in the Streets (1950)" by cinematographer Joe McDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller moves the camera so close to its actors' faces that they are out of focus, and directly record the intimate thoughts, emotions, and brief lightings communicated through the most revealing facial features, the eye. Although (unexpectedly) tends to be melodrama, and with just an indication of anti-communist propaganda, "Pickup on South Street" is a strong film noir that succeeds most in its conception of the institution? the underground of New York City. <br /> <br /> If McCoy (Richard Widmark), just outside the prison bags, cuts the wallet of a woman on the subway (Jean Peters), he drops more than he originally negotiated. The woman, Candy, and her cowardly former boyfriend, Joey (Richard Kiley), smuggled the top secret information to the Communists. McKoy unexpectedly received a major role in microfilm. Will he join the MacGuffin to the proper authorities or sell it to the highest bidder? If 'Pickup on South Street' has a mistake, the story is meant to be designed only to strengthen an anti-communist agenda, such as propaganda, like nothing since World War II. Dwight Taylor, who provided the story, also features The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), the only propagandist film of the series. For no obvious reason, any identifiable character ?? even the smugly self-serving Skip McCoy ?? eventually becomes a self-sacrificing patriot, the transformation predictable from the beginning. In the traditional film noir, the unjust criminal always gets his coming, the rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they served their country; Patriotism cleans the slate cleanly. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor I really start to hold, plays the haughty bag of calm, but always with that hint of discomfort that suggests he is biting more than he can chew. The opening scene on the train is the best film of the movie, as McCoy looks breathless and silent in the handbag of his victim, recalling Bresson's "Pickpocket" (1959). "Thelma Ritter is great as a tired street woman who will give information to someone who is willing to pay for it (although she obviously pulls the line at Commies). Jean Peters was well thrown as the trashy lady overtook information on the other side, the role playing almost completely without shine; Fuller allegedly threw the actress on the perception that she had the slight arch of a prostitute. Nonetheless, Peters must experience a confronted love affair with Widmark that really lowers the film's attempts at realism. Fascinating, due to his release, "Pickup on South Street" as Communist propaganda was condemned by the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned it because it was exactly the opposite. Go figure.
