Sam Fuller's outstanding PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is the choice of a number of early 50's Cold War impact on low-budget noir vehicles. With a running length of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is sturdy, eager, explosive and endless entertainment. <br /> <br /> Widmark stars as sacchar, McCoy, who has been picked up three times. Still, McCoy can't keep his staggering fingers out of trouble - and the trouble is exactly what he slides in when he enters the wallet of the mollie Candy (Jean Peters) wallet. Candy's purse contains a role microfilm valuable for the Communist movement, and it's her last work for former boyfriend Richard Kiley to make the delivery. However, when Widmark puts it light, Peters has to do everything necessary to claim the movie she initially knows nothing about. <br /> <br /> It's a nice setup, with Widmark's character, while it's not psychoactive. of KISS OR DEATH, a real live thread, unpredictable and difficult but curious charm. When Bogart or Mitchum went into a movie noir roll, you knew what you're going to get: a lonely anti-hero who retains and wins his moral integrity In the end (Bogart), or an exaggerated laconic man who allow to be pulled into a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark you just don't know what you're going to get, and with its amazing modern style (its movies always keep up), it's great to watch. Here he is torn to make a big score for himself by selling the film, or handing over to the police and fighting the "Commision" on the right of the law. And he still has to pretend he's never packed Peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his cloth. <br /> <br /> Peters gets her best role as the pure-acid gold-Candy. Widmark's unpredictability is perhaps best expressed in his scenes with Peters; The beautiful tramp fast (and quite amazing - the romance angle is slightly rushed) falls under Widmark's game, but Widmark alternates between kissing or hitting her. Peters' sharp beauty, but lacking in over-dyed Hollywood luster (Lana Turner would never have worked in this role), is an important asset to the film. Candy is not innocent, but she is very vulnerable, being constantly beaten among the men. Widmark knocks her cold at the first encounter and wakes her by throwing beer over her face, but at the final act he is much more angry with her (after devising half an overnight from Kiley). The scene in hospital with Peters and Widmark shouldn't work, but do it. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is brilliant as chair Moe, deserving of her Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything in the movie, is frank, really and sadly honest. Her death scene is beautiful. Fuller's camera movements and location settings are particularly interesting. Fuller had a good close-up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of awkward, rocky shots that only enhance the tension of the plot. Fuller is not afraid to make the camera offensive for longer than the standard Old Hollywood, but got away from Ritter's death scene to give the audience the maximum impact. The urban spaces and unusual, facing camera angles give PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold, uncompromising modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
