Samuel Fuller is hardly one of America's major directors. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of Hollywood's great craftsmen. But he certainly stands up there with the best of Hollywood's true professionals who were willing to march into their own music. During the time he worked for Hollywood studios, he knew how to take on a mission, form the material that was handed over to him and change it quickly and effectively into something that is usually better than his parts. .. timely and on budget. Pickup on South Street is a point in the point. On the surface it is still one of Hollywood's early fifties anti-Commie movies, complete with appeals for patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and a slimy (and overwhelming) bad guy. Fuller turns this bag of Hollywood cliches into a naughty, exciting drama with any number of off-kilter twists. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a three-time loser, a small villain with soft fingers who doesn't change his stripes to the end. The girl in the canopy, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to cross if you are so inclined. One of the most enjoyable characters, Moe Williams, is a stool. And in an unusual approach to Hollywood's struggle against commissions, appeals to patriotism fall on deaf ears; the hero is not motivated by anything so aggravated. He just wants repayment for a personal reason, and is exciting ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> Plus, all the actors are mostly assigned to Fuller by the studio. He had to do it. Richard Widmark has now established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a fine portrait of a woman sexy and stupid, and no better than her boy friends ... or her clients ... want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who later becomes a Tony-award-winning star on Broadway, is convincingly smooth and cowardly. It is hard to remember that he was the actor who attributed to us. This means that we announced the "Impossible Dream" of Man of La Mancha. <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this story of a suitcase that picks a purse in a subway car and finds itself with microfilmedic secrets rather than cash, pursued by the Feds and the Commissions , moving straight with a big economy. The whole business, with a classic noir look, only takes 80 minutes to tell. The dialogue, with Fuller as scriptwriter, has that party, a spicy, delicate, hard-boiled pulp style. "That muffin you've messed up ... she's okay," one character says to hit Candy. Fuller just moves us fast enough from scene to scene to keep us hanging on next. Then Fuller throws in the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly the story comes to a whole new level of interest, part of the comedy relief and part of the unfortunate inevitability. <br /> <br /> The thing I like best about the movie is how the opening illustrates Exeter's talents and strengths. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting directly after the credits, Fuller is able to use the movie immediately, to determine what the story is about and to show us which characters - Skip and Candy - we're going to get involved again be at. And he does so with so much enticing curiosity in the hot, packaged metro car we can only feel. Fuller puts the hook to catch us. <br /> <br /> According to me, Glenn Erickson says one of the best film critics: "In what is an inconspicuous story, Sam Fuller defines his peculiar view of Americanism from below: stiff neck, aggressive self-interest that, when he is fully expressed, acknowledges what is wrong and what is right and is not afraid to fight for it, as always in his work, the individuals who are fighting hardest for their country are those who will probably benefit from the effort "He's right, and it still makes a movie live after 55 years.
