Pickup On South Street is one of the most brilliant movies ever made. An example of directing: When Candy (Jean Peters) goes through her purse and notices her wallet is missing, an alarm goes off in the background in the building she is in - as if it is an alarm in her head. It's not cartoonish - it's subtly woven in the background in a way that hits you on a subconscious level until you've seen the movie a few times and just "click" that there is an alarm clock when its franties start Richard Widmark is at the top of his game as a smart alec - he's really great - but the highlight of the movie was the first scene for Moe. the street maker / informant, played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in her apartment you don't see a movie - you see a real person. I have never seen anyone, such a reality I felt as if I was in a real room until Ritter's performance - until the way her hair protruded a little when she removed her hat. <br /> <br /> About a million other things have just worked, * of the way Lightning Louie picks up money with his chopsticks as Candy's jewelry clicks when she flees from Moe's hand away from her pants. on which Moe gets the dollar and the change from the police captain over the FBI's chest - and even the way the captain opens his filing case, as he did in that room for years. "Pickup On South Street" is detailed (directing) movements with complete performances (acting) and beautiful nostalgic visuals of the day, such as the panel truck, the boards leading to the water pouring out, the stump truck. and the memorable place. Wonderful things. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies where, although the characters are not perfect, you care for them - perhaps because they are slightly branded by their passing in difficult ways. is to escape: Save as a "three times loser" and Candy as a young woman who has a bunch of "knocks". If these people behave a little more badly than you would expect, these are new ways that you look at people you would never imagine - and yet you know they are possible because the actors make them so recognizable human.
