After the failure of "The Crusades" at the checkout, Cecil B. DeMille stopped filming about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years were about our history of Jean Lafitte until World War II (Dr Wassell). The first in sequence of production was this movie, with Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought at Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok.) In particular, the film takes the history of the US after the Civil War. Lincoln was shown at the beginning about what the next step Lee has given up. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the west (more on this point later). Then he announces that he should go to the theater. That 14th of April had been a lot to Abe - in Virginia City he gave a pardon to Errol Flynn on the same date. <br /> <br /> Actually, while Lincoln was worried about the West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his Presidency, was about the re-election of former Confederate states and that is citizens as soon as possible in the Union. It was Reconstruction that focused its attention, not the west (except for the problems of Maximillian and his French controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in the real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent General John Pope, the loser to Second Manassas, to Minnesota to launch a serious Indian war by the Sioux (the subject of McKinley Kantor's novel, "Sprit Lake"). Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson, turned out, however, it is quite effective, and the uprising was broken. <br /> <br /> But with all of Lincoln's real attention to Western issues, it's unlikely to say (as Cooper repeated at least once), "The border should be safe." There's nothing to say he could It has not said it, but it is hardly a pronouncement of a leading statesman. As said, Teddy Roosevelt said: "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." This is not a profound statement of policy. This is at best a statement of recognizable fact. Cooper changing it into a small mantra, like Lincoln's version of the Monroe doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of the way DeMille's scripts really have bad mistakes from common sense in them. <br /> <br /> However, this is not a mess. "The Plainsman" is an adventure movie, and as such it is the full advantage of DeMille, the writer of the spectacle. As such, it is worth looking at. But not as a textbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his repeatable legacy.
