Kim Basinger stars as Della, a housewife who has two children (Terri and Tammi played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and an abuse for a man (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on her way home from work, I also drive a nice car. He is on his cellphone and argues with a business partner I will adopt. When he gets home, he sees that the floor is a mess with shoes and toys. It makes him even more angry and he takes up with his wife, Della, and asks her why the house is always a mess. He spit her on the wall. The twins watch off the stairs. He pushed the wall, left a hole in it and walked away. She tends to comfort the children. After all this, she has to go to the mall to do some shopping and because she is out of paper. She gets there and the parking lot is full, because there are many last buyers there. While looking for a parking spot, she sees a car that takes up two spaces and irritates her. She eventually found a place to park, made her way to the truck and let a note under the wiper call the owner a selfish jerk. Then she goes to the mall to do her last minute shopping. <br /> <br /> When she eventually leaves the mall, it is closed and many people have already left. Not the owner of the car, but she left the letter and she noticed it on the way to her vehicle. She also noticed that the note she had left under the sink was no longer there. Strange. When she gets to her vehicle, she enters to start it. She noticed a car coming behind her and it shut her off the back. She just gets out of the car to be confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie games by Lukas Haas). She handed him the letter and a post from his friends. Yelling ensues and a mall policeman (no, not Paul Blart) make their way to see what the problem is, just to let his brain out of his head by Chuckie. While this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, starts it and drives over the median in front of her. Chuckie and his mail bounced in his car and chased. Della landed her vehicle in a log cabin on a housing development, but she was unharmed. She drives it to the rear of her vehicle, opens the hatch, and grabs a toolbox before the thugs arrive. <br /> <br /> With that, Della spends the rest of the night trying to run the thugs and just protect the tools she has in her toolbox. The first death is, according to me, the best. The first kill Della does anyway. The latter was probably the worst and it had to be the best since it was the main bad guy she was doing. <br /> <br /> I will admit that there will be a few that have been completed, buy the end and I dropped myself a little. Overall, however, it was a fun movie and moved nicely together, as it was 1 hour and 20 minutes running.
