Gordon Parks, the productive black Life magazine photographer, made a real ticking time bomb of a movie here - one that doesn't break! Based on the true story of two NYC policemen, later called Batman and Robin. They used radical tactics to clean up their drug environment, and this is a cop-buddy movie before the term has become a recurring formula. Lightning, there is not one unimportant throw away scene here. <br /> <br /> Man, early 70's, NYC had to have been a terrible place to be a police officer, from the appearance of movies like this and Serpico. These two policemen are starting as security deputies, who in their spare time are blowing out traders in clothing. But instead of receiving applause from the city police, they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their peers. They have to follow up on a minefield of police and legal corruption, set up, with the aim of keeping them from work on the streets, relentless drug jugs and a nasty ghetto environment. <br /> <br /> Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in the lead; Part of the entertainment looks at Leibman's eyes rotating in every scene in a flawless comic performance, and Selby's play is low and furious. These two make all the comedy aspects of the story work - which shows tangible frustration mixed with gutsy determination. Director Parks, already known for his coverage of controversial subjects in his photography, does not shy away from the eagerness of the story. On the contrary, the film is uncompromising in portraying the toughness of the world of police and street criminals who inhabit these two men. The fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg were designated as technical advisers for the film, was part of this realism, and even appeared in surrealist roles as two fellow officers mocking the protagonist. It is a real tribute to the effectiveness of Parks' direction that it is able to balance this depressing maize with fine comedy. Why did MGM / UA put it on the shelves for 30 years - barely giving it a home video or DVD release in the US? It is a small masterpiece from the 1970s.
