Before there was Crash, there was this interesting movie called Grand Canyon. It was released about 14 years earlier than the former film. Grand Canyon was a film about two people from different backgrounds who come together with friends over time. For me, Crash was a slightly better movie, but the Grand Canyon wasn't a bit too much. <br /> <br /> In a higher class attorney, Mack (Kevin Kline), a high school attorney takes a shortcut through the sea-side side of the town just to break his car at the worst time. He asks for a trailer, and has to wait a while, just to threaten a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the trailer driver arrives at the right moment, and Simon's (Danny Glover) trips to take the truck away. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get himself, Mack and the car. It is from this time that a friendship between the two men developed over a lifetime with Mack helping Simon, just as Simon had helped him out of a dangerous situation. You see Simon's sister Debora (Tina Lifford) living in a dangerous environment with her two children and fears for her eldest son walking around the streets in the mornings with some bad people. Mack offers them a better place to live as well as join Simon with his secretary's friend, Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the movie, but there are other smaller sites that include the same (Mary Louise Parker) secretary, as well as Mack's wife, Mary McDonnel, who discovered an abandoned baby, not long after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto played in his first role-playing role) camped for the summer and probably will soon continue with his own life. The details of all these plots are brought into one complex movie that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to reconcile all the different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and helps a lot with the flow of the story. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest movie to date was The Big Chill, created a wonderful movie here. The movie is excellent, and most ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately it does not come from greatness, because some points, which made the film even stronger, become glossy. The story of the secretary is one, and the second is Simon's cousin. These screens had to deviate more from the whole story, and then Lawrence Kasdan's view of life between the upper and lower classes might be more at a better level rather than just good. Still Grand Canyon surpasses expectations, and yes, you will have a view on the canyon after which this movie is named. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as a producer of violent films, Davis, who offers his own views on life, and has a small role to play in the film's ideas.
