If you really want to know how most of the actors and directors in the Hollywood scene "made it" where they are, the vast majority will tell you that they have a strange coincidence. They met the right people at the right time and came into the right project that led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took an acting class that the instructor Harvey Keitel knew. Kevin Spacey recorded a backdrop of an old old woman on the reading of a famous playwright who helped him play an important role. And Robin Williams earns his career from Gary Marshall's son who, after seeing "Star Wars", suggested to his father that a stranger visit the Cunninghams of "Happy Days". These coincidences, often regarded as pure happiness, form much of Hollywood's careers today. Or is it pure happiness? Is there anything else going on? Written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, "Grand Canyon" represents a completely different explanation for the inexplicable, also the odd, miraculous coincidence. The film relates to different characters whose lives cut because of positive and inexplicable events. <br /> <br /> Middle-aged Kevin Kline is experiencing a breakdown in one of LA's most dangerous areas. After having a trailer, a young gang charges him. They threaten violence if he does not leave his car. Just before the confrontation can rise, Danny Glover appears as the tractor driver and murders the intent of the gang. Although Glover later denied it, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent films is shot in the leg and after wards has a spiritual experience. He then announces retirement from the production of blood and gore entertainment. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), finds a baby hidden in some leaves on a morning hunt. She claims the baby was crying for her and her baby's "rescue" was predicted. <br /> <br /> The film explores the results of these strange connections that lead to further relationships, relationships and new beginnings. . And all the while, a strange homeless man appears throughout the movie as if he is also connected to everything that goes on. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or for film in general, to explore such a pure esoteric subject. There are a few moments that look a bit incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the film work is the wonderful acting role of the film. Although the miracles and coincidences may be forgotten, the actors believe that they are experiencing these new realities. Perhaps this is a topic we need to explore more often.
