I visited Grand Canyon earlier this year when I set up a top ten list of the 1990s. I only saw the movie when I was 17. How did I hear about it? It was reviewed by Siskel & Ebert in 1991 and is highly recommended. I caught it later on video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing film, about the power to listen, truly listen to one another. I saw it six times, and it entertained and inspired me with every subsequent look. But why are the poor reviews for this movie? Maltin's film guide gives it two out of four. Too melodramatic, too much coincidence, too juicy, are the expressions I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there is also very coincidence. But it delivers with an intensity and power that looks supple. For all the "plots" that occur in the Grand Canyon, such as a shooting, a police chase, an earthquake, a love affair, a woman's discovery of a baby in the bush, a shooting, a accident by a new driver and worldly council of a homeless man wins this movie because of the clever performances of Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. It also succeeds because of Lawrence Kasdan's skillful direction and writing. You know it's not just another movie if you see a series at the beginning of the movie, which means Kevin Kline is being harassed by four black youths. Danny Glover plays a trailer driver who helps the Kline character, but not before being harassed by the leader of the forest. Listen to the dialogue as the child suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me because of me or because I have a gun?". <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is filled with one acting scene after another. Steve Martin had to be nominated for the best supporting actor as a film maker who has a change in heart and then a subsequent change of mind. I think his character is a warning that good can carry us forward. Idealism is a virtue, but one for which we must constantly fight rather than be dependent on it. <br /> <br /> I fear Grand Canyon may be lost forever in the desert of non-new releases in the video store. But with the deals that are now as low as 99 cents on older issues, I plead with anyone who has read it in a review of a reviewer who will resign after hiring it. Grand Canyon is something special. If you loved Magnolia, another movie with a big ensemble about deep humanist themes, you'll also love Grand Canyon.
