I can't say how the movie follows the novel, and never read the book, but as it lasts about six and a half hours, it's a good bet that most of the base is covered or at least we can say <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are high, well on the standards of other BBC classic series such as Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes. We can believe that Dickens' London watched, sounded and thought a lot. There is occasional slight death - a sportsman who shot a pistol with a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820, or when it happened. <br /> <br /> The play has also been supplemented. Suzanne Burden is the polite and honest heroine who is quietly going to do good. She is also cute, in a mature way, her beauty in her compassionate nature, not in any flirtatious. Denholm Elliott is her guardian (and more than that, as it turns out). Burden and Elliott are two of the few characters who are in an unobstructed way. Another is a former sergeant who was forced to do evil by the bad people. Another is a poor and helpless young boy. <br /> <br /> I don't think anyone else could have written it. It has all the remarks of Dickens - poverty, tragic deaths, mourning capitalism, the generous rich man in his home, hidden parenting, shadow motives, and the impotence or absolute malice of the justice system. Well, not the legal system as a whole, but the chancellor, who was apparently a court that decided to do business with the division of property. (So ​​I am collecting from Wikipedia.) It has become so notorious and solid that it was thoroughly rebuilt in England in 1973. Twice Elliott's character describes it as a curse. The most impressive scene involves a debt lender who teaches a retired soldier in the latter's gym during a fence. The sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other male character I remember of Dickens. The pharmacist and tenant shouted threats from his seat and the sergeant turned to him and did a delicate exercise with the saber to the other, every promotion that brought him closer to his evil, while the scarlet-confronted old creditor shrank back in his seat . <br /> <br /> A few things are missing. Often, Dickens will keep at least one or two entertaining rules in dialogue. ("Humbug!" Or "The law is an ass.") Not here. "Bleak" house is the right title. Secondly, there are virtually no Weberse "ideal types" - no Mr. Micawbers or Artful Dodgers or Scrooges. Third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is relentlessly lost. One tribulation follows the other, usually with money or a shameful peccadillo from the past. <br /> <br /> My God, it's depressed. It's as if the writer evacuated his spleen on everything he hated in the world he knew. Poverty, okay. He knew poverty. But one wonders what the chances for Dickens have done to earn this kind of treatment. Perhaps I should add that I just watched the first episode of the 2005 series - and it's better in two ways. There is more zipper in the direction, so the pace is a bit faster. And the business of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce is explained to be satisfactorily obvious, instead of hiding in the shadows like this mysterious "curse", so the plot is easier to follow.
