This production was made in the mid-1980s and appears to be the first serious attempt to place BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No movie version of the novel has ever been attempted (it is remarkably rich in subplots that are actually inconsistent, so it would be very difficult to prune it). The novel was the only attempt by Dickens to make a central narrator (one in two) a woman, Ester Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in typical Dickens style) abuses her. She is out of wedlock, but they will tell her nothing about her parenting. Later we get involved with the gentry, Sir Leicester Dedlock, and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Lady Diana Rigg) has an increasingly difficult time with her private life and the involvement of the family lawyer Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved in the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's boyfriend) for a long-drawn-out estate cause, Jarndyce v. Winning Jarndyce, who warns everyone (even Richard's cousin John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) is not worth it. effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens was a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before writing fiction. Beginning with breach of promise in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens now looks at the law. Mr. Bumble said it was a hole in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would support that view consistently. He looks at the slums as a breeding ground for crime in TWIST, that the law hardly tries to cure. He attacks the Chancery and outdated estate laws, as well as powerful lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT he attacked the debtors' prisons (he also hit it in David COPPERFIELD). In OUR MUTUAL FRIEND he looks at testers and wills. In the mystery of EDWIN DROED he will apparently go to a murder trial. Dickens was much more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also looks at other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the emerging Scotland Yard detective force, social snobbery in the industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize several people: Leigh Hunt writer, Scotland Yard inspector fields, and even infamous Maria Manning. Most of these points were kept in this fine mini-series version. If it is shown again at a cable station, catch it.
