Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted on this movie evaluated it at 8, 9 or 10, and one user reported six videotapes. (Was it a record, or just a faulty video recorder?). Although the film is primarily intended as a period piece, it clearly has a very unusual fascination. But for one reason or another, I thought it was largely impressed and never felt the urge to see it until recently. My thoughts have been changed by Elizbeth Von Arnim's original book. My wife loves reading, but her face no longer allows her to read much. She borrowed it in the speaking book form. Such books are usually annoying to a companion who is busy with other things, but I gradually realized that this was one seductive sedation, but in no way poisonous and well written. I realized my wife would love to watch the movie and then decide to buy her the videotape. I am very happy to have done so and will definitely recommend the purchase to anyone who appreciates a quiet, non-fireworks reflective work, but with well-built character development and a very successful pre-Mussolini Italian atmosphere. The story is in the immediate post-WW1 era and starts with two married London women who decide to flush their savings and spend their holidays with their families, in a rented villa in Italy. Power of circumstances causes this couple to be linked by two different characters and backgrounds. The theme is substantially more than the interactions that take place as their holidays progress, not only between these four very diverse adult ladies, but also sometimes with a male visitor. If you want action, tensions, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or Harlequin style romance it wouldn't be the movie for you. But IMDb users have jointly and very emphatically demonstrated that none of these is needed for a movie to look highly satisfying, and if you try to try it, you can fall under your beloved movies like I do. <br /> <br /> I'm scarcely watching a movie of a book I already know. In many cases, I find it a lot of fun not to watch the movie, but here there is such a strong visual appeal in the area that I have actually found very satisfied by the expectation of the next segment of the book. see. in front of my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself is part of it. The last time I had this experience was when I watched Boccaccio's Decameron stories on TV.) In general, books of books tend to increase the dramatic level of original work to ensuring that the filmed version has an even greater appeal, but here something has been reduced to give the viewers attention to the gradual character development rather than any background events. It works very well, although changes from the book are few and basically the movie remains true to the original story. Big credit is due to director Mike Newell and all the cast members, especially the well-known British actors who play the four main names.
