Three girls, the latest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of America's royal families, are left at a young age. Before going to France to fight in WWI in France, their father told the elder, Fiona, never to sell the land. By the time the sisters became adults, they had to waste most of their money to pay for lawyers to defend their property. Through certain loopholes in the father's will, a man named Charles Barclay is in possession of the Gaylord country, on which to build a complex, Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who buys land and buildings of affluent families in New York, so he can build Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film deals mainly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona, well-played by Barbara Stanwyck, although definitely not considered one of her best roles, looks like a cold dominant woman, and it becomes clear that she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a bit crazy and in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman's was my favorite film performance. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a prosperous seducer with a monocle who has married noble blood in England, but it doesn't stop her from stealing Gig from her sister. The three sisters are pretty well developed, but the big trend in The Gay Sisters is never good enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He is not very good. Well, he'll be satisfactory if the story played that way, but he always looks like a scumbag in the movie. If we are asked to sympathize with him late in the film, it is impossible. Gig Young is played by, huh ?, Gig Young. No, he doesn't play himself. What happened was that the actor, who had previously performed under several names under his real name, Byron Barr, under pressure from Warner Brothers was changing his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but he eventually changed his nickname to Gig Young, the character he played in The Gay Sisters. Weird, eh? Young is very good at most of the movies, but the writing makes a few unfortunate things with his character in the movie that ultimately detracts from the audience's sympathy. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good. <br /> <br /> The Gay Sisters have great potential to be one of the great films. The characters are all interesting as well as their situations. Unfortunately, the script never strives for anything more than the simplest melodrama. If it made the interrelationships of all the main characters more complicated, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna, or the backstage made more complicated, the movie could have been fantastic. It can also have dropped the prologue, let's know more about the Gaylord family. We need to care more about the characters and we need to be more sympathetic to them. And the end needs some important fix. It basically gives way to the end. Fiona's problems are so badly resolved that it hurts. Whatever the sympathy of her character as the film progressed, it fell apart. It's also too happy. This story looks like a tragedy, or just a sense of historical meaning or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never solved. Just as bad as Fiona's story ends, Susanna's, Gig's and Evelyn's are even worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It is watchful, even if it doesn't involve us like other great movies of the era. 7/10, mostly for its potential. It had to be restored, whether the novel had to be adapted again, at some stage during the studio era. It's too dated to be made again now. The 1950s would have been the best time during movies like Giant.
