I saw Rob Rob twelve years ago. With little money for entertainment, I hired it for my fiance, and I watched a little cold winter night. The movie I wanted was gone, so I rented it, didn't expect much, and was very surprised at how good it was. I recently watched it and loved it every time as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are unfamiliar with the story, it's about the Scottish ban Robert Roy MacGregor, a chat boy and hero. Of the little things I know about the man and his story, freedoms are taken with the facts, but it's a movie, not a handbook, and therefore the filmmakers can be excused. Basically, the story of the movie is that Rob Roy borrows money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle which he then plans to sell and harvest a huge profit. But his plan was cursed when the friend was entrusted with the money, was robbed of the cash and murdered in the bush. Our hero finds himself going after he has not settled the matter with the Marquis, and Maria, his wife, suffers from a sadistic rape in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a smart English man with no soul. Violations result in an incredibly satisfying conclusion, and Rob adorns Archibald like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many good performances in this movie, but allow me to touch a few specifically. Liam Neeson, as usual, is fantastic, a sexy animal, you can't take your eyes off. Honestly, this man is like ice: though he is bad, he is good. His Rob Roy is an honorable man who struggles to provide for those who depend on him, in the best way he knows. Jessica Lange, as Maria, gives this woman a strength, which is a good change from the simple, dull film women who are forced to endure audiences. You just know she doesn't take bs from Rob or anyone else. Tim Roth is completely over the top with his portrayal of the evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All the posturing and preening, combined with a bad dialogue, lead to one of the most memorable movie chords in recent memory. Combine everything and the star work of other supportive players, with the nice painting of Scotland, and you have what one real, really cool movie means. If you haven't seen it, I strongly recommend that you do it.
