The year 1995, when so many people talked about the great premiere of BRAVEHEART by Mel Gibson, also saw a very fine but understated film about the history of Scotland, ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film, especially because of the historical period in which the story takes place, ROB ROY has very much in common, not only with wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the very spirit of epic movies. <br /> <br /> is a movie that discusses similar themes, such as fighting for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family that is a key to happiness. This also leads us to the great happiness of the Scottish Highlands where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by all the greatness of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in epics), kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who is struggling to lead his people out of oppression through cold hearts. Although he worsens his situation, many things have to suffer, two things become unthinkable in his mind: HONOR himself gave and loves his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Apart from the interesting content and rather lively action, the movie is filled with truly amazing footage. This factor should do both with the sets and locations of the film as well as the wardrobe. Many unforgettable moments remain in the mind of any viewer who enables them to gain insight into artistic images. For me, the most wonderful scene in the Highlands was when Rob Roy told his sons what the rights really meant. Then he sends them away and loves his wife. The scene that he escapes Marguis van Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall is also worth a look. <br /> <br /> For example, there is graphical violence, for example in the duel, but I don't think this violence would be as harmful as in many other modern films. His justification is like any other epic: bloodshed and cruelty at those times were very serious and there would be no point in concealing it. The most disturbing scene was the rape on Rob Roy's wife by the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). This is really disgusting and children should definitely stay away. However, all others are O.K. Yet there is one aspect that really loves me for this movie, the performances. <br /> <br /> All the role-players do perfect work, from the leading Lian Neeson who fits well with the role of long, brave, strong Scottish man on the supporting role of Brian Cox, depicting malicious Killearn, a silent witness of terrible acts that feel comfortable with the wickedness of war. Jessica Lange is very good like Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the film. There is chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr Neeson in many of their scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a tremendous job as Marguis van Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is the end in itself. I like the calm of his depiction. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth, who actually portrays a spectacular side of his character, Archibald - a man who loves love, who loves war and who finds true lust in rape and slaughter. But, as in any good epic, this extraordinary evil must find its end ... <br /> <br /> And another aspect: the musical score: such unforgettable and sentimental melodies that have sounded in the ears long ago. The final moment touched me not only on tears because of the beauty it carries, but because I combined these happy songs with the vastness of places. Scotland is at the heart of its visitor and this film reminds me of the permanent effect. It was, as if, my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very nice film, very well-directed, photographed and performed. It may not be BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and crowds of extras in combat screens, but it is a fairly long film with much attention placed on one very important feature. A Cinema needs: wonderful entertainment combined with genuine education. I really enjoyed that movie, don't hesitate to call it metaphorically "highland of entertainment" and rate it 9/10
