Too bad for this fine movie that it had to be released the same year as Braveheart. Although it's a very different kind of movie, the conflict between Scottish communities and English nobility is also here and there. About 400 years have elapsed between Braveheart's time and Rob Roy, but some have never changed. Scottland is still managed by English eagles, and the highlanders can never seem to get a break. Rob Roy is done well, but not the great epic that Braveheart was. There are no large-scale battles, and the conflict here is more between individuals. And useful, so not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time. Rob Roy is simply a film about those with honor, and those who are really angry. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor tribe and his basic function is to protect and protect the cattle of the local nobleman of record, known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things look pretty rough for the MacGregor tribe as winter approaches, and there is a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy put together a plan to borrow 1000 pounds of Marquis and buy some of his own cattle. He will then sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the general well-being of his community. Sounds good enough, isn't it? Problems arise when two of the Marquisies steal the money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, may be the worst character ever to be put on film. Wonderfully played by Tim Roth, this man is a strange, noble man who was sent to live with the Marquis with his mother. This man is disgustingly effeminate, rude, heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He is a child with a girlfriend and refuses to hold the responsibility. He raped Macgregor's wife and burned him out of his house. This man is really as rotten as movie characters come. Along with another crown of the Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals the money and uses it to settle his own debts. Although it is very painful for most people who have happened, the Marquis MacGregor is still in debt. It sets in conflict that will take many lives and challenge the forces of a man, just to fight for his dignity. <br /> <br /> Forward Spoilers !!!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately for MacGregor's, a duke's no-friend, a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham sets out to resolve the conflict for everyone and everyone. This sword battle is regarded by many as one of the best ever filmed. Cunningham is thought by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the battle, it looks like these features will win. Just when Rob Roy seems to be finished, he turns the tables in a shockingly grotesque way. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy was beautifully filmed, performed wonderfully and played perfectly. The score is also quite memorable. The decisive choices seem to work out like Jessica Lange, who may look like her element, actually in one of the strongest performances as Mary MacGregor. The film is violent, but there are not too many gores. However, it is a funny picture full of deviant behavior. The nobility is largely played as amoral and sloppy. The movie has no clear errors, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
