This is the moving story of Scotland's legendary hero Rob Roy, and his struggle with the feudal landowners. Like Braveheart to which it is regularly compared, it is not very historic. In spite of their predominantly fictional nature, I judge both these movies highly and it will be difficult to choose between the two. 13-century William Wallace is, as others noted, a larger national figure than life, while the early 18th century, Rob Roy, is regarded as an honorable but ordinary Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a chief, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish Highlands residence with his wife, Mary and their two young boys. As the movie begins, he and his fellow clan chase some thieves who stole the local Lord's cattle. Rob Roy then wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so order to borrow a thousand Scottish pounds from a local nobleman, the Marquis of Montrose, to buy herds for herds. He temporarily gave this money to his friend Alan McDonald. When both McDonald and the money are missing, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose, as well as his contemptuous protégé, Archibald Cunningham, and his messy factor, Killearn. Rob Roy's honor is also tested when Montrose tries to engage him in false testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyle. He wants to accuse him of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as the tilted highlander Rob Roy, an intelligent, virile and noble hero and a man whose honor is the key to this story. Personally, I feel it's Neeson's best performance, his brogue (though Irish) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man whose word can be trusted. He is a loving man and father, and is constantly faithful to his friend, Mr. McDonald, accused of robbing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth depicts his great adversary, imaginatively, and is certainly one of the most devastating and sadistic shifts, Archibald Cunningham, a selfish, relentless, fiery peacock. He is very effective for someone who makes his big business to win the local women, whether willing or otherwise. The pathetic Cunningham is constantly referring to the fact that he is unaware of his own father's identity, although it does not justify his terrible injustices of murder, rape and theft. He also mercilessly throws away the young servant, Betty, after she conceived with his child, which resulted in her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and flight Montrose, who is eventually implied to be Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The movie is basically the most believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife, portraying the passionate relationship between Rob. Roy and Maria. Those who question the presence of passion within the marriage should see this man and woman! I think the phrase used by this couple, "How good are you for me ..." is surely one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all movies. <br /> <br /> The most compelling show is possible by Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Lack of makeup, she has the beautiful but natural look of a solid farmer woman and mother. The actress gives great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the contemptuous Cunningham while the disgusting Killearn watches. Her dialogue is simply expressed, but full of pride and grace. I give Hollywood the result that once they have shown enough in the rape scene to reveal its cruelty as well as Mary's pain and humiliation, but did not want to sensationalize. Their family member, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional anxiety when he learns about Maria's rape and continues to swear secretly to never reveal her offense to Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie features the beautiful scenery of the Scottish Highlands, also cute costumes and appropriate musical points. There are no big battle scenes such as in Braveheart, but ongoing engaging action and a particularly gripping sword fight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. It is a fascinating film featuring both tense action and a beautiful love story.
