Michael Caton-Jones' Scottish era piece is unrelated to the Sir Walter Scott novel of the same name ... <br /> <br /> The film opens in Scottish Highlands, with Robert Roy McGregor and his men hunting a bunch of the cow thieves who stole several heads of his crew James Graham. The scene then switches to a swordsman match attended by noblemen with long-haired, adorned shirts, soft-colored coats, palace-make-up and conventional gestures. . <br /> <br /> MacGregor lives under the patronage of a local Marquis of Montrose ... When he enters an unsuitable trade agreement with Montrose, he exposes him to innocent parts of Montrose's malefactors ... The deployment of their perfidy is the most creative and enjoyable part of the movie, although it takes a deviant turn with a violent rape. When Rob Roy is finally forced to rebel against the English soldiers, the action is well understood, ending with the pre-dictable duel between him and an expert with the blade ... Liam Neeson injects heroism and passion for his character ... He is intelligent, righteous and virile ... He carries his height with grace as the Scottish head of a small community ... He is a loving father, a passionate lover, and a noble man who goes through desperate acts turbulent villains are driven. He would rather die than tell a lie or betray a trust. . <br /> <br /> Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the film class the cruel, strong-devoted woman, a proud farmer's wife, brutally raped by an icy psychotic aristocrat. Lange's lines are filled with dignity and integrity: "I will think of your death until my husband makes you so. And then I will no longer think of you. <br /> <br /> John Hurt puts his usual smart touch with character roles to make Montrose more than a greedy Marquis, relentless with money and hardened by the English court's fashion for foppery ... He's a cunning arrogant man with two ominous servants at his service ... Honestly, in his opinion, a beautiful idea ... He has two goals: ruins the reputation of his rival, the Duke of Argyle, and the fleeting MacGregor Hunting ... He sends his soldiers to burn the Highlanders' houses, kill their people and their cattle. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth ?? The perfect antithesis for the hero, is frightening and strangely a beloved enforcer ... He is a strange British aristocrat, a nasty "hired sword", wonderfully angry, staggering and killing his way through the Scottish mist ... She name is Archibald Cunningham ... He turns out to be a liar, a thief and a killer ... He rejects himself as "but a bastard overseas, looking for his fortune and the favorite rs of great men" and therefore it cannot care for anyone else: "Love is a miscarriage and I am a rooster who climbs on it. "He even jokes that he once raped a young boy whom he refused a girl ... Cunningham looks pathetic ... He smiles foolishly and speaks words with affected refinement, but not terribly harmful until a muscular swordwoman insulted him and we discovered that he was a cool head and an expert with a sword ... He really steals the movie with a show that earned him a nomination for best supporting actors. <br /> <br /> And while Brian Cox, as Killearn, has been properly destroyed, Andrew Keir Montrose's rival, the powerful local aristocrat, the Duke of Argyll, is one of the few trusted men McGregor meets outside his own family ... In the 18th century Scotland, and with an atmospheric musical score, 'Rob Roy' is really a love story between a man and his wife, a recognizable human story that is unfairly disappeared by Mel Gibson's 'Braveheart' - actually the same story of provincial resentment of remaining English owners ...
