Ride With the devil, something rich and special, if you can stand the slow development. While addressing a dark, eager topic, the brutal guerrilla war in the American West addressed during its civil war (which caused the old west of the 1870s). The film holds a strange, satisfying, unmanaged atmosphere. What I am referring to is the tendency of movies and lighting to feel the mood you want. But RWTD instead has a relatively optimistic soundtrack, putting the words and actions rather than the manipulation of the viewer's senses. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiasm for this particular area of ​​CW history, I am very impressed with the accuracy of the movie. The diologist has been expertly written (even with subtle humor occasionally) with reference to forest growers and previous boarder camps (Independence, for example ... Far from the Oregon trail!). The minor events that occur at Jake's band are similar to the real events that occurred. Especially the attack when they are thrown into the house, and the destruction of the shop. The battle scenes, though rare, are fairly well executed. It even had the first CW cavalry battle that recently took place on the film. <br /> <br /> Directing shows the talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in subtle ways. For example: The character of Black John is shown to evade a Lawrence resident during the massacre: "Where's your army? Who are we to fight!? Who are we to fight?! trio of the Confederate Regulators who stop nothing to stop the bloodbath while the voice continues. You are cowards! "Who are the cowards, really? There are not so many touches in history. There are no great glamorous areas in history. not something that cannot be said of the masterpiece of movie Glory, which was basically fiction in the context of the important events that follow, some of which include the fact that the years as indicated by the events presented do not add up. But you will never see it. A bigger curiosity is the fact that the only African-American man-to-arms character in the movie is the quasi-slave who fights Jake and his confederate woodcutters. blacks there for the Confederate ration, including one that Lawrence investigated for Quantrill before the attack (who would suspect him?). Although this black rebel is a fascinating character (which any Americans might think of him), a single black Union infantryman is not seen in the film, which would be more representative of the black experience in the Western CW . One of the first black regiments of the CW was raised in Kansas (by killer Senator Jim Lane, and before the 54th Mass. Right of fame is organized) and black troops in such struggles as Baxter Springs, KS, have a critical role played. role. <br /> <br /> No clear historical errors. Good, realistic action, which is seldom and not satisfactory. Good direction. This movie may not be the blockbusters who were other recent Civil War, but it is the cleanest work of any.
