Perhaps the war between the states was the darkest hour in America's history; a war that hit brother against family and left scars that have not yet been healed and probably will never. And as in any story about any war, beyond any historical meaning, it is the personal discourse behind the greater conflict that creates the emotional impulse it causes. It is the human element that makes the context essential to give it perspective. That's what director Ang Lee in "Ride With the Devil" offers a drama in the Civil War, focusing on the personal trajectories within the broader depiction of the War itself, and along the way succeeds in examining one of to include the bloodiest chapters of the war, the infamous attack on Lawrence, Kansas, by Quantrill and his raiders, which he manages to be quite objective from the confederative standpoint. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the Union influence dominated the state of Kansas, and even across the border in neighboring Missouri, those with confederate loyalty find it increasingly difficult to hold out against the remaining Northerners, especially without the help of what can be seen as any "regular" Confederate troops. And when things really start to warm up in their own village, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form a bond of their own and join them in the boot, causing damage to the Union wherever possible is. Jack Bull and Jake don't like the War and don't like murder; but they stand up for what they believe to be right. <br /> <br /> There are others among them, such as the young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), who will use the conflict as a personal gain vehicle and as nothing but an excuse for their expressing its own violent nature through unnecessary brutality, in many cases committed against innocent victims. And so, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as many, like them, it becomes a time when loyalty and moral judgment will be difficult to test. a time when their souls will be tempered in blood. And they will have to drive the devil himself at the seemingly insurmountable opportunity. <br /> <br /> As with all his films, director Ang Lee approaches his story through an intriguing but subtle examination of the traditions, cultural aspects and moral attitudes of the people and times he portrays. And thus, Lee gives his audience at least some understanding of his subject beyond the real story and eventually offers a deeper understanding of the motivation that drives his characters and the drama in which they are engaged. Whether it's the traditions and customs that affect the relationship between a father and his daughter ("Drink Drink Man Woman"), the effects of class investigation ("Sense and Sensibility"), the honor and code of life of a fighter ( "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" or the moral ambiguities born of a lack of all of the above (the Ice Storm) add Lee's films with insight into the human condition that brings them to a higher level. This film is no exception; And as he does with all his films, Lee presents his story using breathtaking cinematography (in this film by Frederick Elmes, who also did the Ice Storm brilliantly), which under his guidance is nothing less than visual. poetry. It's that special Lee touch, and it adds a capricious, reflective sense to whatever he tells, which is one of the elements that make his movies so memorable. <br /> <br /> As Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to the film, which effectively contrasts with the maturity he later developed as the story evolves, and its character with it. Most importantly, Maguire responds convincingly and credibly to the events unfolding around him, adding the credibility of the overall film and emphasizing the realism of the presentation: His stoic acceptance of death and the news of those killed in the various skirmishes and battles; the moral trait that those he meets even in such difficult times; the betrayal, which, because of the nature of the conflict, is almost common; and the loyalty and beliefs that he and his companions firmly cling to. This is all Maguire achieves through his performance, and it's not a small thing. However, it is the kind of studied, underestimated performance that is often taken for granted, which is unfortunate. works like this is appreciation, and must be acknowledged. <br /> <br /> Skeet Ulrich is effective as well as Jack Bull and Jewel (in her film debut) making an engaging performance as Sue Lee Shelley. This is Jeffrey Wright, who stands out in a notable supportive role as Daniel Holt as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, causing a chilling Christopher Walken-like threat to his role as Pitt. In addition, Mark Ruffalo has an indelible impression with a very small screen time. The supporting film includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs Chiles). The Civil War will be an open wound on the people forever; But hopefully, as time goes on, it will be through the objective considerations of filmmakers such as Ang Lee and films such as "Ride With the Devil" that will eventually help close the split and promote healing. In the light of more recent events, this is something that is needed worldwide. Film is a powerful medium; It can be educational and entertaining, and in the future, more filmmakers, such as Ang Lee, will embrace and sense unity through the sensitive portrayal of the events and attitudes we make. 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
