Tai Lee's director Ang Lee, whose previous films include 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'The Ice Storm', turned to the American Civil War for his latest feature. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, it follows the exploitation of a group of Southern guerrillas, known as forest winemakers, as they fight their northern equivalents, the jayhawkers in the backwater of Missouri. <br /> <br /> As one would expect, there is a lot of visceral action, but the focus is on the tension that war on the young men who fought it - from whom they are fighting their former neighbors and even family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a man, or rather, son, because he is only seventeen when the war in Missouri comes. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a Unionist, he joins his lifelong friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and drives with the forest growers. Despite a lack of acceptance due to his descent and a reluctance to take part in the murder of unarmed Union men, he remains faithful to the case. So does his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave released by another ranger and so for the south. <br /> <br /> Lee handles the subject with aplomb, and never takes the deep introspection that the plot requires from favor and it gives the film a sense of the reality of the war - long periods of boredom and waiting interposed with occasional flashes of intense scary fighting. The action is unfortunate and incredibly candid and acknowledges that both parties have committed a large number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are excellent, with Maguire and Wright, both brave and dignified. The emerging Irish actor, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, is extremely cool as a cold bloody killer, while Skeet Ulrich is enjoyable and arrogant. Lee never flashes the reality of the war, but his actors do an admirable job of showing the good that comes from it - the growth of friendship, the encouragement of courage and, on a wider scale, the emancipation of oppressed people . Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shocks, but always moves the audience.
