<br /> <br /> In anticipation of Ang Lee's new movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," I saw it at the show and I tried to try it. A civil war movie is not the typical movie I see. Fortunately, however, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie is wonderfully written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but does not sound completely out of place and outdated. The spectacular play helped that aspect of the movie. Toby Maguire was wonderful. I thought he was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here he shines. I've always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also excellent. The big shock to me was Jewel. She was incredibly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I have never heard before, is also excellent in this movie. It seems to me that great acting and good writing and acting go hand in hand. A movie with bad writing makes the actors bad and vice versa. This movie had the perfect combination. The actors look brilliant and the character development is spectacular. This movie keeps you hoping for and hoping for good and bad things for others. It lets you know the characters, who are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex, keeping you on the edge of your seat, guessing, and ready for anything at any time. Literally decades of the time, I was sure someone would be killed on quiet parts of the movie that was too quiet (brilliant direction). It was also a beautiful shooting movie. The scenery wasn't breathtaking (it's in Missouri and Kansas for the good cause), but there was a lot of attention to picking up big natural settings. Has the rough and rough feel, but has an elegance that is very pleasing to the eyes. The movie was deep. It told a story and made you think. It had layers under that out of civil war story. Specifically, it focuses on two characters who were not quite sure what they were fighting for. There were many more in-depth issues dealt with in this movie, too much to find out. It was like a beautifully written short story, filled with symbolism and artistic extras that make you think during and after the story. If you like great acting, writing, lots of action and the best direction ever, watch this movie! Take a chance on it.
