I watched this movie twice on DVD, and both times it did not fit me with its unique, impartial attitude. It looks more like portraying reality than most other Hollywood rates, especially on a subject that is still being discussed. Although it is now with the southern point of view, it is not questioned, and ultimately the only sentence is that the war is lost, no matter what and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <br /> What really makes this movie is the refusal to dramatize. Nowadays, really good movies (in a nutshell) are little and far apart, with the mainstream price enjoyable (if you don't have high expectations), but terribly commercially enthusiastic. I think this movie comes down as a real good movie (without being a masterpiece) because it sticks to itself and gives the viewer the opportunity to see and analyze it, rather than having it with effect and emotion. to bombard his intelligence. This film is cool, conspicuous and generally light in its judgment, which is good. <br /> <br /> The story has its faults, especially Jewel's character comes from questionable, but then the situation was so chaotic then that it might just be logical for a young widow to somehow return to turn into a normal life, even by taking each next man freely. Yet she didn't come out so badly, I actually believe she is one of the stronger characters. She always has control over the relationships, with the men just tagging. And I am very grateful that she is not a crying widow. I believe in the 19th century death of a loved one was something much more normal than now. You can easily die of even minor illnesses and injuries, so the prospect of someone dying while certainly causing sadness has not traumatized people as they do now. People apparently didn't build sacred logs over their lost as they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is for intelligent people to watch this movie if they are in the mood for something other than the usual Hollywood prize. Don't watch if you want non-stop action or heart-hire emotion.
