One of the less widely praised of recent Asian action cases. Gojoe is an initially slow and often inquisitive but overall, wonderful presentation, exciting, low and beautiful. I'm sad to say I know virtually nothing about Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend that surrounds this movie, so its deeper meanings are lost to me, but even without contextual knowledge it's still rich, with a traditional fantasy structure in an impactful, higher plane. The story is from Benkei, a fighter monk and perhaps devil seeking the relief by destroying the devil of Gojo's bridge: Prince Shanao, himself a mortal looking for his own higher plane, but this time the power of demons. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusions and in Benkei's case, uncertainty, a conflict in which the real purpose is self-knowledge, because Benkei must agree with his true nature and that Prince Shanao comes face to face with the nature of what he endeavor to be. Benkei is made even more difficult by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally contrary to the world, even when he is not in open conflict, he is never rested. Director Sogo Ishii handles this one as an epic, at a moderate pace, camera always works stylish and often frenzied, without relieving the need for more sedate moments to lower the location, there is also great use of lighting and Forget about an ethereal atmosphere, there is a lot of space for the film, but beyond the supernatural moments it is a thin and dirty fantasy with more time than the flight of fancy. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important, lively and detailed here, a rich sphere of full affair. Actingwise Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious cruelty as Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a driven, cold arrogance as Prince Shanao. From the lead Masatoshi Nagase around things like an ordinary man, smart and cynical, but still not aware of exactly what the game is. The movie fits all well, but it is sometimes a touch, it starts slowly, some shots are a bit pulled out and the epic battle scenes sometimes go beyond strict. As far as battle is concerned, it is filmed frenetic rather than actual movements, but it has artistic impact, but can disappoint regular action fans, often obscured by objects, blinking blades, and fast moving individuals, who, through deadly power moving is the order of the day. , it is refreshing to watch, but I could have done a little more traditionalism. There are also some unfortunate bloodshed, it works somewhat in the context, but is still distracting. Although I found this to be a nice movie, it is not for regular action fans or swordplay enthusiasts looking for another Azumi, rather a deeper and more mystical animal, and especially the end will not be good sailing with supporters of the more generic wing of such a tariff. But for me it really hit the spot and for those who are more adventurous, it can do the same. Well recommended anyway.
