The Ogre does not seem to have won a good reputation since its release in 1988, and I think a reason is that it gave the subtitle 'Demons 3' to help sell it better. . Well, the movie is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two demons movies, and ogres and demons is somewhat alike (this is both "monsters" anyway) ... but otherwise this movie has no connection with the other two movies. However, this is pretty good! Italian filmmakers are known to snatch popular movies, and while not quite obvious; It seems to me that this one of Hellraiser has had a fair influence. The plot focuses on a female horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is haunted by memories of when she was a child and found an Ogre in her basement. It's not long to move to the castle before these visions come back ... and it can be more than just a coincidence because she believes there is a murderous desert in the basement. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film was shot on a budget and it was made for Italian TV, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; But for what it is, it's definitely a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not have as much eye as his father, Mario, did; but he takes time to build a formal atmosphere that complements the film well. The central area, a large castle, makes the perfect place for a story like this to take place and Lamberto makes the best of it. even if it means it should sometimes be superior movies; like the Inferno-style pool scene. The plot itself is not quite as good as the atmosphere, as several scenes have long been pulled out and the relationship between the characters is pretty strange (especially between the husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava does get a little with the special effects. The ogre itself seems very stupid and it is a good job that we don't see it many times. We do a fitness, if it is highly predictable, ending and overall I have to say that this movie is much better than expected and recommended.
