For anyone who hasn't seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: don't look at 'La Casa dell'Orco' because you won't find it. This movie is not a third installment for the "Demons" series and it has nothing to do with it, except that Lamberto Bava directed them. In fact, Michele Soavi's "The Church" is also known as an unofficial "Demons 3" and it is also a misleading title in that case, so figure out. Obviously, because of the "Demone" films are successful; they tried to deceive the audience with deceptive titles, although it is clear that it is a disconnected story. In addition, I find it unfair to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not the look. Honestly, the movie is pretty atmospheric and although there are some unintentionally hilarious situations, I thought it was really creepy about the whole. Nonetheless, I think it's fair to say that the story somehow tries to imitate Lucio Fulci's "The House by the Cemetery". Of course this is just a speculation I have, but I think I have my valid proof. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is the man of the family. In both films, there is an annoying little boy named Bobby. In both films, the woman's home is a beautiful thirty thing that seems to be the only one. one to see that something really is wrong in the new home, and in both films something really is going wrong in the basement. I'm sorry, but I can easily connect both movies, and I'm not saying this as an accusation. On the contrary, my point is that those who enjoy "The House at the Cemetery" will probably also enjoy this movie. Of course, La Casa dell'Orco is much less pretentious, less scary, almost as atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> In Charlem, her husband, Tom and their little boy, Bobby, go on holiday to an old abandoned castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. After the beauty of the place, Charel began to feel that she was there before, which is impossible, since she had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel can't come across her déjà vu and the worst part is that her visions come together with the image of a terrible creature going to her. Tom, who is not a very patient guy to start with, advises her to leave the unusual hallucinations and enjoy the holidays. However, the woman's visions become more and more real and the peace and silence they are supposed to enjoy suddenly become a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood is really and this time she won't be able to escape without first confronting that threatening ore. As expected, the plot is somehow somewhat simplistic and therefore it is difficult to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few ranges, with nothing but the total silence and the image of the main character, walking around the castle for a few minutes, reliving the images of her childhood and nothing else. no. It gets pretty boring from time to time, but overall it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that came out in the late eighties, this movie is pretty stylish and effective, but it also offers a great variety of unintentionally funny moments that make the movie unforgettable. For example, the part in which Charel was cruelly beaten by her husband and instead of crying to her bedroom as I would have expected, hit her back against him by striking him very hard and waving like a mania. run to the forest. . The funniest thing, however, is that, two minutes later, they are a happy couple, as if they were punching each other, the most natural thing in the world. I know it's stupid, but I found it absolutely hilarious. The ogre (which, of course, is the villain of the story) also looks awful and funny at the same time and lets us face it: a villain who can detach us and make us laugh, it's twice as welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but of course, of course, of course, of course. But if we focus on the really good things I mentioned earlier: the music that Simon Boswell composed is one of the high points and even if it is the same, it fits perfectly and it helps create a rather dark atmosphere. create in the moments. of tension. So if I have to give my final statement about this movie, I have to say that I can't help it, including the small mistakes and most people who enjoy these typical Italian horror films of the late eighties. Don't be disappointed about this. It has all the typical and always well received clichés, such as the crazy old man who actually speaks the truth, the foxy local woman who is said to be a witch, a creepy castle, a big dark cellar with a terrible secret and the locals who are trying to prevent the tourists with their hostility, to stay away from the notorious countries. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and a punch at your face, as a way to pay tribute to the heroine of the story. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
