"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the classic MGM musical production unit, and in general the film is every pleasant ?? good music by Julius Styne and others, excellent dance by Gene Kelly (and even a pleasant work by Frank Sinatra), and a funny, good pace. The only important element I would criticize would be Kathryn Grayson's visit, whose presence in a movie always means subjecting the audience to endless pseudo-operative devastation of the Petite Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval servant named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a lover, but whose Valentino charm is constantly muted by the presence of his less-hooked friend with the unlikely middle American name Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days' leave to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agreed to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious assumption that he was guilty of something to save his life. They are set up by a policeman (Rags Ragland), who needs them to help work together with a former young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to return to "Susan Susan" (Grayson). Initially, Clarence is interested in welcoming "Susan Susan", but eventually Kelly's character appears as the more likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several striking musical scenes, but nothing to come close to Kelly's most famous work. films such as "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest we get is a gimmicky series featuring Kelly's character in a fantasy direction dancing with Jerry, Tom and Jerry's mouse (although it looks as if it is closer to a dog or cat than to a mouse). It's an exciting sequence for his time, but doesn't have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. I actually enjoyed the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used semi-ballet movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see him descending a tunnel that looks like something right out of "Alice in Wonderland ". <br /> <br /> Eventually, the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar, a somewhat purified Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. There the customers are mrs. Grayson happy to abandon her arias with abandonment. The management is very excited about the event Clarence and Joe explained to her to sing with their "friend" It Itbi (with a light humorous touch). Of course, they never met their friend Iturbi, and they spend a lot of the movie's length to reach him. In an amusing scene, Sinatra's character appears to Iturbi, but makes him a piano tuner and urges him to leave pianos and a professional career in the studio and Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi rehearses a surrealistic symphony that exists From dozens of young piano players? You've seen nothing like this outside "1000 fingers of Dr. T". Iturbi itself is a kind of a god figure in the story? He represents the opportunity for salvation from the grief of unfinished work and the possibility of fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi as much as Mrs. Grayson hears, her operational career will be a reality. The 3 primary characters are desperate to reach him and they think of him as a kind of remote and distant mythological figure? Much of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception to the very "real" ways of the maestro. And about Iturbi's contributions to the film, he also offers a very stimulating musical moment with his band performance by Donkey Serenade. <br /> <br /> When everything is said and done, it is a movie that no one enjoys musical missions. Most of the music is written for this film, a nice contrast with recycled soundtracks for other Kelly opuses such as 'Rain' and 'American'. Kelly is still on his early peak, adventurous and engaging in both his dances and his interpretation of the character. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a beautiful addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is endearing when not staring at the stage. Iturbi adds the well-grounded but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic era MGM musical. This is one of the better ones.
