Although in my opinion one of the lesser musical of stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, is a lesser musical with anyone from the series nothing to prune, and in line with that, Anchors Aweigh ' a nice good movie despite his mistakes. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, two Navy men. As the movie begins, they are just going to the Los Angeles area for a much needed vacation. Brady plans to visit a girl named Lola. Doolittle is nevertheless a little wet behind his ears, and is seeking advice from Brady women in privacy. (In public writing, writer Isobel Lennart and Sidney, all the fleet men exaggerated their subtleties with women). Brady promises to help Doolittle, but especially because Doolittle won't leave him alone. A kink is put in their plans when the local police force them to help with a young boy obsessed with the fleet. He won't give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle finish the boy back home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson) finally acts, Doolittle goes to her. Brady tries to convince him to forget about her; Brady just wants to come back to Lola. But they still stay back to Abbott's home, and eventually form something of a love triangle. Things become more complicated than Brady is about Doolittle, and a well-known musician, Jose Iturbi, who lives in a movie studio, claims Doolittle has set up an audition for Abbott, a singer and actress, for Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of the story, the music is a strange combination of military music - due to the Navy premium, of course, Broadway pop - which tends to star in more informal institutions, opera - which excel Abbott's character, Liberty-like popular classical - which Iturbi did, and Mexican music - because Abbott visits a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of LA. The combination doesn't work as well as it can. Many of the songs are good, and everyone involved is probably talented as a singer or musician, but the genre bounce tends to lose coherence. Worse, there are a few showcases for Iturbi, which at that time were a big star, bringing the plot to a halt and it seems more than a little hokey at this time. I just watched another movie that had outstanding music, Robert Altman's Kansas City (1996), but it stopped the plot from turning into a concert movie from time to time. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, it's a musical, but there is a difference between songs that are floating and integral to the plot and concert castles that look like contractual obligations. <br /> <br /> There are also plots. It was not very well established why Brady was so against Doolittle's pursuit of Abbott. We can guess that Brady thinks Doolittle should not be involved with someone who needs to care for a child and who is relatively "proper" and traditional, but on the other hand Brady can say that Doolittle doesn't have the same. terrible attitude that Brady acknowledges of himself. Abbott looks like a good fit for Doolittle, and furthermore Lennart is working hard to find out that Brady just wants to get Doolittle out of his hair and meet Lola. Brady's character seems to have to kick off Doolittle on any candidate. whether she is fit or not. It may look like a small detail, but it's actually the hinge for about a third to half the plot. The story also looks a bit drawn off. Length is a problem. Ankers Aweigh, who climbed about two and twenty minutes, had to have at least half an hour cut. <br /> <br /> The above surely sounds like I'm complaining too much about the movie to justify a 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as errors, because conventional wisdom on Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that it has no defects. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are definitely charismatic, separate and together. They turn into good, interesting performances. Sinatra looks and behaves much younger than its actual age of 29? 30 while shooting. He plays an unusual naive, virgin character - quite different from most roles he would take later and unlike his public image as a crown. For Kelly, this was his breakthrough movie, and so forth. His choreography is varied and impressive, just like his acting. Grayson is beautiful, her performance is sophisticated and she is just beautiful. All these things help to ignore the mistakes with the writing and the extracted pacing. <br /> <br /> And there is even a very interesting element that probably just arises because Sidney is allowed to spread over a wide variety of moods - the infamous Kelly dancing with Jerry the mouse (from "Tom and Jerry "fame" in an extensive fantasy sequence. This is one of the earliest examples of live action and animation, and it is extremely well done and enjoyable as long as you are a fan of fantasy. The fantasy rows tend to be the best of the movie. In the excellence of the dance with Jerry, the mouse is a long song and dance number with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady Abbott in a scene represents a period film, waking her up to use acrobatic stunts to physically her. reach as she stands on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> If the film is uneven and faulty, it is largely successful and entertaining to watch. Fans of classical musicals should definitely not miss Anchors Aweigh, and also Sinatra fans who will get a kick from his character.
