This movie (such as Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - shown on Turner Classic Network last night) is well known for a single musical series that won a place in Gene Kelly's record. As Fred Astaire dances with a clothes rack and later dance around a room's walls and ceiling, this movie Gene Kelly danced in a cartoon sequence with Jerry Mouse. The order is done nicely. What has been forgotten is that Kelly tells the story behind the cartoon sequence to Dean Stockwell and his fellow childhood students at school, and sets the stage for the order by closing Stockwell and the others' eyes and a pastoral. type of background. Kelly even changes the navy blue he actually wears in a white "Pomeranian" navy tunic with blue stripes on it. Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene. He actually speaks - a first he hasn't repeated for many decades. He finally puts Tom Cat in his right place. Tom briefly appears as King Jerry's butler, trying to encourage him with a dish of cheese. <br /> <br /> But the sequence of the cartoon with Kelly has about seven minutes of the movie. Much more of this peculiar movie is tackled with Kelly's story of the lost four days in Hollywood, and how Kelly ends up meeting Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) Jose Iturbi in the MGM movie studio, Hollywood Bowl and Iturbi's own home. Apart from the fact that the two sailors do not mean evil, this movie can be quite disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific, and consequently becomes a medal. They are both among the crew members in California who have a four-day leave. But the writing writers (to propel what would be a short movie - Kelly plans to spend four days with a "Lola", an unhealthy good-time girl in Hollywood). Hall Gene with Frank. <br /> <br /> It seems as if Frank is one of those idiots who, in film after film, appear in the movie factories (especially musical comedies), who are socially underdeveloped and in need of instruction to meet girls (or guys than the characters are women). Frank insists that Gene helps him learn how to get a girl. Only a policeman takes them to the headquarters to help the police with a small boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the fleet (and will not give the police's real name and address). When Kelly's protest can get this information from Stockwell by asking him straight questions (which the police can't ask for), they insist that Kelly take the boy from his aunt (Grayson) home. Kelly is still protesting with increasingly complicated problems (mostly due to Sinatra's simplistic soul view of things). He missed Lola the next day by having sleep - Sinatra felt he was so peaceful he didn't wake him up. He still dragged back to Grayson's house, because Sinatra felt she was the right woman for herself, but needed Kelly to train him in love. <br /> <br /> I suppose my plot presentation may annoy ANKERS fans AWEIGH, but I find this kind of story annoying. While the singing and dance and concert music of Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi is top notch, it is annoying to seriously accept the idiots of someone like Sinatra's character. In the real world, Kelly would have hit hell from the beginning to follow him at the start of the four days. What does he have to insist (like Sinatra do) that someone who saves their lives should help him learn how to date The kind of crap ruins the total effect of a musical unless the musical numbers are so high that I forget this kind of nonsense. <br /> <br /> The stalking of Iturbi is also annoying. Kelly tries to get Grayson like Sinatra if he says Sinatra can meet her with Jose Iturbi to audition her singing ability. For many of the rest of the picture, try Sinatra and Kelly, and somehow keep them. Grayson himself kills Kelly's attempt at interviewing MGM with Iturbi. It's just pure luck (that Iturbi feels sorry for a shy Grayson) that she gives him an audition of her talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, incidentally, ends up with Grayson. Sinatra's conscience that she can't help her see Iturbi makes him shy of bothering her (but Kelly doesn't get strange) and he accidentally quits with a waitress (Pamela Britton) from his native Brooklyn. And of course, without any help from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Oh, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily artistry!
