Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day coastal vacation in Hollywood. You know all about girls and can't wait to see Lola, while Clarence is shyer and needs advice from his partner on how to meet girls. They then walk into a little boy, Donald Martin, who ran away to join the fleet. They take him home and meet his beautiful aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girlfriend, but his shame comes in the way. But he doesn't feel ashamed of a waitress, who comes from Brooklyn as he does. Son, Joe, notice he's in love with Susie. The boys are in a solution when they lie to Susie at meeting a big time music producer they don't even know. If they are in a solution with their feelings. George Sidney's Ankers Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Genie Kelly is once again in his singing and dancing routines. Frank Sinatra is fantastic as the shy guy of Brooklyn. He's not the first thing to keep in mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he plays well. Kathryn Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott. Unfortunately, we lost this gifted actress and operational soprano singer. He did the 88-year-old Dean Stockwell a wonderful job. fellow who wants to become a sailor. Jose Iturbi does good work to do himself. It's great he does with the piano. Eva Kennedy plays head of the police station. Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. There are many good things in this movie. and some fantastic song and dance numbers. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra who "Hate to leave". It's so energetic. "If you knew Susie, it's very funny. It's a great moment when Frank Brahms sings." Lullaby to little Dean Stockwell, it's great to listen to Grayson singing the tango "Jealousy." The most memorable ride is The one who takes up the animated fantasy world, and there sings and dances with Jerry Mouse, also Tom Cat is seen there as the butler.The original as ked Mickey Mouse, but he refused.The movie was nominated for five Oscars but Georgie Stoll is one for Original Music Score.Achors Aweigh are some high-class entertainment.
