ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two keen young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), getting a special four-day leave. Eager to go to the girls, especially Joe's Lola, or Joe and Brooklyn, are not on the break of little Navy mad Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Indifferent to the ways of women and court services, Brooklyn is quickly encouraged to help him win aunt Susie. However, along the way he finds that he is falling for the gall which he belongs to his best friend. How will Brooklyn take this betrayal? And Joe joins Susie, who also loves him? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I also saw it at the same time as I did in town, the Kelly / Sinatra collaboration from 1949. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH the better film was in terms of plot and structure. All the dances and songs fit into the plot at the moment, and they develop the characters and story rather than hinder them. Yet, I have both felt that the better movie overall is in the city. Having seen both films a third time, I still stand at that judgment. Somehow, in town, like a movie and an entertainment, it's just lighter, gayer, pure and simple * happier *. The numbers are more outrageous and less integral to the plot, yet it works better than all the dances and sings in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not quite sure why it is. The typical argument is that the latter film remains: nearly two and a half hours is certainly a valid criticism. I probably felt the length the first two times I saw it! However, it is also a movie that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery involved in making it. And yet something just doesn't hang right. It almost feels as if the writing is over, and * every single moment Kelly could dance into a dance or Sinatra song was noticed, and that's exactly what happened. No opportunity to include a musical number has been given up ... and this is probably the biggest weakness of the movie. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how big a fan of Kelly or Sinatra is, it really starts to change after a while. (For example, contrast it with the ten numbers in ON THE CITY.) Perhaps you feel that every song that each dance can, is not taken out of the movie without it missing ... and that's true. But this is also because the authors were no longer obstructed in the first place. <br /> <br /> Not all this long does not mean that there is nothing good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. The musical * is brilliant with big songs that burst all over, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We Hate to Leave", "I Cheated Her" and "If You Know Susie"), the song of Sinatra ("What makes the sunset", "the charm of yours" and best of all, "I'm too easily in love"), and undoubtedly the ever-inventive, always breathtaking dance of Kelly. It's also hard to miss with a caliber of this caliber. Grayson is sweet and looking to improve on every viewer (her voice is mesmerizing rather than frightening); Jose Iturbi's role is written sympathetically and he does a good job with it; Even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is cute and charming ... as close as you could find Betty Garrett without being Garrett herself! Sinatra is spectacular with the blue eyes and curls of her, and plays the innocent boy-man wonderfully (a role he represents in the city). His singing is, as usual, flawless from pronunciation to timing and phrasing. His solo numbers may look a bit, but if you have the voice of a century, it's probably such a reason to slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly's mere genius in this movie is worthy of his own paragraph. Third in the bill behind Sinatra and Grayson respectively, ANCHORS AWEIGH is really Kelly's movie. His Joe Brady is a credible, true character - he is tough on the outside, slips and willing to lie when it comes to winning a gall but he is actually the biggest soft on the inside. Kelly makes this charm rather than cloying, but also gives Joe a real edge that you see in the scene when Joe Chelsea rushes around the room with a really murderous look on his face and his breakfast bowl in his hands. And the * dancing * - again, the film suffers from the 'too much of a good thing spoiling the effect' syndrome, as it does with Sinatra's singing. But again, if it does Gene Kelly's softshoe, or over the screen in a sailor's outfit or if a bandit head is tackled, it might as well be left over! All the kelly's dances are breathtaking, whether it's the simplified simplicity of his tap number with Sinatra: "I have her," his "Mexican Hat Dance" with the lovely wide eye or his cute Spanish influenced dance "La Cumparsita." Of course, the classic image that is over in all communities is Kelly in his red, white, and blue math suit, featuring Jerry Mouse's 'Tom & Jerry' fame. A well-deserved golden movie memory, to be sure - it's not often you can say you're impressed with the special effects in a film made in 1945, given the saturation of CGI in today's film market. But Gen and Jerry still look nice, with Kelly always hitting his places and watching exactly where to look. It will point out that only the only people who could really keep up with Gene Kelly are Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It is undoubtedly that this first brave, inventive Kelly dance with Jerry kept a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in film history and the hearts of classic movie buffs. But it is also striking that it is the first of three Kelly / Sinatra movie competitions, and although it is quite outdated, it still has a few hours of entertainment. Look at it, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
