D. Griffith could have made any movie he wanted for the enormous financial success of 'The Birth of a Nation'; He chose to make the most technically ambitious film up to that date, "Intolerance." He had a risk with such innovations in film montage and form, and the well-known financial train wreck resulted. Buster Keaton does not take that kind of risk with 'Three Ages', a parody of 'Intolerance'. It is Keaton's first feature film of his own (he just dealt in "The Saphead"). He had the kickback plan to share the three episodes in this movie into three separate shorts, which Griffith did with "intolerance". Keaton doesn't have to. Chaplin has already passed function-length comedies, so if Keaton is taking a risk here, it is completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin has already made a parody of another movie with "Burlesque on Carmen" (1915). Keaton also appears to refer to the film. The wrestling scene in the Ancient Rome episode refers to the sword fight that becomes a wrestling match in Chaplin's film. The comic distance from the scene of both scenes is the same. In addition, Chaplin's film mimicked DeMille's 'Carmen' glamorous style, and Chaplin's film was a tribute to the movie. Keaton does not attempt the radical editing, narrative structure or monumental nature of his parody, but it seems to be "intolerant". At least, the stories are not entirely straightforward, as in other post-'Intolerance 'films such as Dreyer's' Leaves from Satan's Book' (Fritz Lang's Destiny) (Der Müde Tod, 1921). There are some soft jumps back and forth between episodes. <br /> <br /> However, where Keaton did have risks, he is in his physical, deadly comedy. It is Keaton who inadvertently does not jump over buildings in the modern episode. He was apparently convinced to change the scene rather than try the jump again. And it wasn't just Keaton who took risks; For example, the anachronistic baseball cap was quite dangerous. Although, in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, has risks with his big movie. And I think they both succeeded.
