A striking feature of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars that went to actors playing characters physically or mentally impaired. The first was Marlee Matlin's "Children of a Little God" award in 1986, and the next ten years were awarding another best actress award (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no less as five "Best Actor" Awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino in 1992 for "Fragrance of a Woman", Tom Hanks in 1994 for "Forrest Gump" and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for "Shine" for portrayals of the disabled. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is her deaf, but all the others are not capable. <br /> <br /> At the time, this phenomenon raised negative comments, suggesting that these awards were given more political correctness than the quality of the acting. When Jodie Foster did not win the best actress in 1994 for Nell, some people saw it as evidence of a blow to this kind of portrayal. However, my view is that the majority of these awards are well earned. I thought the 1992 award had to go to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey rather than Pacino, but apart from that, the only one I disagree with was Hanks, and that was because I showed Nigel Hawthorne's performance in The Madness of King George "In that film, of course, Hawthorne had a character that was mentally ill. <br /> <br />" My left foot "was based on the autobiography of Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. One of the thirteen children of a working Dublin family, born of cerebral palsy and initially wrongly thought to be mentally handicapped too, has long been unaware of conscious movement or speech, but eventually discovered that he was the movements of one part of his body, his left foot (thus the title) could control, he learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his toes, and later became a painter and a published novelist and poet . <br / > <br /> Life in work class Dublin in the thirties and forties can be difficult, and the city of Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us here are in many ways a grim, gray, cheerful place, very different. from our normal idea of ​​the "Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated on another Irish-themed movie, "In the Name of the Father"). However, the cheerfulness and spirit of his people, especially the Brown family, must be set. Much of Christy's success was due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and always believed in the intelligence hidden under a crippled outside and his brothers and sisters is. We see his brothers turning around in a specially crafted car and helping them build Christy's own room in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The movie can easily slid into sentimentality and eventually end up with another heart-warming "triumph over adversity" film. That this is not the result of a number of factors, mainly the wonderful acting. In the course of his career, Day-Lewis produced a number of good performances, but it is the best with the recent "There Will Blood". He is never less than 100% convincing than Christie; His tortured, rough movements and tense attempts at speech convince us that we are really looking at a disabled person, although we are intellectually aware that Day-Lewis is impossible. The other shows that stand out are from Fiona Shaw as his mentor Dr Eileen Cole, from Hugh O'Conor as the young Christy and from Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (who won her the Best Supporting Actress award). <br /> <br /> The other reason why the movie escapes sentimentality is that it doesn't try to sediment its main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but he can also be difficult to live with, and the film gives us a "wart and everything" portrait. He was a heavy drinker, given to false language and prone to outbursts of anger. He can also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. This, of course, also shows the positive aspects - his courage, his determination and his evil sense of humor. Day-Lewis's acting is not only physically convincing, as it convinces us to believe in his character's disability, but also emotionally and intellectually convincingly, making all these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar was won in the teeth of a very strong opposition from the likes of Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it was well deserved. 8/10
