Jackie Chan's classic live feature POLISSE STORY (1985) is one of the most influential and modern contemporary police actors ever to come from Hong Kong. Jackie just wanted to make a movie that includes the usual kung fu and also a fiery weaponry and other "urban" action that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY mixes these two action elements and styles and the result is as wild as it sounds. Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police officer who will protect an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who would soon testify against a powerful gangster boss and his ring of criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend is played by young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not so wild here because she will be in her subsequent roles like Heroic Trio (and the successor) by Johnnie To, Redeemer of the Soul by Corey Yuen and David Lai and many others. The plot in POLICE STORY is very simple, but that is the action this movie made in the first place. Of course, Jackie did all the stunts of his character by himself and also hurt himself in a few scenes, some of which are also in the finished film, as at the end in which Jackie's head (near the eye) through a lot of nasty , touch sharp glass. Jackie's stunt team members almost killed themselves while filming this film. The scene in which a bus stops right in front of Jackie, spits the kidnappers through the windshield, really went bad when the bus stopped too early and the stunt people didn't fly as they were supposed to. They were supposed to fly on the car in front of the bus, but their flight was too short and they hit the asphalt with injuries at hospital levels. During the final credits there is a backdrop of images and images of these injured actors. It looks really bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one is too seriously killed or injured. <br /> <br /> The action is more than adequate and imaginative as can be expected from (action) director Chan. The now legendary bus scene and shopping center scene at the end is probably among the wildest scenes that any action movie is capable of delivering. Jackie always tells how important editing is (which is true) and it really shows in his action scenes and their timing that is perfect and makes the movies look ultra-kinetic as compared to Hollywood attempts, for example. There are hardly any slow moments here and those moments are also interesting and the movie never gets boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But there's another negative point I can't stand in HK action comedies. comedy itself. The comedy is not funny, especially if the errors and amateurish elements in the script are not accidentally there, but because the author wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of bad writing and stupid dialogue . I mean the scenes like the murder attempt at the beginning when the murderer just screams and screams and makes faces and acts like a drunken clown of a slapstick nightmare, and he's there to kill that girl. This kind of acting is silly and rude and I don't want to see it in a movie that is otherwise very good in its own genre. Characters also speak their thoughts which are also a sign of a bad writing because those "hard thoughts" are there to make things clear to the stupid viewer and to make things too easy and "light". Even if the movie is comical and not so serious, these kinds of stupidity shouldn't be there and they can't be forgiven too easily. <br /> <br /> POLICE STORY is a fast speed, full impact, balls for walls action adventure miracle from Hong Kong and from the time Jackie was very sad due to the bad consequences he got with the US Protector manufactured because he didn't have the same thoughts about the movie as director James Glickenhaus and so the result didn't please audiences and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to make more personal and inventive film. This he certainly did and the result is as wild as it was in the 80's. This is one of the most insane action movies ever, and it would be somewhat perfect without the mistakes I mentioned. 10/07
