Jackie Chan's police story is a landmark film for both the Honk Kong action genre and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Directed / written by Chan, Police Story has a basic plot like all the movies of that era and genre, and like most of the films of Police Story's kind, the writing is nothing to rave no. But the plot of the movie is Jackie Chan, who plays a nice old cop, who is struggling to convince the local gangster. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and is not the best legal action Jackie Chan has given us, the responsibility falls on the underestimated masterpiece "Miracles". But Jackie's work is adequate and respectful. The performances in the film also come with the scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie also vary with Jackie who gives a very solid typical Chan nice man, but it certainly is not his best role in the Sammo Hung-directed movie "Heart of the Dragon "can be seen. The other actors in the film also have a good performance, as Jackie and Bridgete Lin play their part of the unwilling witness quite well, but she also doesn't show the full acting potential. The striking play comes from Maggie Cheung as Jackie's suffering friend and Bill Tung as the sympathetic and funny police chief. None of the shows in this movie is of a low enough standard to influence the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in the movie is what really separates this movie from others with beautiful contemporary choreography that fits the urbanized, modern environment. The action is some of the best combat scenes ever put on the camera. To begin with, there is a shooting in the slum where Koo (ganglord) makes a drug deal, while not a John Woo series, it serves as a nice starter for the movie. It is then followed by the famous car that runs down the hill and destroys everything in sight through the heart of the slum. This is a breathtaking series that has since been blatantly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film is another striking sequence, as Jackie Bridgete Lin transports from her house to his transport. It's really the first scene where we see the awesome quick hand-to-hand battle that has since become the norm for all modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, customized and seamlessly designed to maximize the brutality of the scene. But, as tradition dictates, the striking battle series is at the end of the movie. This sequence shows some of Chans's best choreography, stunts and camera / editing work. This sequence is now known for two things, the amount of people sent by high-density glass, which must become a phenomenal amount of people, and the stunt at the end where Jackie jumps from a 5th-floor balcony, grasps a pole and slides. through a glass roof (it should be seen as believed). Although the two mentioned factors are both uniquely brilliant, I think that the most impressive part of this battle sequence is the ability of Chans to include something in the order of battle and the mere originality of the choreography, which has never been improved for me. I also believe that the action in Police Story is some of the best filmed and edited action of Chans's career, helping to set the action apart from others. <br /> <br /> Overall, Police Story, in spite of its unpredictable story and script and about the race in the middle due to plots, is one of the best action movies of all time that best portrayed Chans's best choreography action and probably his most spectacular stunt that makes this essential viewing for everyone. Then we watch a Chan movie for the action !!
