Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strange exciting documentary despite its content. Convicts at Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky who raped, murdered, etc.? and surrounded by bad people in a naturally depressing environment, find something they really enjoy and become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes for Shawshank Redemption with their institutionalized nature and seeking forgiveness and redemption for their past. As we follow a generous, non-judgmental director, who gives his time each year to direct certain prisoners into a chosen play by William Shakespeare (this time, the 'Tempest', which was cleverly portrayed with the prisoners who could linking so much to the pervasive focus on forgiveness and salvation in which they trust and relate) we are introduced to each actor in formal interviews that are well-suited to breakthroughs of their rehearsal. Each actor has their own story and tells of their regret and reasons why they are emotionally with melancholic music about each one in a traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected resident (it turns out) is Sammie. The director appears immediately to realize who the most interesting prisoners were in Sammie (and later Hal) and leaves a longer, more in-depth observation in the man and his personality. His presence feels on the screen and his personal revelations come as a shock to the audience, but gives him such appeal in his emotional personality and a specific empathy is felt to him. Hall is the same at the beginning of the movie. He has other things he does to make the time a comfortable hobby, as it was a news broadcast program on-site. Again, through personal interviews and revelations that were themselves acknowledged by Hal (and nicely cut cuts of Hal's body language, the closeness of his insecure hand movement was not only discernible to him, but others), fearful of his true sexuality a society that would not accept him as a homosexual until later in the film where he seems to be reasonable and rude to other prisoners involved in the play as if he were above all else, especially to Ron who is already a frustrating temperament has his acting. The relationship between all those involved in the play is shown as one of respect and unity to achieve something good for them. With beautiful (if not clichéd) movements of time passing by titles etc.? everything seems right in the first act, and then the predictable goes wrong in building up the public performance. An introduction to one of the actors being transferred and his character replaced by a younger, newer prisoner, gives the narrative a nice sub-plot in someone who promises great, but ultimately disappoints everything and does not live up to their expectation. One inmate in particular (Big-G) welcomes the new prisoner actor (Rick) with a clear will to cherish him in their beloved practice and hopefully become a good role model. The movie seems to capture every one of the prisoners so passionately with something that the audience can have, especially when Rick is placed in the 'Hole' to get new tattoos (something previously mentioned in the film as the officer random prisoner in the garden stops and asks him when he has a tattoo that is on his arm and we learn it is a criminal offense in the facility) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. A happy ending? It all looks good if they are successful (even invited elsewhere) and a sense of true unity comes around them, but ultimately the movie brings everyone back to earth, it is short-lived and all they have ever had or wanted to be and will always be taken away from them. It is back in prison to pay their crimes and no matter what redemption they seek to perform these plays, they will not be free men. Their proud performances and recognition are undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the low criminals and a good stop in the uplifting music that plays in a long run of a shot, coinciding with the lights that turn off and the doors. closes is a powerful image of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware that he watched brave people in the documentary through the additional information at the end of the film in every actress's future from the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them.
