Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y, make me very sad for American movies with a gay topic. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are few other notable American films with the depth and sincerity of this film, The Bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, an Israel and Palestinian respectively. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between the Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationships, will struggle with who will call the following or who will say, "I love you". Noam and Ashwar's early love is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security issues and racism. While Noam's friends accept and as Ashwar, who is Arabic, most of Tel Aviv's citizens are unlikely to. <br /> <br /> One of the most beautiful moments, and there is a lot in this movie, is when Noam and Ashwar attend a "Bent" production. We, as filmmakers, see them watching this play and the influence it has on them is deeply caught in their eyes. And finally, this touch moment is played in a very sad way in the final of the movie. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are outstanding like Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant in creating a thoughtful and interesting re-release of the Shakespeare classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most movies today have sex in them (almost like a sport), it goes back to the old, tried version of sex with love and passion combined. It is so refreshing. Also refreshing is that two gay men are portrayed as humans and not cartoons. There are cartoon characters in this movie. It doesn't just happen to be the two gay guys for a change. Somewhere on this site, I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friends". Well, not really. Yes, these are youthful characters who stumble through their first uncomfortable steps in maturity and relationships. But I don't remember being "inflated" as a backdrop for the careless story lines in "Friends". <br /> <br /> It's a very good movie. It has heart and heart. And like all good love stories, love falls out. But not in it is a complete glory of full bloom. Yet it is a very satisfying movie to watch.
