This film is a complete remake of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one of Tel Aviv and the other of Nablus. There is a border between them and a constant war with the Israeli army everywhere and Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is dark enough. We can represent the love in the enormous loveless snare. But the film goes on for a few more years, imagining that the two loved ones are gay, Noam of Tel Aviv and Ashraf of Nablus. To be gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is out of bounds in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities, is thus doubled with a conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But it can even be alive if the war does not bring an extra dimension. Ashraf's sister marries a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. She couldn't accept it, but later agreed to talk about it. From the wedding itself, the newly married man sends a commando in Tel Aviv to set up a bomb attack. It takes place in a cafe in Tel Aviv and one friend of Noam is seriously injured. Bad enough. The Isareli army sends a commando to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for this attack, but it gets sour and the newly-married woman is shot dead in the street. The funeral follows the wedding. The man and widower volunteered for a suicide bombing. Ashraf volunteers to take his place. The indignant lover comes back to Tel Aviv to die and kill a few people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a dinner run by some Noam friends. But Noam saw him and came out to talk to him. Ashraf is back in the middle of the street and he explodes his bomb when Noam reaches the street. The revenge reunites the two lovers in death. So we have the dual conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can deliver peace, or even worse, the Prince chose his side and sat down to Israel. The game is completely fake and death is certainly on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is getting stronger because it is obscured by a play in the movie, a play showing love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one with a yellow star and the other a pink triangle. This is both strikingly strong and breathtakingly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the movie is that there is in Tel Aviv or Nablus, love is impossible. The film is therefore a condemnation of the conflict in Palestine that cannot, but it has no reason to even exist, although it has thousands of reasons to continue. We never had to handle Great Britain with the region long ago. Today we have to find a solution in which no one will be humiliated. It will only succeed if everyone meets to find a lasting solution. But so far, everyone is trying to avoid the general confrontation and discussion that prefers bilateral manipulations. So suffering will go on and love will be forbidden, of course not sex, as children are needed for the war to continue. So, let's produce more and more small soldiers. But love is just a foreign concept. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University & Paris University 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
