It is difficult not to satisfy Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films describing life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gay people can have in these regions. In addition, he also listened to the young generations and to the remarkable part of those who really need peace and who no longer want to take notice of a war that for too much time knew the existence of people, both in Israel both in Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are sufficient to regard Fox as a significant director, even though his feelings for the melodrama are somewhat out of control. But the fans of his films (which he realizes on a team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, writer and partner) are not worried by this, as his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH) is the same success of the previous YOSSI & HUNTER AND WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary gay version of Romeo and Juliet, which is today in Tel Aviv instead of Verona and two men (one Israeli and other Palestinian) in place of the two Shakespeare young lovers, the film is actually quite Anders If so, or better, it is also something else. In fact, the bubble of the title separates the world in which the leading man, Noam, played regular Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER by the Fox), but I have to admit I am Jagger, the astonishing Yehuda Levi!) And his two Missing fellow tenants, an old and a girl, chose to live. About thirty years old, restless, witty and sturdy (despite the protagonist, spent only a period as a national service in a border checkpoint with Palestine) to live a life that would not only be made of war no. The two guys are gay and with the girl they have established a trio in which they love and support each other fraternally. Their lives are destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) a young Palestinian living in Tel Aviv. The laws so far in force under the group are being neglected, but not the will to help one friend. Yet it will not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is unholy in Israel and in the meantime his family, who live in Palestine and do not know he is gay, are looking forward to establishing his wedding with a very beautiful girl, who is a relative of Ashraf's beloved sister groom, who he is also a terrorist and he will have a strong responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only valid for the two men. Because the prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn and so is the tragedy inevitable. Even if the film focuses on the obstacles that the relationship between Noam and Ashraf meets, it does not meet the other characters that are well written (for example, Golan, the boyfriend of Yelli, Noam's fellow tenant, has a live drill, and then announced as a sweeter and more open-minded person) and executed appropriately (except for the two leads, we should not ignore the funny Zohar Liba and the beautiful Daniela Virtzer, the girl's gang, and also appear LATE MARRIAGE's star Lior Ashkenazi than himself in a cameo). It also mentions the bleak tone with the more brilliant, even if the director cannot do without a melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie more than a month ago and meanwhile I thought about it, proving that Fox and his partner were trying to hit home.
