Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily touched by accounts of unhappy love. Even more fascinating has always been the stories of impossible love, love that cannot be. Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox's latest movie The Bubble is about it. And then it is not. The title of the film refers to the "bubble" that Tel-Aviv is against the backdrop of Israel's political realities. The country's cosmopolitan and unofficial capital doesn't have much in common with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank that also appears in the film. It doesn't have much in common with the tense and hateful atmosphere at the Palestinian control points. Actually, it doesn't look much in common with anything around it. With the "bubble" of Tel-Aviv, people can have a lifestyle that doesn't differ much from what you expect in any Western city. Teens looking for Britney Spears' records, a lifestyle magazine editor looking for a sexy cover for his next release, trendy people sitting in trendy cafe, talking about trendy things about cups of cappuccino and other similar new-fashioned drinks, while those at home to the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this bubble "that also has the potential to sleep one's mind in a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis sharing a flat and mostly trying to stay out of politics. Yelli, the camp owner and manager of Orna & Ella ", a hip cafe, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think of the" shit they surround ". Noam, a gentle and easy-going employee of a slight avantguard record store, seems equally reluctant to engage in long political discussions and contemplation. Lulu, the only female of the lot, is linked to the Israeli left, although her political activities are limited to calling on the profession. "Yelli and Noam obviously have no objection to participating in this. And her political friends make t-shirts with the rave's logo, posters, and booklets they advertise in the neighborhood. Their biggest concern is that there are never real Palestinians. is not participating and the police are all the fun for them again, the closest they come to a real confrontation is when they come in a mess with some non-Palestinian-friendly residents trying to prevent them from handing out the pamphlets In other words, predictable bubble products "<br /> <br /> The opening styles of the film take us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus where we also find that Noam is doing its reserve duty. A group of Palestinians are thoroughly examined before entering Israel. Among them is a pregnant woman who is suddenly on the job and is giving birth to a stillborn child, despite the best efforts of Noam and the doctor who eventually arrive in an ambulance. The woman is comforted by a young man who later appeared on Noam's doorstep in Tel-Aviv with his ID, which the latter obviously fell during the ordeal on the border. His name is Ashraf, he's Palestinian and he's gay. And he didn't just get the ID, he came to see Noam. Without a permit to stay in Israel and despite the initial hesitation of Noam's friends, he remains. He soon gets a Jewish name and a job at Yelli's cafe. After growing up in Hebrew, he did not have an Arab accent that allowed him and his newly found friends to hide his identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can't be expensive. Because he became part of a comparison that was never meant to be. <br /> <br /> At one stage, Noam and Ashraf look at a play called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp that has a love affair that should never be physically or visibly visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way to be together on another level, a metaphysical one, a level where no one else has access. This is also where our couple finally arrive. And it couldn't have been very different to them, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br /> The Bubble "is a political statement about the bubble that is erupting when confronted with the political realities of today's Israel against the backdrop of a beautiful and awkward love story with an Israeli and a Palestinian "The impossible love story in a divided world where there are no such things as compromise or other colors than black and white. The Bubble is also a beautiful movie about people, gay and straight, living in that strange city, Tel. -Aviv, shown by the eyes of people who really care about them, the film's presentation may have its faults and the fateful chain of events may be slightly outlined, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you untouched .
