The conflict between Israel and Palestine continues, and while the world can be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few people have an idea of ​​the other aspect of the divisions - the group of people who work peace and work want to erase the divorce. Eytan Fox, in the BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah'), created an essential alternative view of creation, which prefers to tell a story that contains fine humor, lots of love and a taste of the brutal reality. This is a window in a sensible situation. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three good friends are housemates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very 'out' gay young man working in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a beautiful, somewhat embarrassed fellow who, in addition to his daytime work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time waiting at the city's checkpoints. It is during one of these weekends that he meets a young Palestinian name, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), and there is a mutual attraction. The three friends decided to relax Ashraf's illegal presence (whose nickname is an Israeli name), while Ashraf and Noam establish a love affair. Yali hires Ashraf at his cafe and Yali and Lulu continue to find love interests, too. Everything goes well until Ashraf returns home for his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv Ashraf was openly gay with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is told to marry his sister's groom sister. In an effort to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguised themselves as French reporters to gain access to Ashraf. In a moment of supposed isolation, Noam and Ashraf are discovered by the groom, and this act gives rise to extortion so Ashraf remains in the closet. <br /> <br /> While young people in Tel Aviv dance at an opportunity to draw attention to peaceful society, an attack takes place in Jerusalem - one that has serious consequences, not just immediately but also in the revenge mission that Ashraf must adopt now. The end is tragic at many levels and it just underlines how serious the problem is between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The acting is so much natural that it comes from both the comic and the tragic aspects that make the audience completely in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between the serious and the light heart and that is this balance, but makes Eytan Fox such a good writer / director. More people should watch this important and very fine movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
