I am currently on holiday in Israel for the summer, so I could see this amazing movie. A bit of a warning before I start writing: I speak fluently Hebrew, and so the Hebrew parts were not a problem; But about a quarter (a little less) of the movie is in Arabic, and I couldn't understand a bit of these subtitles. It did not detract from my understanding of the film, but caused me to miss some jokes that gave strong laughter to the theater. After a year of the American cinema, which is much of one of the biggest years of homosexual theater and relationships, it takes something really special to stand head and shoulders above the rest; Still, "The Bubble" surpasses all others with its blend of excellent acting, spiritual dialogue and relevant political climate. <br /> <br /> The film opens onto a checkpoint over the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments we are unsure of the kind of movie we entered. Yet it is an important element of the film's strength. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as a character of its own in this movie. It is constantly referred. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. The skyline and urban development are being critically criticized, and eventually the city is developing with the film. The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), with the societies of Tel Aviv and Palestine serving as a constant foil. We always know that their relationships are prohibited, and this creates a sense of urgency that is rarely present in cinema. Love is incredibly strong and the centerpiece of the film. The secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: the flamboyant restaurant owner Yelli's (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) relationship with the ultra-stroke and grid golani solider, Golan (Zohar Liba), is especially a source of entertainment. The love scenes that are abundant in this film are all beautiful, finely crafted artworks and cinematography is amazing. In the first love show of the film, the camera falls down as a male character giving oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and dissolved in a shot of Noam and Ashraf. This shot has many others leading the viewer to realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same kind of love. <br /> <br /> To give away more of the storyline will be a tragedy, but know that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy affecting the current world political climate, so I'd rather focus on the witty dialogue. Even when I watched this movie in my second language, I couldn't stop laughing. Lines of special entertainment include the question of whether gay suicide bombings receive virgin women or men in heaven, and an analogy from Sampson from the Bible as the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a particular sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in Cinema. The music used in the film is also extremely strong. Music is only used in times when characters can or should listen to it, and in one scene the music is weakened when a character removes one stop and stops when he removes the other. Few elements like this really increase the movie. <br /> <br /> I couldn't give a bigger recommendation for a movie; This is an excellent work of cinema, which is both cat-made and extremely well-made.
