This first installment of Crispin Glover's personal magnum opus asks you to think a little and therefore cannot be recommended for any viewer who does not want to follow Glover's images and jigsaw puzzle, or follow the surprisingly simple but oddly obsolete? thread of his story. For the more casual viewer, yes, it is probably going to be a confusing mish-mash of strange, frightening and disturbing images for cartoon's sake. <br /> <br /> You get the feeling that Glover doesn't mind that, and he'll almost listen to why someone hated the movie about why they enjoyed it. Glover's innate eagerness for and about his work and how audiences interpret it, is not only communicated by the film itself, but also by the unusual question and answer sessions he regularly performs following performances. he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has offered. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and dismiss the movie is to call it Dada or nihilist, attack a youth on the modern film industry of an actor who worked both inside and out. But there is a reason why Glover performs his slideshow before showing his movie, and not just selling books; collect his books and create a tale of images and text that Glover has joined together, and What is it? also do similar images from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is an engaging and compelling movie in ways that one hardly expects while watching. Much has been made of Glover's use of actors with Down's syndrome, and it is indeed one of the most striking aspects of the film. So, indeed, does it seem like a far-reaching crusade to interpret it to see a more realistic and / or worthy portrayal of disabled people in movies and television? Or, on the other side of the spectrum, as a kind of direct exploitation of the disabled. But this is also not the case, and perhaps it is part of what makes the movie so uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is not a political one or one of hatred, but one of the main culture looks at a kind extraordinary ugliness. It's not a movie about Down's syndrome, but it's a film owned by actors with Down's syndrome that appears in it. <br /> <br /> I am the kind of person who is completely gung-ho when it comes to ugliness and strangeness so sharply portrayed that it is beautiful; Fortunately for me, that's pretty much exactly what is it? presents itself to viewers. Glover partly uses the strange images of snails, dead and disabled because he wants his audience to feel discomfort on the mere peculiarity of the images or the visceral reaction that has the cry of an anthropomorphized snail. In some ways, the strangely compelling (and sometimes occasional grotesque) elements of What is it? remind me of the work of the painter Francis Bacon ?? He's from the infamous pause, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure that inevitably causes viewers to shrink and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film controls abundantly and humbly, granularly and polished, chaotic and well-realized ?? and the contradictions help to make it increasingly disturbing. But it is still not a very serious movie, and it largely manages the greatest pitfalls of pretense through the use of humor that comes mainly from the use (and assembly) of well-known items, images and names of popular culture. And when is that? is funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> Overall, what is it? is an impressive first film by Glover as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film does not seem to be nearly the distraction one would expect. To see this is like being an observer in the kind of dream that isn't exactly good or bad, but just strange? And it makes you feel a little funny when you wake up. If this is the kind of art you enjoy, what is it? will probably exceed your expectations and be worth catching it in the theater, along with The Big Slide Show and Glover itself. All in all, it's an experience you won't soon forget soon.
