What else can I say? The Americans totally hated it because the American cut was so bad, although you could find the underlying goodwill in it. <br /> <br /> Talk about the American scene release (along with the newly released Blu-ray Disc version), it's faster and tighter than HK cuts, the background music has all changed from the dark, grim HK music to Hip-hop music; and there were many gruesome scenes cut out. Although the dubbing was a noteworthy work, as they tried to catch the original actor's voice and tone. But the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask). The film is designed and intended to be dark, grim, super-disturbing and totally gruesome. Unfortunately, the American release only scaled the cream they wanted, which completely changed the film's undertones (HK release is 18+), to be even more comical and amateur. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the original HK release. This movie is like a hidden gem, a prototype for the entire "matrix" tide and era. The fighting tones are absolutely fantastic, even the camera work was a bit old-school under HK movies. The style created by the film, however, was a unique combination of Kungfu and pop culture. With all the leather, black costumes and decorations, this movie features a batman-like superhero in a black mask against a running gang of multinational super soldiers led by a punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes it sounds like the imagination of a delayed child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie gives you nightmares with strangers fighting a massacre in leather coats. In the year 2002 they made a sequel that had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the core characters in the movie and had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. And did I call Francois Yip? Her roundhouse head was completely cool, even cooler than the villain, because she didn't use a stuntman for all the battles. Did I mention that she was also hot? Anyway, there are lots of things to do about the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the movie also had many problems. First, it is a mediocre script made to its best potential, which means that this production team deserved a better writer. There is a lot of climax in the whole 100 minutes, but they often felt as far-fetched and didn't quite make sense to the audiences. The American version was even worse because all the character developments were cut. Anyway, you can't ask too much from a comic-inspired action movie. Also, this movie is totally inappropriate for children. I wouldn't recommend it if you are less than 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing content, including blood, gore, sado maso costumes, extreme cruelty and so on. Along with the style of the movie, it can be called a wet dream for rock-rock fans and action fans. (The US track was lighter, but if you want to see it, see the HK release for what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspirational, hidden, undervalued, mature.
