At The 1999 Straight Story release, it was praised for the fact that David Lynch's first film ignored his usual macabre and surrealist themes. Based on a true story of one man and his journey to visit his estranged brother on a John Deere '66 mower, it is initially a strange story for Lynch to target. Yet, as the story unfolds, you can see some Lynch's brand motifs. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus on small town America and its residents is still as common as in its previous efforts such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most remarkable difference is that strangeness is being burned. The constraints imposed mean that the movie is the notable award for being one of the few live action movies I can think of that contains a G rating. Incredibly significant, these films stand as proof that beautiful and meaningful family movies can be produced. <br /> <br /> The Straight Story was the first feature that Lynch directed where he had no hand in writing. For many Lynch fans, it was a big negative. Almost universally acclaimed, the only negative review by James Brundage of filmcritic.com focuses on this criticism, that it was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch is struggling in the form of a G-Rated story that is not his own." Brundage claims, with his chief Alvin Straight "lines directly from Confucious." He claims the story is weak and the dialogue is even worse. Still, it's about the only criticism that will read a lot for the film. Although it is not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I also adore, the direct story has another side of Lynch that is not terrible at all. If you're a Lynch fan, it's most important to separate the side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and thoughtful, giving you a real sense of the protagonist's mind while traveling to his destination. Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and his relationships with his wife, children and his brother. Yet it is especially important that there are no flashbacks, which only add effect, which reminds me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as if you see a boat carrying a slow winding river and it is beautiful to watch. The natural provinces of the US are emphasized, and along with the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti, I would like to go to America. The performances are also great with every actor who is credible in their roles and Richard Farnsworth is extremely outstanding. His Oscar nomination was very deserving and it was a pity he didn't win. Regardless, but it's probably the best swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So while The Straight Story doesn't include any of Lynch's complex stories or brand dialogue, the film is a fascinating character study to grow old and highly recommend!
