Who would have thought a movie about a man driving a few hundred miles on his lawnmower to see his brother might be good cinema? I definitely didn't. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. Well, I was as wrong as I was too often not wrong, as it is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Giving a brief resumption of "The Straight Story" isn't very difficult. It's about an old and stubborn man walking on his lawnmower and going to another state to visit his brother when he hears the man had a serious stroke. It's already special in itself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he hasn't seen his brother in ten years because of a few stupid arguments. In the meantime, he has been involved in accident and trouble, but he also meets many people whose lives he somehow influences with his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the problems he has been facing for weeks, he doesn't know if he'll reach his goal: to see his brother again before it's too late. <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who don't like this movie and that is also why I won't say these people don't have a heart or something ... This movie doesn't have flashing action scenes, it's as slow as the lawn mower drives the man on and no, you don't have to look for the good soundtrack either, because there is no. But why should you see it? Well, the simple answer is the story. I have not seen such a touch film with such a powerful story, and the fact that it is actually from Hollywood and - to make things even better - from Disney Studios (that's right, the same studios we overwhelmed with sugar sweet nonsense) makes it even more special. I am not ashamed to admit that I have had the tears in my eyes a few times while I watched it, probably because the whole situation of not seeing someone for many years, due to some stupid argument is all too realistic to me. <Br /> <br /> Some people will argue that the story is very shallow, but I don't really agree. Maybe it's because they just see the old man driving on his lawnmower and not thinking about it anymore. If you look close enough to what you will understand that this man does it all because he knows he was wrong, it just had his pride to see his brother again and he wants everyone to see it too so they won't make the same mistake. If that's not enough, how much deeper should a story go for you? <br /> <br /> I also want to add that this movie really had it all. Some beautiful landscapes (ultimately an American movie that shows something different than the skyline of New York, Chicago or another big city), some very fine plays by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek ... and a very understandable way to tell despite being a David Lynch movie. I now know that I was completely wrong by assuming that this movie would not be to my liking. This is one of the best movies I've seen long ago. This movie aimed my heart and hit the bull's eye. I give it the full 10/10.
