Just as it was easy to assume that a costume drama about kingdom could not go anywhere, we got a surprise, a moving and intelligent drama anchored by strong and charismatic performances by Emily Blunt, a miracle starring Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as the immediate forces that help shape one of England's most powerful monarchs. Emily plays the queen with a good combination of raw strength and innocence, recognizing the complexity of the task, but who has enough confidence to move forward. She can portray Victoria as a smart young woman who knows she needs support from some key players and must be able to stand on those who can have her best interests now. <br /> <br /> Victoria needs a clash of intrusions on her way to the crown, and even when she commands her new position, she discovers the path to self-sufficiency, depends on making very important decisions and of course the rights support. Fortunately for Victoria there is Albert, a man who looks like her and her soul mate. There is incredible chemistry between the two artists, and there is little doubt about what the outcome will be, but there is the figure of Bettany's prime minister, a man who supports Victoria in any way. <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as two parties who may be of dubious character and exercise considerable power in educating the young girl. Each of the supporting characters can use a little more development, but what we can see on the screen can be enough on the central character and an excellent performance of Blunt, an actress who has enough fire and passion in previous performances. . In this she gets the breakout role of her career, a true life-historical figure, who broke the rules and managed to rule for a very long time. She shows the seed of the power and character that the monarch needed in her later years. She also has a sweetness and innocence that has become the foundation of her charity work and future intervention in social change. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" is not a royal epic depiction of England's ruling class. It is an intimate story of how people grow up and what special circumstances they surround and form. In the end, the movie is a wonderful entry into a year that has shown much emphasis on war and destruction. Here is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far, and of course there is a good old-fashioned love story.
