What did you know? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the turbulent monarch who was 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, 40 years old, actually led a life of drama and intrigue in her younger days. "The Young Victoria" not only chronicles the young queen's romance with her husband, but also does a good job of describing the political trials surrounding her rise on the throne. The Act that I 'set up' immediately enters you. After the death of Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the duchess of Kent finally attacked the former army officer, John Conroy. He has his services as a proceeding to the widow and her baby. Conroy insisted that Victoria be included under the abominable 'Kensington system', rules aimed at making the future Queen no longer have contact with other children if he grows up. In addition, Victoria is forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she becomes queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that Parliament passed the Regency Act in 1830, which established that Victoria's mother would be ruled (and therefore guardian) in case Victoria joined the throne while he another minor was. During this time, the duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted that she sign documents that make Conroy her private secretary and treasurer. Victoria wants to have nothing of it, and refused to go with Conroy and her mother's shameful plans. The Duchess did not like King William, as she regarded him as a filander who disrespected the Monarchy; The king felt that the duchess had disobeyed his wife. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In an upper scene that actually occurred in history, the king robbed the duchess of his birthday banquet. He said it was his goal to survive until Victoria reached her 18th birthday so her mother could not be. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died Victoria shortly after he was in the throne. Victoria took revenge on her mother for her support of Conroy, which she blamed for making her childhood so miserable. They were both banned from a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace and for a number of years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> 'The Young Victoria' carries the excitement and pumping conditions around Victoria's coronation as queen. A good part of the movie is about Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Whig Party Prime Minister who unfortunately was portrayed so much younger than he actually was. In the beginning, Melbourne gets the young queen's confidence and becomes good friends. In the early years of her reign, she sees Melbourne as a progressive, but loses his respect for him a bit, as he is revealed as a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses he is supposed to champion. In fact, Melbourne was more of a father figure to Victoria, but the film shows a sexual tension between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic opponents. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced. out and the queen must be commissioner Sir Robert Peel, from the more conservative Tory party, as the new prime minister. The film chronicles the events of 'The Bedchamber Crisis' in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace her Bedchamber ladies with the Tory politicians. The film left another scandal involved with a Lady Hastings, one of the duchess's ladies in the guard, accused of having a relationship with John Conroy and becoming pregnant by him. Due to her hatred for Conroy, Victoria has contributed to the nasty rumors spread over Hastings's alleged pregnancy. As it turns out, Hastings just got pregnant? What she actually had was a stomach tumor. Victoria's inexperience shows during the Bedchamber Crisis, but the film's scenarios ignore some of the more indifferent aspects of her character, as evidenced by the Hastings Affair. <br /> <br /> The rest of 'The Young Victoria' is about - of course - the romance between Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria waited for Albert, as the film made clear, as she wanted to acclimatise herself as the new Sovereign. They had much time in agreement with each other until Albert returned to England and supported Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber crisis. <br /> <br /> I find a good number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the present queen's husband. While Philip is primarily Danish, he went to school in Germany and had brother-in-law who was from the German background. Both Albert and Philip did this to reform etiquette in court (there is a wonderful scene where Albert discovers that the servants are still setting up a table for King George III although he has been dead for years!). Albert's fight was the same for Philip as Monarge's men, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip became involved in various civilian projects and proved that they should not constantly live in the shadow of their ever-popular women. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is an excellent scene after the end of the movie. where Albert Victoria infects with what she sees as his "interference" in her affairs. Albert does not want a second 'Bedchamber Crisis', so he deals with his wife's head and arranges a compromise with Victoria's bedside ladies. Victoria almost talks to Albert when a killer's bullets almost cut them off (in the movie Albert was shot in the arm, but it never happened!). The performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially the principals, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The Young Victoria ends quite suddenly and the closing credits lend too much to hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But 'Victoria' is still an engaging drama and fascinating history lesson.
