I was initially forced to attend my wife because she was fascinated by the royal families of Britain and their history, and she would not go to the theater without me. Although viewers should not be expected to be electrified, this film is very well made and the visual aspect is unmatched. In many ways, it helps to prevent the myth from being Victoria's unlucky, unashamed dumpy woman who is usually seen in photographs. She was a bright intelligent and according to the history of her early years, a fun, beloved, happy young woman. Her love for Albert was at the heart of true love, and even if you just had the number of children she carried (9), they had a passionate relationship. All of these are well behaved in the film. For this reason, the role-player is well-chosen with Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend offering good performances such as Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) The historic accuracy is somewhat doubtful because Prince Albert is being shot while defending Victoria. There was at least one murder attempt when they were out, but nobody was hit by the shot. I also found it strange that little was done to expand on the allegedly intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is quite likely that this relationship was the real reason for Victoria's repulsion for both her mother and Conroy. I also found it strange that there was an attempt to portray the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as if it were in the romantic way or at least the potential to become romantic. He was already in his late 50s when Victoria came to the throne, and while marriages between older men and young women were common in that era, the movie presents Melbourne as a dripping something and competitive with Prince Albert. There were apparently competitors to Albert, but she could never have been faithfully below her station in life, and Albert was one of only a handful that would be acceptable anyway. <br /> <br /> All in all, I spent some time at the theater, and brownie points with my wife can't be a bad thing either.
