It is Queen Victoria's accident to define as a historical figure according to her relationships with men. Shortly after she passed the throne, she came under the influence of her Prime Minister, Lord Melbourne, to the extent that she became known as "Mrs Melbourne". After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was referred to as "The Widow at Windsor", and years later, a long-standing friendship with her Scottish Gillie John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs. Brown". So is the price women paid in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different and "Young Victoria" somehow goes straight to the record and portrays the Queen as an intelligent and independent young woman aware of the inequalities in her society and her court. Courts have always been grieved to have jealousy, plot and plot, naked ambition and sometimes utter murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria ascended to her uncle's throne, starting a positive orgy of plot and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival, Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne slashes in the Old Public School Man in his way with his finely crafted cynicism and his well-polished precious stones. It is not surprising, then, that the young queen finds herself deprived of him, and perhaps a little in love, an awe he relentlessly exploits. He draws a fine line between attempted seduction and sedition attempt because he enforces his policy through Victoria's better judgment. In the arena, Prince Albert, on a mission of King Leopold of Belgium, rides on political rapprochement between Britain and the rest of Europe. Initially he fell in love with the English Queen and relieved the influence of politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, brilliant-successful and very cute film. I note that in some respects this criticism has been criticized as if a film about the 19th century English law somehow made the emperor of India and her family living in a dirty workplace ... ..... I do not think so. I must point out the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminds me of the young Princess Margaret. She is, of course, the key and she has absolutely no trouble dominating the film, despite strong performances by Mr Broadbent, Miss. Miranda Richardson and me. Harriet Walter, all immeasurably more experienced. The music is really straightforward and forms a coherent part of the whole movie without being intrusive. The fact that Britain is flourishing among its two great queens, Elisabeth the First and Victoria, than at any other time, is a matter. Feminists would like to make more, but I suspect that, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, really powerful women make them feel uncomfortable. If you can find out why there may be a Ph.D. in it.
