Overall, I thought it was a very nice movie - I hate to use the word 'pretty' because it's pretty dry, but it was very nice to look at and the central performances by Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were great strong. What I liked most was that, despite the glittering aesthetics of the costumes and the institutions, they all gleamed and shone, never took the heart of the film, it was good, strong writing (thanks Julian Fellowes: D); nothing too flamboyant or saturated with pumping, it's not very sensational (when Victoria is dragged out of bed to be informed, she is now Queen, and you can't get a less glamorous hand over the crown). It was light on going and every line in the movie was worth it. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the portrayal of the love between Victoria and Albert, although somewhat fairy-tale-face, was a slow-burning candle and Friend and Blunt did well to show how effortlessly these two people "assembled 'despite the fact that the union was initially organized. (My fave was a bit when they came to the hunt at home and Victoria pressed her new man from behind, saying so much without words, that's what film is about). Blunt also liked her, she has a face that demands your attention and I can't wear the costumes she wears - everyone is just beautiful. If I were Blunt, I would struggle to divorce any of them! The rest of the ensemble role players all played their roles well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The only evil I have is that it doesn't have a sense of urgency, or an event that may have made the movie a little more exciting? (It was pretty soft) I don't know, I wanted "something" that would have given Victoria some power and would prove her worth a little more. When she and Albert argued, I loved it, I could have done with some more important dramatic moments, though it might just be me. <br /> <br /> Finally, with the risk of sounding all patriotic, it has a renewed kind of pride and awe in the crown and what it takes to be so, especially in one so young. It may be part of the fact that this movie's snap shot of Victoria's young life is immediately appropriate for what I wrote for one character of mine in 'The Sword & The Scion', but nevertheless it has noticed the feelings (for those What follows my book, guess what character Victoria so appropriately reflects?) It might have participated in the film showing how ridiculous the government was back in those times, because they didn't have two main conditions for the poor and the away. of the nation, reviving in turn appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this household domain. That made the government look a little useless - nothing changed, so I suppose. <br /> <br /> BLOG on movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
