What more can be said? I was not so fascinated by a young actress since Cate Blanchett burst into the scene more than ten years ago. And although both Blanchett and Blunt have now played Queens (seems to be the benchmark for emerging actresses), the roles are complete polar opposites. <br /> <br /> Simply put, if you are looking for high passion, compelling drama, and Machiavellian plot, this is not the movie for you. It is not to say that the writing or direction was bad, it is just that the subject of the movie did not lead a dramatic life compared to other well-known royalty like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor of Acquitane. These are people whose lives were good as good soaps are made and whose policies and decisions have changed the course of the British and, in most cases, world history. Victoria, on the other hand, caught the throne without incident. She had a nation that was rapidly becoming a global power due to industrialization and the rise of the fleet. Her state had a stable government led by capable and dynamic politicians and she was faithful. Immature has a harmonious family life. The facts of her life are not the Sturm und Drag, as powerful dramas are made. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, apart from the attempt to dramatize her shabby education and the operations around her throne, is the story of one thing that was truly shocking and surprising about her rule - a romance. A marriage made for financial or political reasons is not necessarily the place to look for a worldwide passion, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a patronage of marriage, happiness and ideal family life. So central to the film is the emerging love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very much welcomed by Rupert Friend's characterization of Albert, which he portrayed as a kind, patient, somewhat serious, and perhaps a touch naive young man who was looking for "doing good in the world and helping". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure to base a drama around, but as it is not the point of the story, it does not matter. The heart of the character shines through thanks to Friend's underlined but serious performance. <br /> <br /> As for the Queen, though. Emily Blunt is sublime. Her beauty cannot be denied, but she is more than just beautiful to look at; Her face is like quicksilver because of her expressiveness. The slightest bow of the eyebrow, glance of the eye or a little grudge smiles, produces so much. Again, it's not a bombastic performance of heavy speeches and passionate issues, it's not that kind of movie. But what Mrs. Blunting the role is the simple humanity of the character with strong subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joie de vivre being tried by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her twilight advisor / lover Conroy to sketch her dog in easy things like Victoria. We see her joy and fascination at the first meeting with Albert because her eyes are constantly being drawn on him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when she addressed Parliament over her ascension. And my favorite scene of everything in the film - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful as she steals herself to do what most women should never do in their lives - ask the man she loves to marry her, a proposal that is so ridiculous. For those times (and some will now say) that Victoria bursts out of the nervous system before she can even say "marry me". Again, this is not a movie for the top bigger than life expressions, but more a study in the subtleties of a character and the little things say so much. <br /> <br /> In general, I rate the movie it is and what it is trying to do and as such I give it a 7. I felt some of the politics could be better explained and some good actors were wasted with small and small character development, namely Miranda Richardson like the Duchess of Kent, and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the movie doesn't have to spend a great deal of time on those characters, but a little more exposition would have helped explain the political environment. I would also have liked to see more of the adaptation to the marriage between Victoria and Albert, but it can only be my greed for more scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In summary, this movie doesn't look in terms of a historical drama, but what it really is is a love story between two characters that are historical figures. I give this movie a solid 7 for great head performance, brilliant costumes and scenery and the beautiful Victoria of Emily Blunt. And anyone who has a romantic mess will be affected at the end of this movie. God saves the queen.
