The films in the British monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837 to 1901). For the past few years, the efforts of Keira Knightley's duchess, Cate Blanchett's Elizabeth films and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman have adopted the Boleyn sisters with The Other Boleyn Girl. More contemporary stories include Helen Mirren's award-winning depiction of The Queen on the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II during Princess Diana's turn. <br /> <br /> Each of these films features beautiful actresses with acting gravitas (ok, so some Johansson can dispute) or the taste of their moment, and each movie has a definite moment in their historical character's legacy that it has become a significant brain to make the events appear, and in fact Elizabeth has had enough to make two movies. However, the Young Victoria, as the title already indicates, is a tiny version of the young queen's life and if you are looking for the definite event, or the pile of political intrigue that plagues all royal households and their dealings with shade itself - serving politicians, unfortunately there is nothing deep in here. <br /> <br /> That's not to say The Young Victoria is without. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film chronicle in very simple terms, the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who will soon become the new IT girl) was a child, the problems she experienced before Coronation, such as the eagerness of her mother, the duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her adviser Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong) to appoint themselves as a joint ruler to her throne, as already by King King William (Jim Broadbent). As if that wasn't enough, the political power play in the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) trying to win the prime minister's trust in the new queen, and subtly his own trusted allies in the palace . On the one hand, do you understand the need for a young and new queen to trust people in key positions, but on the other hand, are they really in her interests or in the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even this corner of intrigue creeps into her romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship accounts for most of the second half of the movie, and almost everything already included in the trailers is. For both, they were brought up under the influence of others, and they told every step of the way exactly what to do. Even their union may seem like a firm registration of an alliance, if not for both loved ones recognize their common need to establish their own foundation, and to do so with the help of one another. Instead of being pawns, it is the ongoing search and exploration of opportunities to bust, and sometimes absurd, rules and regulations. Trust is also a highly valued commodity, and loyalty can also be traded to clear the slate. <br /> <br /> But all these themes become a breeze through the story, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is so much quick forward here, especially the last few minutes filled with inter-titles, that it really wants the audience, and room of course for another movie, which I suspect probably won't be the day, but maybe a TV series might pick up on the movie's reaction, and come out with a mini-series or so. It is a pity that all the trouble here to ensure the beautiful costumes, sets and artistic direction will be limited to a movie that is reasonably lightweight in the theme and brief mention of issues, that they do not really challenge the protagonists in order to provide make some victory over character-defining opponent. <br /> <br /> With his star-studded cast, one would expect more, but one would have left more. Recommended for those who are ever curious about Kings and Queens in British Monarchy, just as a complement to other, more interesting stories available in other films.
