Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line for England's throne. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and cannot live long. However, Vicky's mother-in-law, The Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her aide, John (Mark Strong), want to force Victoria to sign papers stating that they are the "regents" until they are older, as she is only 20 years old. is. age. The young woman refuses, despite John turning her over. It's another sign that Victoria has a strong will and deep love for her country. Still, when William is over, shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria knows she is working hard for her. First, she must surround herself with the "right" advisers to be wise. She picks up attractive Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) who, although an older man, is called a trial for Vicky. This brings us to the young great queen's second great decision. Sooner than not, the young queen must choose her future mate, as it will bring stability to her life and that of the kingdom, because an heir must appear in the years to come. Meanwhile, in Germany, some descendants of the British royal family are also some plans. Handsome Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), of the Saxon Coburg dynasty, is ordered by his father to hear the young English royal court. As soon as he arrives at the palace, he is beaten and the feeling seems to be mutual. But, being a minor player on the royal game formation card, can he succeed in winning her heart? It's a beautiful movie, which is even better made by a totally award-winning performance by Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, she's beautiful, but it's her intelligent reading of the very powerful role. Friend too, do well, just like the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (who is a repulsive role!), And the rest. Also, the film is suddenly shot, bought, and set, making it a visual surprise in all respects. If something is missing, it is an extra dose of blind, because the movie sometimes looks too straight and prose, sometimes, with a somewhat unattractive editing. However, this is just a small, small argument in an overall, very successful and beautiful film. In short, young and old, must make time for Young Victoria. It is a most worthy movie in 2009 movie offers.
