Queen Victoria's 63-year-old government may be one of the most documented and well-known historical rule in British history. On the one hand, her story lacks the theatrics of earlier royals thanks to a change in social climate and attitudes, and on the other hand, her story is one that persists because it is especially human. In the early years of her life, where the emerging romance between herself and the German Prince Albert was at the forefront, director Jean-Marc Vallee, who recently stayed in the unknown shadows of the industry, took Victoria's story and the human element so important to her legacy. This is a story that feels extremely humble, taking into account its exuberant background, yet it is partly what gives it a distinct edge that distinguishes it from the ordinary price. <br /> <br /> With a very direct and focused approach that focuses on a short five or so year period between her ascension and Albert's marriage. The Young Victoria does what offers so little period pieces of this kind. Instead of engaging in a massive encapsulation of such a figure's entire life, Vallee prefers to show off one of the lesser-known developments of Victoria's early years, which is easily overlooked. of the more well-known awards. The result is a feature that historians can unhappy with due to its relatively flippant greetings to facts and the like, but to never let documents get out of a compelling story, writer Julian Fellowes writes his guns and produces a slight rationalized but convincing depiction. Vallee takes it and runs, making sure that you fully uphold those elements with enough tension to maintain integrity with regard to both the history and the viewer. <br /> <br /> Much of the joy of watching The Young Victoria, however, only plays lies in the production values ​​provided here, which bring Britain's early 1800s Regal to life with a powerful realism that seldom as remarkable by genre films. All of the costume designs, sets, hairstyles, lighting and photography emphasize the grandiose background inherent in Victoria's story without ever emphasizing it. Indeed, as we look at how Vallee's interpretation comes to life, it is very difficult not only to suck through the aesthetics of the visual element; And then there's the movie's score, which really works the elegant, but personal tones that Fellowes's writing dominates. The work of Schubert and Strauss's work in Victoria and Albert's story not only serves as a reference point for the characters to play with, but also the work of elegance, and recalls that it is also the original work of composer Ilan Eshkeri is. br /> <br /> But for all the pleasant compositions, sumptuous backgrounds and impeccable costumes that distinguish each scene, the most important factor here, and in most cases dramas, is the performance of the cast and how they help bring the world into which they exist, in life. Fortunately, the Young Victoria is blessed with an equally impeccable ensemble of Thespians, young and old, who does a great job of just doing it. Between the sweet, budding romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggle of her advisers and the like (played by a terrific Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), the common conflicts and warmth are At Fellowe's screenplay, it is perfectly conveyed by all those involved who help to be the movie of a plastic, "nice to look at but dull below" as common with these outings. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to fault a job like young Victoria. It has a perfect touch and human sense of love within its perfect romance, plus a historical meaning that plays as an interesting source of interest to those in the audience interested in such details. Of course, this may not be the role of the movie world, and there is a certain meaning to its overall presence, which prevents it from becoming more than just a spicy-obstructed romantic drama. but in a sense it makes it enjoyable. Vallee never seems to strive for grandeur, nor does he seem to make a nice milestone movie for aficionados. Somewhere in this gray middle ground lies The Young Victoria, to make sure of genre fans and those who are a little more disillusioned with the usual productions; beautiful, memorable, but mostly human. <br /> <br /> - An Overview by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
