In addition to the longest government in British history (63), Queen Victoria also has two other distinctions. She was, apart from our current queen, the oldest ever British monarch, who was 81 years old. And she was also the youngest ever British (as opposed to the English or Scottish) monarch who came to the throne as a girl of eighteen. And yet, when television or the cinema makes a program or film about her, they seem to be more interested in the older Victoria than they do in the young girl; the version of Victoria with which modern audiences are probably best known is Judi Dench in "Mrs. Brown". "The Young Victoria" is trying to correct the balance by showing the events surrounding her accession and the early years of her government. It has the rare distinction that it is manufactured by a former Royal, Sarah Duchess or York. The daughter, Princess Beatrice, makes a short appearance as an extra. <br /> <br /> There are three main strings to the plot. The first is about the intrigues of Victoria's mother, the Duke of Kent, a highly unpopular figure, even with her own daughter, mainly due to the influence of her adviser, Sir John Conroy, who was often rumored to be her lover. (According to one unfounded rumor, he was, not the late Duke of Kent, Victoria's natural father). The second point concerns the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert, and the efforts of King Leopold of Belgium, who were their uncle, influenced this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the Saxe-Coburg House, to which he and Albert belong). The third point relates to one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the Bedchamber Crisis of 1839, when the supporters of the Tory Party (who traditionally supported a strong monarchy) riot because the young queen was observed to the Whig Party and their leader Lord favor Melbourne, although the Whigs historically supported a quasi-republican government system, reduced the monarch to an image head. <br /> <br /> Writing writer Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wondered if it might have colored his treatment of political themes, as he was on the side of the Tories, the predecessors of the modern Conservative party, lean. Their leader, Robert Peel, is regarded as a statesman and dignified, while Melbourne, for all his hustle and bustle, is shown to be careless and unimportant in social reform. There may be a truth about these traits, but Fellowes shines on the fact that the Tories were opposed to the Reform Law, which ended the corrupt rape assembly system a few years earlier, and benefited from William IV's unconstitutional dismissal of a Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in Dynamic and Constitutional History do not always transfer to the BioScreen, and this one contains its part of inaccuracies. For example, Prince Albert was not injured in Edward Oxford's attempt to be Victoria's life, and Melbourne (in his late fifties at the time of Victoria's entry) was not as youthful as he is portrayed here by Paul Bettany. King William IV certainly did not keep the Duchess of Kent (who was his son-in-law), but I doubt he has gone so far that she stayed with her at a state banquet, as shown here. I also didn't understand the meaning of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy Victoria tried to force a "Regency Order"; The Duchess's constitutional position was made clear by the Regency Act 1830, which states that she will become Regent if her daughter was still eighteen at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could have changed the provisions of the Act. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional infelicities. In an early stage we see that Victoria and Albert play chess while comparing themselves to ponies moving around a chessboard, a metaphor that has been so broken that the whole scene must be completed with a "Danger! Major cliché! " warning. But despite scenes like this, I came to enjoy the movie. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the crooked Duchess and Mark Strong as the stupid Conroy. It is visually appealing, shot in spectacular style, we came to associate with British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives an amusing turn as King William, though he sometimes deviates from the temptation to go over the top. (Though not as disastrous as he was in Moulin Rouge.) <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the movie is the performances of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as the two young lovers. Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria was in real life, but in her beautiful depiction, the Queen is no longer the old lady of the popular imagination, the black-dressed widow of Windsor who is not ever amused, but a determined, strong-hearted and loving young woman. Her love for Albert, and their happy family life, was one of the main reasons why the monarchy succeeded in restoring itself into the hearts of the British people. (With the exception of George III, Victoria's Hanoverian ancestors were infamous in marriage). Blunt and Friend make "The Young Victoria" a pleasant romance and a gripping human drama, as well as exploring a key period in British history. 8/10
