The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's dark 4 and a half hour poem to Siberia should not be started immediately, as it must be held back for space, as it takes its time in roundabouts exploring half-remembered childhood memories in the center of the center backwoods village, but the movie continues to pick up steamhouse in emotional resonance as if even the sounds and images are imprinted with a mere connection to their subject with the quality of a fiery tireless silent dignity that the Soviet working spirit attribute. Konchalovsky celebrates Soviet collectivity, but in an almost revisionist way to Paeans such as Soya Cuba and Invincible, the mood becomes gloomy and reflective. News of the revolution reaches the secluded Siberian village through the vineyard. The fruits of his labor only reach this when a world war encourages the young men to enter. By all this, Konchalovksy puts a zero on the individual, with caution and love to acquaint the bitter longing and regret of the woman who waited six years after the war with a fiancé who never returned, waiting long enough to leave. to go and become a barmaid. In a ship with velvet benches and which stopped his return to her village for years to provide for an obsolete uncle who killed the fiancé's father with an ax, the relentless folly of the fiancé was of war returning a hero also returned 20 years ago not for the sake of the girl he left, but for drilling oil for the motherland, the despair and resignation of the middle-aged regional party leader coming back to his small Siberian village with the sole purpose of cutting out the card to build a power station. The 10-year-to-12-year film victory of the 10s to the 80s with incredible news material covering the Soviet history of the revolution to war famine and the titanic technological achievements of a rich (immense footage here!) of crowds and faces), but the real film focuses on the individual, on triumphs and folly small and large. By the second half, a feeling of bittersweet fatalism creeps in; of broken lives that never reached fulfillment, choked with regret and desire. "It can't matter", looks like the world says, which Konchalovksy answers "it must matter" because the protagonists are still trying to try salvation. <br /> <br /> But behind this saga of "man against landscape" something appears to be shady, almost substandard, like the Eternal Old Man hermit that occurs in every segment to lead or reject the protagonists, sometimes a mere spectator, sometimes the enigmatic sage, a little over and above all the other straight and logical incomprehensible ultimatums challenges and affirmations of human characters, it seems we are invisible to shelter. dreams appear, repeated shots of a star shining in the night-sky, a peculiar bear, indeed the Eternal Old Man himself; Konchalovksy calls awe and reverence for a mystical land of a different order. backward society struggling with nature's progress and time and the way it learns to handle it, often funny bizarre and tragic at the same time, and in how the director never allows cynicism to ignore his humanism, reminds me of Shohei Imamura's D ie the wandering needs of the gods. When Alexei in a dream scene tears through the boards of a door plastered by a Stalin propaganda poster to reach out to his (dead) father while disappearing into the mist, the movie tips at the Soviet treason -dream, or better still, in all the things lost in the revolution, this betrayal made more explicit in the film's fiery denial. The incredible footage, elegant and gloomy with a raw naturalistic edge, helps to seal the deal. Towards the end, an oil spill flames in flames and the movie breaks into a wild explosion of pure theater.
