This movie seems to be designed as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - the plot sketch, dance numbers, zippy music and the whole formula is there ... except Ginger! Whether it was originally intended as a re-linking of the team is uncertain, but it certainly has the appearance of one of these films. Instead of Fred's ordinary sidekicks (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used. Probably, although known as a comedy team, they can dance well and well. It really shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were done with Fred and Gracie or the two with George. Just once, in the end, dances Mrs. Fontaine with Fred, but it's very short and with a far camera shot. <br /> <br /> And I'm talking about Burns and Allen, I think it's up to the team to talk about them in the movie. I've never been a fan of their show or their movies. Overall, I find Gracie's deadly act very annoying and I have given some poor reviews to their movie pants and full-screen films. However, in this film I have to admit that they were wonderful - not only compete, but I actually thought it was funny and filled the hole that Edward Everett Horton left very well. They were at the top of their game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, for the rest of the movie, it's fun and fun. The problem for me, however, was that Joan Fontaine was not a very good choice for the movie - not just because she was acting outside of her series (after all, she was not a singer or dancer), but because she was the screen presence a ball ribbon. As a result, the usual balance and great boy dialogue were missing. There was also a very nice show by Harry Watson as a devilish little boy who did everything he could to play cupid - all because he wanted to win a bet! And lastly, I loved the Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequence - it's too hard to describe, but it's so much fun to watch! Overall I liked the movie of the movie - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, it also has a dull display. Fontaine had a switch off - my score for this movie to 7.
