Soon, Americans will be damaging a blackened England, which has prepared England to conquer Europe, but in 1937 the picture of hip-Americans in the sunny, slightly ridiculous English countryside was an attractive, idyllic distraction. American dancer and heartbeat Jerry Halliday (Astaire), on a European tour and tired of the screaming female crowd generated by the furious propaganda of his driver (Burns), is unknowingly caught up in the marital prospects of frustrated heirs Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine ). The story is complicated by a bet pool among the Marshmorton servants run by (and rigidly) cutter Keggs (Gardiner), who played on Lady Alice's cousin Reggie (Noble), the favorite of Alice's hug, dominant aunt ( Necklace). The story would have been much better than a half-hour TV episode. The usual Wodehouse plot devices of wrong identity and jump to wrong conclusions are thin in a full movie. Both Alice and Jerry appear impossible (and annoying) clueless at the second half of the film. The amusement park interlude & the climax in the castle is too long and starts to drag. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a blonde blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while young footballer Albert (Watson) is painfully awful. But while "Damsel" is a fairly small vehicle for so much talent, the talent doesn't let us down. Astaire's romantic comedy skill is no less enjoyable here than in any of his films featuring Ginger Rogers and his dance scenes, solo and Burns & Allen, in turn, although she is one dance with a beginner. Joan is necessarily soft. Gracie almost steals the whole show as George's bubbly secretary, who is immediately on the air, fucking and cool. Her play with solid character actor Gardiner as the fake snob Keggs is a one-of-a-kind classic. This and Astaire's priceless scene with the Madrigal singers gives "Damsel" a beautiful color of naive, but precious Americans who mix with noble but dull spirit English. Gershwin is at the top of the game with 'Nice Work If You Can Get It' & 'Stiff Upper Lip', which bears the film through its weak points. And is there another movie where madrigals get a Gershwin swing treatment? "Damsel" is more than a piece of trivia for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she was a real star. This is a great distraction as entertainment as any of the vaudeville musical comedies that ruled in the 1930s, but will never be made again.
