In a famous essay he writes about Charles Dickens. George Orwell points out that many readers always regret that Dickens has never continued to write as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS, ie he did not write funny episodic novels for the rest of his career. It wouldn't have been too hard for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees did just that, just to focus on the jackal jackets misadventures (MR FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is a title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees has another, but most people find their novels unreadable. Dickens was determined to show he was more than a funny man (and don't forget, his first book, SKETCHES AT BOZ, was also a funny book). So Dickens's third book is OLIVER TWIST (which has become almost pretty grim). Orwell says that for any author to grow, they need to change the style of their books. Dickens would definitely (and successfully) agree on it. <br /> <br /> But Orwell overlooked the genre writer who left his fellows. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who focuses on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse saw himself as an entertainer, who was fun at the top levels of the British social system. His Earl of Emsworth is able to build the best pig in England than to ... Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith is always willing to resist when he is supposed to be submissive to an unfair superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that has to make a big profit (but can always come to an end). And best of all, his Jeeves will always put his brilliant brain to work to save his boss's ungrateful Bertie Wooster. Since Wodehouse had a limited image of his mission as a writer - he was there to make cartoon characters fun for the entertainment of the world - his books never lost their brilliance. They served (and still serve) their goals. In fact, Wodehouse compares with its much more serious contemporary Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but of a more intellectual nature. The best of Waugh remains among the high points of British literature of the 20th century: BRITISH HEADS REPEAT, DECLARES AND FALLS, and the rest. But in his determination to make his points, if his points did not interest the reader, the book often collapsed. For every VILE body there was some failure in his career like the ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse can also do less work, she did not fall as far as Waugh's. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a gifted lyric (if you hear 'Bill' in SHOWBOAT's score, it's not Kern and Hammerstein's tune, but Kern and Wodehouse's tune has a dozen years ago Uncle Lady, Transformation transferred). He was also a handy playwright. So it's nice to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and showed it here in the screenplay. <br /> <br /> It has the normal Wodehouse touch. The perfect Butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a great show) is a scam in setting a "friendly" gambling game of chance among the staff of the stately home he heads. He may also deviate from the Italian opera - despite Constance Collier's efforts to control his impulse. This is typical Wodehouse characterization. So is the way the love affair between Lady Alyce and Jerry goes well and goes down because of the mutilation of Keggs and young Albert, who both want to win the game of chance. Wodehouse always does that kind of plot switch, with antagonists changing their position, depending on their current state of affairs. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also happy to work for Burns and Allan. It is widely regarded as all the films they have made as supporting actors (such as SES or A CHILD, and we didn't dress). George and Gracie did their best with Fred Astaire. The Fun House series, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is great, just like a previous series where the three make a "beating" dance (which has taught Burns to Astaire). But Gracie's wonderful illogical logic is used by Wodehouse in scenes at Gardiner (see how she manages to give her more than her change deserves to be - just Albert happens to see Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and watch Gardiner as if he were either stupid or angry. Her dialogue with Lady Caroline (Collier) son Reggie (Ray Noble, British band leader) suggested he would marry her, but marrying Gracie as a farewell to George, it is also wonderful. br /> <br /> The movie has apparently failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers in it, and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine doesn't do a remarkable job, but the mistake is really Wodehouse's - he didn't make the character very interesting. But the movie can stand by, given the other artists and their characters, Gershwin's music, and Wodehouse's wonderful sense of fun.
