For 'Zavet' there were similarities between Tim Burton and Kusturica's artistic vision. They find their own poetic style, and then they become captivated. Burton has (and still does) Depp, Kusturica's Miki Manojlovic, and somehow they have critical praise for repeating the same formula over and over. However, there are people like me who find jokes just funny when they first heard it. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst movies are 'Black Cat White Cat' and 'Life is Miracle'. 'Zavet' is something completely different. You may like it, you may hate it, but it's NOT just another Kusturica poetic ?? Balkan dreamy things. Of course, if you want to be praised, you have to play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to just make another flying gypsum movie and get it. Fortunately, as a valiant person, he chooses to make a film that will look ironic to his previous works. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and very hard parody on previous Kusturica movies directed by Kusturica itself. It's great to see one big movie director not to take himself too seriously. It's quality that Kusturica has and even the biggest, like Bergman or Kubrick, don't have. This movie is so meaningless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep, and so careless it becomes hilarious. The same thing that "Plan 9 from outer space" cult will make this masterpiece to people who know how to see it. Average Western viewer won't get few references. The most striking, owner of the band shop is Srbljanovic, and it refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, well-known Serbian dramatic author. Politically, she is very active as left-wing liberals, and she despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica's "all but not subtle" was to throw Miki Manojlovic into Srbljanovic's store. Second reference is made to Goran Bregovic ?? previous Kusturica's composer. He formed 'Funeral and Wedding Dresses' and began to perform in Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is just a performer and most of his songs (if not all) are poor coverage of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's attack on Bregovic was to confront a wedding and a funeral, with funeral mocking. Music also covers Western classics such as 'London Bridge falls' or French lullabies. You find this unfunny? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when we hear Bregovic's terrible decks. I really like this movie because it doesn't pretend to be deep, it's so crowded with symbols that it becomes parody, and it is beautifully targeted, as all its works are. If you like previous Kusturica's movies, there's a big chance you will hate it. If you don't like his last movies, you can find it a pleasant surprise, as it is like Fellini, who directs 'Pink Flamingos'. On purpose. I have a great respect for this man after Zavet. Next Tim Burton movie will surely have main character with pale faces. Next Kusturica movies can be easy on the strangers entering the Earth. This is why he is the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
