Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty from Japan. A real weeper! I heard good reviews for the movie and rented it from Netflix. Am I glad I did! In many ways, this movie reminds me of the old style of Japanese classic films from the 1940s and 1950s that I have so much accomplished, as seen in Yasujiro Ozu pictures - the title credits even begin in the same way, with Japanese letters (characters ) in red against neutral color barrier material. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style has also been used: mostly indoor sets with only a few outdoor scenes. Even some pillow tracks, as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is built on the love of the characters for each other. <br /> <br /> The story follows the lives of a Japanese family before and during and after World War II. The mother takes care of her growing girls the best she can after the father (a university professor) has been arrested for anti-war sympathy. He has never been freed and has only a few brief encounters with his wife in prison before he dies of famine and illness. Meanwhile, a former professor of the professor regularly comes to help care for the mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with the mother and is a replacement father for the two girls. But war started and he was set up and they had to say a sudden farewell. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever return from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and gentle spirit in performing the main actress, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She's almost a Madonna type, she's so beautiful! Great psychological eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive performance. There is no macho in him at all; He is gentle and friendly. I would definitely love to see both of these in other movies. I think I'll see what's available to them. The two little actresses are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The movie was released only on NTSC DVD for American audiences, with very easy to read English subtitles. I gave it a 10 out of 10 on the IMDb. I almost cried as much as the Japanese film classic Twenty-Eye (1954). Don't miss this movie!
