My introduction to Yoji Yamada's film world is through his famous and recent Samurai trilogy featuring The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I have enjoyed three movies, and I watch the fast, veteran director's filmography and it will take me a long time to watch all his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say when Kabei Our Mother finally reached our coast, I jumped to watch an ode for mothers everywhere, and celebrate their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our Mother tells of a closed family of four? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and youngest child Teru (Miku Sato). From the beginning, their lives will change forever, when Shigeru is arrested under the Peace Conservation Act for his morally controversial writings against the people, which took place in the late 30s where Japan began their "crusade" in China, and then their participation in World War II. <br /> <br /> So, Kabei's struggle to keep work started to feed her family, and the regular, difficult meetings with her husband behind bars. Help comes from family members, especially on Shigeru's side, as Kabei's own father adopted a "I told you" attitude with her choice of spouse. Shigeru's one-time student, Yama (arthouse buffs, must recognize Tadanobu Asano here) gives laughter as a clumsy man slowly becoming confident and surrogate guardian of the children, and Kabei's son-in-law Hisako (Rei Dan) of Hiroshima, whom I believe would sounded some alarm bells behind her unfortunate fate as the film progressed through his timeline. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses mainly on how children grow up under the presence of their mother and in a distant relationship with their father, what I enjoyed is how microscopic family events unfold under the macroscopic global events that impact on the general people of Japan. It is against the historical background of Japan's quest for regional domination. There are characters here who don't hide the ambitions, and even discuss what the country would eventually do if it were to succeed in conquering countries. This is something I rarely see in Japanese movies, it's fair in their discussion of that era, and also to get a glimpse of how the ordinary man has to struggle with domestic issues, which are made more difficult by resources following the war effort. can be channeled. <br /> <br /> The actors being thrown here are perfect in their delivery and roles, these are the veterans or the child actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention for her role as the motherly figure who has to dig deep and find the inner power to carry the household under difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato love the concept of children who must learn and compromise . Each scene with the three of them together just makes it sad when it gets tough, or fill your heart with joy as they celebrate. Earlier, you find yourself attracted to being part of this family, thanks to the primary cast's powerful performances, with Yoji Yamada cooling many children's natural appearances. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother boasts a beautifully beautiful art direction and is attractive in delivering both happy and sad moments without going over, or relying on cheap melodrama to get the emotions he has from the audience, too cheap. There are many small things that are done right, which makes it perfect, with every scene that is not wasted, and with every nuance very meaningful to convey the message, whether it is compassion or love. <br /> <br /> Except The very abrupt end (I hoped it could last for many more, despite its more than 2 hours long). Kabei Our Mother is highly recommended, and you will find it hard to keep your tears, or that thought about your own mother and her sacrifices that she makes on a daily basis. Just what those sacrifices are, you must have another reminder, then the scene during the final credit roll reminds you of the things that you probably took for granted.
