"I hate the stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid this one starts the day we buried George. Not that we buried him. In the area we burned him." So speaks Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow. She led a comfortable, predictable life with George. She has two grown children and a 12-year-old grandchild. But when she was 15 and in school, in the middle of World War II, she played the scissors at night in an All-Girl group, The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a beautiful villain who had no desire to fight and possibly be killed. With a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost as well as the others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself on the attic of her home and plays the sax she threw away. She got used to it, but only when George was out of the house on the golf course. Then two things happened. Her granddaughter, surprised at how good Elizabeth is, starts talking about how the Blonde Bombshells can be reunited and play with her school dance. Then Elizabeth Patrick (Ian Holm) now meets as much as Elizabeth, and as much attracted to her as he was more than 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to all the other members of the Bomshells. The roses that appeared on his bass drum had a special meaning that proved his love.) Well, why not see if the other members of the group can be it and why not This is a shot for a reunion performance at her granddaughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? One member of the group is gaga. One is dead. One is in jail. One found salvation at the rescue army. One they can't find. One is last known to be in the states. One is a professional singer and does not intend to attend a school event, even for a reunion. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick bring together the surviving members of the Bombshells. We don't know if enough of them can be found. The rehearsals are more often than not in the key spots. As they do, we share Elizabeth's flashbacks on what life was like when she and Patrick were young in London during the war while playing bombs. Just as terrible as it was, it was the most exciting time of their lives. When the night of Elizabeth's granddaughter's dance arrives, the Blonde Bombs, full of jitters and innovative friendships, blow away the youth. Then Elizabeth tells us that the Bombshells are still playing, and that she and Patrick have no plans to get married ... but see nothing wrong with a little fool. <br /> <br /> It's sentimental hogwash, knowledgeable, and not bad at all. What makes it work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term, "hot hearty comedy," I usually cut unless the actors are first class. Dench and Holm are wonderful to watch, because they take something as lightweight and predictable as this writing and turn it into something that charms us. Then there is the "old broad" gambit which is fun if you remember the old bridges. Among the Blonde Bombshells are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost overbalances the production. She is so strong and uniquely a jazz talent that she becomes the Cleo Laine Show during the song. Another attractive feature is the number of great WWII songs played in strong swing.
