Many of her adult children, and almost immediately after the death of Elizabeth (Dame Judy Dench) spouse, are bowed to the widow, lofty tenor saxophone player, to openly return to her musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer needs to practice scissors on the attic. As she is more excited to play in the open, Elizabeth takes a walk along the memory track, remembering when she was a 15-year-old jazz swing band member, The Blonde Bombshells. It was probably an all-girl WWII group of talented jazz swing musicians. One of the "Blonde Bombshells" members was a woman, cross-dressing drummer, Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained friends. <br /> <br /> Both Patrick & Elizabeth's 12-year-old granddaughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), presses Elizabeth to round up and re-perform the former band members; this time as a lot of sex agarian. Among the band members she finds is the (still foxy!) Basspel, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), a trumpeter, alcoholic and outspoken, money-stolen divorce and widow who visits her many (early) marriages in a Craigievar Scottish Castle; Gwen, (actual American star jazz singer, Clio Laine), with main speech; Annie, (June Whitfield), as the Trombone player of the Salvation Army; Betty (piano player, Joan Sims), who trained the ivory keys in a Hastings bar. <br /> <br /> As Elizabeth, Patrick and Joanna explore the world for members of the 1940s and try to convince them to go together, Elizabeth is often next to herself because she learns more than she wants to know about their adult lives - including her own - playing a huge movie with the last of the live Blonde Bombshells. <br /> <br /> Amusing, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, multi-generation entertainment is fun. The actors perform great performances. Regardless of their ages, they are still Bombshell entertainers who have set up a show. (The DVD is now out and worth owning due to the bonus features and Dolby Digital sound). Surely as a fan of any of these awesome actors, the VHS is a collector's item.
