Obsession occurs in many flavors and exists for a variety of reasons; For some it is nothing more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it can be a way of survival. Lack of nurturing, combined with the inability to negotiate even the simplest essentials of daily life or the basic social requirements, can even force a genius to embrace enthusiastically that offers a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the object of that gratification can become a manipulated obsession, turning that individual on until what started out as a way of survival, the impulse of his withdrawal, and like us in the "Luzhin Defense", below. Marleen Gorris' leadership, a high level of intelligence will not ensure a satisfactory solution to the problem, and can actually worsen the situation. Obsession, it seems, has no prejudice or preference; In addition, it does not give a quarter. <br /> <br /> At an Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of the many who gathered for a chess tournament, the winner of which will be the world. champion. Luzhin is a master of the game, but he is vulnerable because chess has long ceased to be a match for him; Rather, it is his obsession, the one thing discovered in childhood has seen him all his total obscurity in seemingly all parts of life and enabled him to deal with the subtle disenfranchisements of his immediate family. So Luzhin is a genius with an Achilles heel, a mistake that may know and understand only one other person, and further realize, this great tournament can be used for his own personal benefit. The man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), Luzhin's former mentor, who, after a few years' absence, suddenly appeared and announced to Luzhin. <br /> <br /> Valentinov is an unwelcome, disturbing presence of Luzhin, and once again life threatens to overpower him. Not only is he about to meet a formidable opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against whom he emerged in a previous game after fourteen hours with a draw, but is also trying to " solving a new element in his life - his feelings for a young woman he just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And, genius, though he may be, comes dark clouds above him who can only deepen Luzhin's obsession with the saving grace, as well as the curse of his entire life. <br /> <br /> tells Luzhin's story, using Gorris effectively flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that led very quickly to his chess obsession. And as its background is established, it offers the insights that allow the audience to understand more who Luzhin is and how he came to this point in his life. For the spectacle of his childhood textures Gorris provides them with an appropriate dark atmosphere and a subtle sense of occurrence that continues in the present, more pastoral environment of the resort. The transitions that weave the past with the present are well handled, and with the new Gorris sets, it makes a sounding but unobstructed presentation that works very well. She also underlines the threat produced by Valentinov's presence, concentrating on the drama rather than the tension, which ultimately increases the overall impact of the film, making Luzhin's tragedy all the more credible and disturbing. <br /> <br /> However, the single element that makes this movie so memorable is the influence of John Turturro. For this movie to work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible; One false or dilapidated moment would be disastrous, as it would immediately take the viewer out of the story. However, this does not happen and the film does not work, because the Luzhin Turturro creates impeccably honest and true-to-life. He captures Luzhin's genius, as well as his shortcomings, and offers his character in terms of exceptional storytelling and very real. It is a show equal to, if not surpassed, Geoffrey Rush's portrayal of David Helfgott in `Shine. "And if you compare his work here with other characters, he was created, from Sid Lidz in 'Unstrung Heroes' to Pete in 'O Brother Where Art You?' to Al Fountain in "Box of Moonlight", you realize what an incredible series of Turturro has as an actor, and what a remarkable artist he really is. <br /> <br /> As Natalia, Emily Watson is also excellent, turning into a fairly reserved show through which she develops and presents her character very nicely. Although she should be a bit outgoing to relate to Luzhin, Watson manages it in an introspective way that is completely effective. Most importantly, because of the detail she brings to her performance, it makes her accelerated relationship with Luzhin credible and gives total credibility to the story. You just have to look at Watson's eyes to know that the feelings she is conveying are real. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Markus Tandy (Luzhin's Father), Kelly Hunter (Luzhin's Mother), Alexander Hunting (Young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well-Manufactured and Delivered, "The Luzhin Defense" is an emotional film presented with a dedicated compassion that causes a feeling of sadness and perhaps a reflection on man's inhumanity to man. We do not need a movie to tell of course that there is cruelty in the world; but we are well served by the theater medium when it reminds us of something we should never forget, because we all have the ability to make positive changes and make a difference in the lives of those around us. I rate this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
