One of America's most brilliant film directors was without a doubt Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suited to thrilling tensions, as Kazan had more space to breathe and be slower and more subtle. "Panic in the streets", however, is a leading social stuff and today is more relevant than it was until 1950 when it was released. The themes of illegal immigrants, people-smuggling, threatening plagues, rapid disease transfer (a worried Richard Widmark says, "I can be in an American city tomorrow in ten and in Africa."), Ethnic isolation and ghetto Today's concern more than ever. This film features a spectacular film command by Jack Palance, and a wonderful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, who played two slips of pleasure. Richard Widmark may not even be a psychopath, and is a very caring, heartfelt loving, intense hero of the people. He basically leads a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of pneumonia in New Orleans, struggling to convince slow politicians and self-sufficient policemen that there is a problem. There is a race against time to find the villains who have contracted a dead illegal immigrant in 48 hours before the entire city. As they always remind us of the whole country, the worst is compromised. since the 1919 flu. One wonderful scene where Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from boarding a ship through a rope barrier, is ironic in the extreme, and reminds us in the most horrific terms that people are the worst carriers and be vermin of all. The highly dramatic pursuit scenes they call "the coffee factory" are Hitchcock's most resourceful climax, and with such a spectacular setting. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which is the eager realism of, indeed, something called reality. Kazan really takes the cameras in places where even people rarely go, and where even rats would have thought twice. This film was an important achievement of social realism. If it lacks the power of the highly charged tension makers, it is because Kazan has taken it so seriously that it could not lift it, because the threat of pest is serious enough to scare someone without the need for extra guns and molls. The only unfortunate thing about the movie is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was all superficial. He clearly saw this project as a public duty, to warn us of real possibilities. If only those possibilities have diminished today, but unfortunately they are getting worse every day. One day, after a worldwide scourge, this movie can be shown to a few survivors as an example of how an outbreak on film occurs, but its lessons have been forgotten.
