A little fun in life runs the old movie path at the rental shop and picks things just because I haven't seen them. A great pleasure is to take that movie home and find a little treasure like this on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan traded himself in a brand, he only saw remarkable movies (not good), which made it better than the average drama. When you see it, you begin to see how many beautiful, good or beautifully perceived scenes have accumulated. Contrast this with his later films where the drama is written ... preferably large and impeccable and scandalous. Kazan was ultimately more of a calculation promoter than a director. (Um. No thanks) <br /> <br /> His future remains are shown here only in the plot. The plague comes! But here is an atypical Richard Widmark who played a family member in 1951 and avoided most of the outbreaks of those tropics; here is an almost sighted Barabra call Geddes, turned away with her bados (well for her); they are a few and they share some pretty written scenes about big crises and smaller ones. Here is a knowledgeable comic quiz with a lot of ship ships; Here is a beautiful moment as a chase starts at a corner warehouse and a herd of birds shoots overhead punctuating the moment. These are the small-scale successes that can provide a movie in which a viewer can actually recognize life; something that Hollywood in his greed now avoids pupil. These are the moments that make me enjoy and enjoy. It's a personalized, man-dyed movie, not the grotesque, overarching production he and others (David Lean) will later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in the crap, as varied as Pirates of the Caribean and Moulin Rouge. <br /> <I just watched it twice and I will be condemned if I can tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final scenes, but it doesn't look as important to me as a viewer. It reminds me of Both No Way Out a Poitier noir with Widmark as the villain, and Naked City, with which you really have to get your hands.
