'Panic in the streets (1950)' owes more to the British noir that its US counterparts. Like Reed's "The Third Man (1949)" and Dassin's "Night and the City (1950)", director Elia Kazan chose to film mainly, and capture the fresh and vibrant decadence of the New Orleans slums. lies. In a decision borrowed by the masters of Italian neo-realism, he also hired many non-professional actors for small roles, providing an air of authenticity to the cityscape. Further comparisons with neo-realism will be wrong, because 'Panic in the streets' is pure melodrama of the best kind. A murdered illegal immigrant, captured from the bay, is found with a pneumonic plague, a deadly airborne mutation of bubonic pest that is transmitted from human to human and untreated, having a mortality rate approaching 100. %. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an official of the US public health service, convinces the dubious police officer (Paul Douglas) to undertake a man-made man-hunt for the men responsible for the murder, so that they are not infected with the disease either. no. <br /> <br /> In my younger years I found that Wolfgang Petersen's 'Outbreak (1995)' is one of the most horrible movies I've ever seen. That tension, which is largely due to Panic in the Streets (working title: "Outbreak") has scared me so effectively because it depicts the Ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer ?? how does one defend himself against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (of which I know) to approach the subject of biological epidemics, although it is difficult to spot visual recognition from an enemy who is basically unrecoverable to the human eye; It rather uses Jack Palance as a human personification of the Pes. Despite venturing among the turbulent droughts of human society, you never get the feeling that Clinton Reed is endangering his own life (some viewers have noticed that Reed has never vaccinated against the plague, although I think so is safe to assume that he did it concurrently with the butcher's staff, yet there is still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the infected man's killers, underground street gears that pollute the sewers with their iniquities. <br /> < In the Middle Ages, when the Black Death (now widely believed to have been bubonic plague) tossed over the civilized world and killed a third of Europe's population, many identified the destruction as the devil's work. character, Blackie, serves effectively as Satan in human form: sometimes the angry crook can be charming and charismatic, but is always exploding in the form of violence, his two hoodlums (played by Guy Thomaj an and Zero Mostel), through terror more than anything else, constantly stomping at his feet. When one becomes ill with fever, Blackie discovers that the man's nephew cousin "included something with him" (the irony of his conclusion does not go unnoticed), and attempts to determine what this presumably valuable object should be . He pushes the dying Poldi into his arms, a grotesque display of faux affection that is both pathetic and disturbing. Blackie / Satan finally stopped? not by the authorities, but by the burden of its own infection / evil ?? while attempting to drive a cargo ship, the primary vessel with which the pest spreads in Europe.
