As the film opens, two villains kill another death. When the body is discovered and is about to make autopsy, the doctor realizes that the man has been shot dead, but also suffers from the pneumonia plague - a very nasty and more virulent version of the Bubonic plague! It is therefore a race against time to find and treat those who have come into contact with the dead, otherwise a disaster may erupt. Strange, I actually know quite a bit about the Pneumonic plague, as I learned a series of lectures about it for my history classes. The movie didn't really do a good job of getting the facts right about the disease, as it looks like the people in the movie had little. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that it couldn't really prove it in 1950. Acid, there is high fever and cough (it did it), but also lots of bleeding and explosive vomiting of blackened blood - along with the terribly swollen lymph nodes like you would with the Bubonic plague - all beautiful and coarse! I can understand why they didn't go that far. Also, I'm sure the federal government had a much, much greater involvement in the control and treatment of the disease - here in the film it was handled at a very local level and everyone was badly prepared and a little stupid became. No one was willing to believe the doctors !! As for the acting, the film had some excellent actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are the public health doctor and police chief respectively. Good actors, but also well-known actors back in 1950. In his first film, however, is the bad Jack Palance (still by his original moniker, Walter Jack Palance), as well as the relatively unknown (then) Zero Mostel. Palance was great - very scary and very physically skilled in his own stunts. Mostel played a heavy feature of his early work - a greasy and mischievous kind of evil. <br /> <br /> Overall, despite the fact that the details are not right and it all adds up neatly, the movie is very tense. and has excellent acting - and it's worth seeing.
