Panic In The Streets is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan has gained a great sense of realism by shooting the film in New Orleans, using a number of local people to fulfill various roles and intelligent use of improvisation to make. As a result, the characters and dialogue look very natural and credible. An important deadline that must be followed to avoid a disaster presents the story with its great sense of urgency and fit and the problems that delay the necessary action, and then raises the tension to a high level. <Br /> <br /> Following a dispute between participants in a card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is dumped in the port area. When the body is found and the shredder identifies the presence of a virus, the US public health officer, dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) reported and his investigation confirmed the presence of the pneumonic pest. Reed insists that all known contacts of the dead man should be vaccinated without delay because the infectious nature of the disease means that without such actions anyone who is infected can be expected within the days. <br /> <br /> If the identity of the dead man is unknown. The task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult and this situation is not helped when city officials and the police commissioner are not completely convinced by Reed's briefing. They doubt that the threat to the public may be as serious as it claims to be and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of barriers that prevent action being taken urgently. The next investigation is hampered by the lack of co-operation of the immigrant community, a group of seafarers, the owner of a restaurant and also some illegal immigrants before the man's identity and contacts are finally found. <br /> <br /> An illegal immigrant, Kochak was in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when gang leader Blackie became aware of the continuing police investigation, he accepts that Kochak must "I have smuggled something very valuable in the country. As Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie accepts that Poldi should know something about this and will find out more. However, Poldi is very ill and cannot provide information. Blackie enters his own doctor and with Fitch he starts moving Poldi out of his room and stairs, and that's when they meet Reed and follow an exciting chase. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong performance as an underpaid civil servant who effectively deals with the difficult responsibilities of his work while also dealing with his household concerns as a family man. In an unusual kind of role for him, he also suggests dr. Drive out very convincingly. Jack Palance's film debut sees him an impressive performance as a ruthless villain who condemns Kochak's reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. Its distinctive appearance also helps make its screen presence even more compelling. <br /> <br /> In typical documentary style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realistic influences are used in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the locations. in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan continually regulates with precision, but also in the memorable sequel in the warehouse and on the coast.
