A New Orleans doctor and policeman had just 48 hours to detect a pneumonia-infested murderer. <br /> <br /> An effective and classic, small thriller directed by Elijah Kazan, which reconciles documentary realism with a race against time, pulsating heartbeat. Set and filmed in and around New Orleans, Panic In The Streets was taken from the story Quarantaine, Some Like 'em Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt who won an original story Oscar. It also boasts a fine ensemble cast that delivers the best performance for their director. In turn, Richard Widmark (who did the method a year before Marlon for Kazan in a Streetcar Named Desire), Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderfully named Zero Mostel, all become sweaty and naughty while pursuing the pursuit of stopping a possible Black Death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Wherever the film achieves its main points, Kazan's particular ability to cut back and forth between the main characters without changing the flow and mood of the piece. From Widmark's Public Health Doctor, with a needle in his hand, runs around to track down the bad guys so he can do well; For the bad guys themselves who are worried why there is such a large-scale hunt for them; the tension is stacked to fever break point. To what grateful the last thirty minutes becomes a broken piece of cinema. With Palance excellent as a nasty villain who ironically remembers Widmark's own Tommy Udo of Kiss Of Death three years ago. <br /> <br /> It is an imaginative and intelligent written story, one that links cunning rats and criminals to disease carriers. A light on society as it was. These are noirish elements, such as paranoia, mix nicely with its basic procedural thriller. While some unforgettable scenes are matched by the stifling atmosphere created by Kazan. Although some of the early character threatens to disturb the movie, it is definitely a movie worth keeping to the end. Not necessarily film-noir, and perhaps not even essential to Kazan, but definitely a highly-recommended film discovered by a new generation of film lovers and re-requested by the old guard, who may have missed it again that day. 7.5 / 10
