Panic in the streets opens in high noir style, a dark street view, followed by a camera moving upwards to a window, then playing a sleazy card game. An opening thrives, which along with some of the location shooting expects some of the atmosphere Welles brought in Touch of Evil a decade later. One of the players opens the window; This is an appropriate action that serves as an introduction to the events inside, as well as opening our first view of the underworld literally. <br /> <br /> In high contrast, black and white, Panic in the streets are immersed in a strong cast as well as some good spot in New Orleans. Scenes presented in places like the morgue, the crowded shipping office or the shield paint of Frank's Place offer a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere, impossible to recreate in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dassin's groundbreaking Naked City two years earlier, which established the sharp, almost documentary style within the noir cycle. In fact, Widmark's previous role was in Dassin's even finer Night And The City, a film in which a sense of rising panic is even more common. Joe MacDonald, a favorite with the director, photographed Panic In The Streets' detailed environment. MacDonald also worked on Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata! And shot Widmark three years later in Fuller's masterpiece Pick Up On South Street. Like others have noticed, in a way typical of some noir films, Kazan's work contrasts with the confusion, illness and immorality of the streets with the modest, calm home life of the Reeds. But, as in Lang's The Big Heat (1953), the hero's home life was destroyed by elements of the surrounding central character, eventually returning him with real vigilance and sense of revenge - Panic In The Streets Farm Reed's rising anxiety the limits of what just means another working day. Despite all the danger, he eventually comes back to the bosom of his family who is justified and satisfied. The implication is that social balance is at its least restored, at least for the time being by its professionalism and curative skills. <br /> <br /> Of course, the imbalance was created by crime and illness. The two are closely linked in this movie. It reminds one of the tagline of the very rough Cobra (1986) - where "Crime is the disease. Meet the healing," a neat analogy in context, as one that uncomfortably socializes from social reductions. At the peak, as Blackie attempts to flee, visual art specifically referred to rats as similar to criminals, both of which threaten community health. If (supposedly infected) Blackie prowls around the cheap rooms and the docks with his cronies, looking for something he suspects that everyone is behind, than without knowing exactly what it is, "plague" and "Blackie" resonate in the audience's mind, further add to associations. Ironically, Blackie's explosion over Poldi's unfortunate cousin, that "he has brought something into the notes, is correct - even if it is ultimately nothing he can sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that police are not normally bothering with the assassination of an anonymous illegal immigrant has a truth ring about it, and its confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Although Dr. Reed, at home, and on the side of society, is a true noir hero "Familiar to the genre is the chief principle as a man walking alone, forced to travel beyond the boundaries of the law. In his way, Reed is forced to take morality into his own hands for the sake of society in general -" A dimension of the film that is particularly fitting, given director Kazan's controversial personal history, the director testified before the infamous HUAC, who supposedly called communists and fellow travelers, showing that suspects are being used for questioning, and the man's action of the press, on the grounds that the dominant public goods justified the means. These actions may currently be the director's sentiments, presumably accepting the McCarthyite witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights, in the light of the alleged communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist attacks and state reaction, such issues as they appear in the film are strikingly modern. <br /> <br /> Statue scenes in the film include a notable scene where Blackie interrogates the dying Poldi about the exact nature of his cousin's alleged smuggling. Like cat, Blackie strikes his victim over the room, eventually preying on the doomed man's sick bed, with Poldi's feverish head in his hands - a striking, malignant cradle. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. Apparently, the actors had many or all of their own stunts, which eventually resulted in many more dramatic scenes, as police and health authorities enter the villains under the bounds. Half of the crawling, half-leaping over the smooth loggers at the edge of the harbor coil should have been a very uncomfortable experience for Palance, but it is a drive that almost immediately adds to the immediacy. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less convincing elements lead the viewer. Apparently dr. Reed remains to manage a possible national emergency. Perhaps he is just as surprising that he never inoculates him - a dramatic turn that never realizes, invites. At the end of the film, the potential epidemic has also ceased, all contact sessions are a little too neat. But these weaknesses are more than aroused by the other pleasures of a film that still provides compulsive and relevant reading today.
