Knowing when to end a movie is just as important as casting, directing and acting. And it's nice to see when a director / script gets it right. By just clicking 82 minutes, 10 ITEMS OF LESS does not stretch the story, and tries to understand ominous topics. It remains focused, funny, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) stars as "Him", an obsolete actor presented to him in any role. We were introduced to "Him" while traveling to a supermarket in an out-of-the-way section of the village by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). He realized he had a star in his car. The Child has been pushing him to talk about his absence in the film for the past few years. He is not very prospective because he is not only from time to time, he is also on his way to a shooting file of an indie film that he can perform. "I didn't decide if I was sharing."). The child is a relative of the director involved in this indie business and soon falls to him in the middle of Nowheresville. Stuck, he decides to look at the local market. He immediately walks into the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) which registers the 10 items or less. Not only strikingly beautiful but intelligent, but starts using her as his first research subject for his upcoming independent film role. He learns how his figures look so fast and why she knows the characteristics of every member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he not only uses Scarlet, he helps her so he can see deeper in her. life. They travel to get her car back from a cheating man, and he teaches her how to act to get a new job for which she is looking and how to dress for success, even when faced with Target as the hallmark of local clothing. This is probably one of the funniest moments, as we also get a glimpse of him, showing his complete lack of understanding of the chain store retail world ("These shirts are only $ 12! How is that possible?!") The End, as stated at the beginning of this review, is sudden, but it is impossible. There is no way these two can ever be friends, though they form a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what each one of them got. It is a quiet but sounding moment, as Scarlet's clunker car outside his home in L.A.b. Sit. <br /> <br /> It's a great independent production and one that wastes time to go. And it won't waste your time either.
