Running only seventy-two minutes, this tiny, overlooked 2006 dramedy is just a sketch of two characters, but one that works very well within its limits. Almost entirely in different, non-descriptive places in southern Los Angeles, the story itself is inconspicuous. But like Sofia Coppola's "Lost Translation", the movie is much more about two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a common bond and go back to their lives for the important encounter. It also significantly helps Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play the characters. Finally liberating the wise ways and authority figures beyond reproach that became his big-screen specialist. Freeman looks relatively satisfying as a somewhat reluctant movie star. His character is being sent to a lower-rent grocery store in Carson, where he can investigate a role he is considering in an indie movie. <br /> <br /> From work for a few years, he's shy. When he sees DVDs of his movies in the bargain, but his ego is such that he does not have the courage to look and even imitate the verified shop staff. Of particular interest to him is Scarlet, a bitter worker from Spain and moved to the express line where she is the uncanny model of efficiency. She has been interviewed for a secretarial job at a construction company, but her unsaturated insecurity seems to be defeating her chances. Still like Penelope Cruz's Amazone sister, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemable aspects of James L. Brooks' excrable "Spanglish") brings a sharp edge and realistic vulnerability to Scarlet. She and Freeman are very good at the story. This not only includes the grocery store, but also Target, Arby's and adult laundry. Nothing earthly happens, except to show how two people meet the reasoning surrender of the event. <br /> <br /> Silberling keeps the proceedings simple, but the production also reflects expert craftsmanship in Phedon Papamichael's vibrant cinematography. "Sideways" and the contagious score by Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). There are fast cameos by Bobby Cannavale (as Scarlet's short-to-ex-husband) and Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as a funny bit with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as the clueless driver and Jim Parsons (the "knight" in "Garden State") as a worshiping receptionist. The 2007 DVD is packed with extras, including a documentary version, "15 days or less", aimed at film students and a marathon 103 minutes; six extensive scenes; a light but informative triple conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and a few pieces that specifically advertise the DVD.
