I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "The Shawshank Redemption" is at the top of my favorite movies. But I have to admit I often wondered about his choice of roles. So many of his titles were big budget lessons with no heart. '10 Items Of Less' shows me the return of Freeman to a role that truly shows his remarkable acting talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an anonymous, formerly great-time Hollywood actor who hasn't worked for several years. . He was part of an unspecified Indi picture for which he researched a grocery store in a poor environment in LA. After being stranded by his short-lived driver, Freeman is offered a ride at the girlfriend Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he is semi-friendly. However, before she can take him home, Scarlet has a big job interview she must come to, and Freeman agrees to trade in exchange for the ride. <br /> <br /> The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in several places. But the movie is just a character piece about the interactions between the two. Freeman is the distinctive Los Angeles type who hasn't heard about Target, and doesn't know his own phone number or even what day of the week it is. He spits wisdom from the Dalai Lama, through his "the whole world is a raise" mentality, and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview an "audition". And yet he has a way with people, a way to influence those who are beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks them unceasingly, and rejoices in their works where others will simply be annoyed. In Scarlet he saw the stubborn, proud woner he was; he saw the man he used. <br /> <br /> Sharlet, for her, shows a fiery pride and sharp tongue that hides her own uncertainty about herself. Vega plays a relationship with Freeman who skates the line between an almost daughterly love and physical attraction, although she plays beautifully and it is not as horrible as it sounds. But even if she feels related to Freeman, Scarlet has a keen eye for the reality of their different worlds and cuts through Freeman's Hollywood bull *, with a sharp pragmatism that does nothing but the truth. <br /> <br /> The movie is clever, funny and well-written, with a simple and effective dialogue. I read an IMDb review that said the lines were "quiet," which I think is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech. There is no big solo here, no deep soul searching for moments. And so is the trick, I think, to show how people in the ordinary, everyday life can be connected. And I think Freeman and Vega pull it off beautifully and sketch a picture of a bond between two people shining like the sun on the sea, ethereal and elusive. Long after it's gone, it lives in your memories and tortures you with what might have been. OK, it was a little flower, but I really did like the performances and the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
