Barbra Streisand's debut television specialist is still an important moment in entertainment history - in any media. Streisand made the clear, but masterful decision to divide the typical variety of display format split into three separate acts (to reduce the interruption of commercial breaks) The entire show on her shoulders alone. The risk movement has largely compensated, as MY NAME BARBRA has set a new standard for musical programming on television. <br /> <br /> Filmed in glorious black-and-white (which actually adds the effectiveness of the display), MY NAME IS BARBRA has been flawlessly understood and impressively shot. But what the show is really transcendent is Streisand itself. Watch the then 23-year-old performer, navigating herself through the show's 55-minute time, is nothing short of exciting. She is in a fantastic voice (and even performs all the first and third acts), and gives first evidence of the tremendous strength that will soon follow her to the big screen. <br /> <br /> The specialist's biggest asset It is bold to let Streisand stand on the stage and sing some good songs. After the powerful opening performance of "Much More" (with a short opening strip of Leonard Bernstein's "My Name Is Barbara"), Barbra continues to wander through a multi-level studio that is a surprising version of the Disney classic export. late. "In between verses of" I'm late ", Streisand stops at different levels of the set to sing some awesome numbers like the haunting" Make Believe "and the thundering" How's the Wine Tasting? " Barbra returns her own childhood to the children of a child again, and then gives very energetic performances of "I am Five" and "Sweet Zoo" while sitting under an excess series, but the illusion is eventually broken, as Streisand find herself out of the fantasy and back into the real world, then sing about this lost childhood innocence in the beautiful "Where's the wonder?" Streisand then breaks out at a platform stage surrounded by a whole room full of musicians and performs a exciting version of "People" before the thundering applause of a live studio. <br /> <br /> Act II of the special begins with Streisand hammering it for the studio heard with a camping version of "I have the Blues, "before delivering a comedy monologue about Pearl of Ist anbul. Streisand then connects to the Bergdorf Goodman's department store, which allows her to sing a medley of poverty songs while looking around in some of the store's elegant fashions. This segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics. Some high points of the Act II medley include a limited version of "Second Hand Rose" for the audience in Streisand, which is considered a Latin bullfighter like "No one knows you when you are," and " portray a frustrated version. paper jogger as he goes to "brother, you can save a dime." The third law of the special is a straight concert, without solid pieces or drafts. Streisand is an artist who really thrives at the concert stage, and this segment is the most exciting moment of the special. Streisand launches an almost gravity-outraged version of When The Sun Comes Out, and continues to amaze the viewer with a stunning version of THE YEARLING ballad, "Why Did I Choose You," a screaming show from "Minnaar Come Back to Me," and a passionate medley of three songs form FUNNY GIRL, however, Streisand surprised herself with a phenomenal version of the Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Man", which immediately tells the singer beloved signature songs have become. <br /> <br /> Streisand performs her immortal ballad version of "Happy Days Are Here Again" as the lock credit on the left of the screen, confirming the iconic finish of the number to the viewer he or she did see something special. MY NAME IS BARBRA was a great rating triumph when first broadcast, and it eventually picked up five Emmy awards, in addition to two Top Five, Gold selling soundtrack albums. see, is absolutely no surprise no.
