Streisand fans who are only familiar with her work of the FUNNY GIRL movie, should see this show to see what a brilliant artist Streisand WAS - BEFORE reaching her goal of becoming a Movie Star. There has never been a female singer like she ever before, and there will never be again (sorry, Celine - just in your dreams!) But never again will Streisand sing with the vitality, energy and above all the ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY with which she performs here - by the time she arrives at the Central Park concert 2 or 3 years later, she has filmed FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and her executive style has less spontaneous and more reserved, more reproduced (and, come to experience us it: more evil) - there is a wall between her and the audience. She managed it. She did this because she knew it was her Hollywood ticket. And as soon as she no longer needs to do it, she has done as little as possible (and oh, the legendary stage fright is such a good excuse!) Her chorus here and on her earlier Judy Garland Show look is incredible: Streisand can really make an old song sound, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved her for that. . But by the seventies, Streisand had tried to be a "rock" singer, her albums going to the younger audiences, with an exaggerated song that was unworthy of her attempt or her voice. <br /> <br /> In the 80's, she returned with the brilliant Broadway Album, but continued on what was struggling to do so, how they said they shouldn't do it, etc. Oh, please - when did someone tell Streisand what to do? She could have done things so well, and brought audiences UP to her level instead of bowing to what she thought the young public wanted. (The "Back to Broadway" prosecution was not nearly as good as Streisand deemed it necessary to improve the work of other composers. If he was alive at that time, Richard Rodgers would even recognize his "Some Enchanted Evening". "Rodgers , infamous to set singers to the task of playing with his melodies, would surely have sung to Streisand what he wrote, and his soundtrack, Michael Crawford, in his duet of "Music of the Night" apparently does not remind him who CD it is, why she insists on taking songs that are duets and singing them themselves and songs that are not duets and singing them as duets with someone else she is going to take down?) <Probably Judy Garland Streisand aside and recommended to her: "Don't let them do what they did to me." Streisand didn't have time to listen - despite her controversies on the contrary, it certainly seems like it was always her path or the highway, imagine - SH E told the CBS buyer how her first TV specialist would be done - no guests, just HER. <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results that are so clear. Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon before she was a legend - you'll be absolutely amazed at the difference! <br /> <br /> PS - I watched it again last night (12/01) after I didn't see it for many years - it was even better than I remembered! The 1st Act begins with "I'm Late" and includes "Make Faith" and "How's the Wine Tasting," and Barbra's tribute to childhood, "I'm Five" - ​​it climbs when Streisand appears (and I mean FULL) band to sing "People" - she was not bored with the song and although it is a somewhat shorter version, it really is so bad. Compare it to some of her later "automatic pilot" versions. The second act (after Streisand's "kooky" schtick-patter, who hasn't changed completely over the years) is the well-known series of Depression songs that take place in the midst of Bergdorf-Goodman's exuberance. <br /> <br /> The 3rd Act is the stunner, calling it "Streisand, the orchestra and the audience" (although we never see the audience who is supposedly experiencing this historic event). With her fear of audiences and disliking such performances, it can be the most difficult part of her, but if not, show it not. She blows through "Lover Come Back to Me" and the torch "When the sun comes out" (though I can't remember in what order!), The gripping "Why did I choose you?" (One of my best favorites Streisand performances) and offers a medley of FUNNY GIRL songs, including (of course) "Do not Rain on my Parade" and my favorite song of the score, "The Music That Makes Me Dance". Explain that Fanny Brice made a song like that in 1922, and it made her the toast of Broadway. "Streisand then sings My Man, and it is almost a dress rehearsal template for her later screen performance in the FUNNY GIRL movie (the main difference being that the black gown here is loose - her film skirt has long sleeves and against the black background we just saw her hands and face), but the voice here is more urgent and loaded than her later movie voice (her performance of the song has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice who of course never sang the song in such an all-out mother like Streisand do here or in the movie - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a look at Brice's more underlined version.) The show ends with Streisand who "Happy Days Are Here Again" on the credits singing. <br /> <br /> When it was over, I told the friend what I was looking at. "She NEVER, ever, did anything better!" <br /> <br /> And she was twenty-three years old!
