Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity and probably raised more than a few eyebrows when CBS signed her for a 10-year-old $ 5 million (nothing today). But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insist on creative control - and get it. She filmed this special, and his vision was mostly clever, clever and incredible. Opening Law I with the title song (not specifically written for her), Streisand races through a classic piece of songs linked to "I'm late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"! - She even keeps on invisible ears and mustache and "too much time to shave"!); It is a totally charming, if not bizarre choice, and enjoys it because it did not release the TWO soundtrack albums. She slows down for "Make Promise" (which may be too slow), but the dramatic "How's the Wine Tasting?" is fantastic. A child again is cute (with Streisand looking small in a big chair - is that where Lily Tomlin got the idea?), Like "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm a crocodile? - No, crocodile!"). "Where's the Wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra that scrapes her at the song's typing, is stunning. Act II is in New York City's Bergdof Goodman, with Streisand acting cold in high-fashion excitement (when she beats the mink playfully, the audience looks at the band actually gasp). Law III, before a studio audience (made up of happy fan club devotees), starts with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand actually looks out of breath at the dramatic lock), followed by "Why I chose you? "(probably her best early song), a quick" Lover, come back to me "(where she eventually drowned by the band), and a" Funny Girl "medley. The final, "Happy Days is Here Again", which allegedly takes 12, closes the hour wonderfully. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a multi-purpose company!), Move this black-and-white jewelry fast, with jazzy set-ups, great cinematography, kicks and costumes. They don't really make it that way - and it's about the special and after La Streisand.
