I couldn't help but feel it could be a bigger movie than it was. The script is highly intelligent and it just looked like it could somehow be revealed when it was seven. Not by changing the story - I think mainly of cinematography. The cinematography was the only thing I found to hold the movie back. On the other hand, the pacing was absolutely on the point. Everyone who worked on the editing did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a good job of directing. Now away from the technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This movie throws me a loop. SPOILER AED !!!! I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy and when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and reveal who he was, I threw a loop. I suspected the first part of the turn, but what really threw me was when he touched the agent and saw that the agent murdered his mother and the fact that the agent (without any words spoken simply touched it) see Adam again and ask him how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was a breeze, but the almost incomprehensible idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but actually picking 'bad guys' to know their sins and crimes. I do not endorse an eye for an eye, so I did not leave the film to believe they are doing God's work. Instead, I chose to believe that they were both brighter and that the father one day went out of the deep and also disturbed them permanently through the things he had subjected his sons to. This was my interpretation, but the frightening thing about the movie was that it is like a house of cards and an eternal finite circle and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you have put. It is certainly one of those movies where I can meet the writer, so I can just ask him what its true meaning is. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and took their license for it? Or did they have a kind of look of God? And if so, it was God or the Devil who disguised himself as God. My friends and I talked about trying to figure out what was and what the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made this movie. <br /> <br /> A modest and confusing film with some very disturbing but certainly not sensational elements to it. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely his own thing. Great legal practice and acting by Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton were extremely good. I hope he hasn't landed on the child's actor syndrome, as he has a lot of promise. I gave this movie a good voice for the majority of the components that make a movie, but I would have voted higher if it wasn't for the feeling that something (though I couldn't figure out) was off and if not was, the movie would have gone even higher. Still, a definite recommendation, especially for those who are curious.
