Frailty is a non-gory horror movie that reaches its cold fever by following the logic and impact of a man's error / obsession in depravity. Dad (we never learn his name) is a gentle man and loving father who raises his sons alone after mother died and gave birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family's world flipped up one night when Dad jumped into the boys' room and told them that God had given him a vision. And what a vision? The whole family's work is to destroy demons, which are, of course, disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> From this point of view, the film is infallible to follow. Dad kidnap people / demons that God told him to destroy, tie them, lay their hand on them to see a vision of their evil, then kill them? seeing his young boys. Fenton, the older son, is shocked because he only sees a father who has changed into a mad killer. Adam, the younger, is uncomfortable, but trusts that Dad will follow God's will. Eventually, Dad takes his sons on missions to kidnap the "demons" God put on Dad's list. Eventually, they invite them to fully participate in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> It's not your understanding, an abusive dad. He loves his children. He only follows God's instructions: "This is our work now, son. We must do it." When Fenton was frightened and convinced that his father was angry, he said he would report to the police, and his father explained: "If you do, son, I'll die. The angel made it clear." The pressure the children are under is unbearable and tragic, and endures their entire lives. (1) The film's structure is similar to the one used in The Usual Suspects: a flashback story, said at a police station to an FBI agent. The naughty lighting, the stormy weather and the ominous calm of the present day contribute to the threat of the background. I wanted to believe that the unfolding horror was just a story, until I remembered Andrea Yates' real life parallel, who believed she was possessed by Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I had looked at a human tragedy rather than a story of divine retribution. <br /> <br /> However, the movie did not give me so much comfort, as it gave strong clues at the end to the truth of Dad's vision. And that, as much as a few plot holes, has posed a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of Dad's visions, regardless of the evil his victims may have committed, where does anyone get the power to act as an angel of death? (1) Roger Ebert review, 4/12/02
