A number of Richard Attenborough's films as director are biographies of great historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". Gray Owl is also a filmed biography of a historical individual, but in this case Attenborough's subject is a very dark character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted the ideas. of environmental conservation and nature conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than they are today. He is widely believed to be an American Indian; The story he told of himself was that he was born in Mexico to a Scottish father and emigrated to Apache mother and Canada as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin at a lake in a remote part of the Canadian wilderness, where he worked as a hiker. He traveled twice in 1935 and 1937 in Britain to promote his books and give lectures on conservation, and achieved great success, even introduced to the royal family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough saw a teenager, Gray Owl at the London Palladium Theater.) However, after his death in 1938, it was revealed that he was not what he claimed; His real name was Archibald Belaney, and he was born in the English coastal town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The movie portrays some of the facts of the Gray Owl's life. In a scene set in 1934, he states that he is 41 years old; In fact, he was born in 1888, so it would have been 46 in that year. (46 would have been Pierce Brosnan's age when the film was made, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Several events have been compressed in the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938). In the film it is during this time he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Ananaho; In fact, he met and married Gertrude as early as 1925. The film also leaves them divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl was married again shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of Gray Ugly's true identity was detrimental to his posthumous reputation, and he was dismissed as a "fraud". His alleged fraud was even used to discredit the causes he had presented. However, Richard Attenborough takes a more sympathetic view of his achievements. One of the themes explored by the film is the ethnic identity. Although the then Archibald Belaney was not born by Canadian Indians, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of Ojibway culture and lore and that he spoke fluently his language. He was accepted by the Ojibway as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to describe his claim to a Native North American identity as a fraudulent one simply because it was an identity he chose rather than one in which he was born. <br /> <br /> According to the film, Greyuil's wife Gertrude was herself of Indian descent, but came from a family that was assimilated into the white Canadian culture. Her marriage can therefore be seen as her recovery of her family's original cultural heritage. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but she also had an influence on him, and persuaded him to give up his work as a spider, as she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> One criticism The film is that Pierce Brosnan is "disgusted" as the hero, a criticism apparently rooted in the prospect of Brosnan only playing action heroes in the James Bond form. However, it seems to me that Brosnan can deliberately take this role to prevent it from being an object, and the silence, the backdrop of Grysuil, is so far from the prestigious, sophisticated agent Bond as one can get. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films such as The Hill or The Molly Maguires. Brosnan is actually very good at this role, although I agree with those who found Annie Galipeau poor as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another common criticism I disagree with is that the movie is boring. "Certainly, it's not an action movie like the Bonds, nor is it a big epic biopies such as "Gandhi", and it may seem boring to those who expected it to be one or the other, but it is probably someone interested in the early days of the conservation movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity The scenes of Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed, and Richard Attenborough has served us a service to help revive interest in this half-lost but fascinating figure.
