Originally designed as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore, "Not only ... But also" his ex-'Beyond The Fringe 'associate, Peter Cook, saw guests on the first show, and so well received that BBC-2 controller demanded. that he should stay on it every week. They were a classic comedy team. Cooking was long, handsome and witty, while Dudley was short, charismatic and musically gifted. The sketch that brought home had them in a bar, with flat caps and muffers, who thought about movie stars such as Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most hilarious sketches of all time, and even when Cook still looks good together. <br /> <br /> The characters - idiot Pete and even bigger idiot Dud - found their way in every episode of The show properly, seen in a different environment, such as a zoo or an art gallery. In the latter they craved sandwiches while discussing artworks. "That Leonardo DaVinci cartoon ... I don't see the joke!" Said Dud. Pete points out that once it was revealed, it probably had people in line. She barely hides his repast. "You really enjoy those sandwiches!", Ad libs Cook. The couple rushed their humor apart in a way that was joyful to see. The sketches set new standards for comedy, standards that do not match the arrival of 'Monty Python'. <br /> <br /> As the popularity of the show increased, it also made the quality of the gas stars. For example, Peter Sellers, and John Lennon, the latter offering a filmed item based on his poem 'Dowe Ted, Danoota, & Me'. "One Bone Too Little" - has Dud as "George Spigott" (a name later used in the movie "Bedazzled"), a one-man man who comes to the office in the office of the film producer Cook of 'Tarzan'. Cook tries to drop him as well as possible. "I have nothing against your right leg!", He says. "The problem is - you don't!" <br /> <br /> Dud would question eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook), who, when not teaching the rawe, plans to start a restaurant called 'The Frog & The Peach'. Another classic was 'The Leaping Nonons' (also reused in 'Bedazzled'). But my all-time favorite has to be 'Superthunderstingcar', an evil funny (and accurate) parody of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson's 'Thunderbirds'. Pete and Dud have played the roles, with the latter catching 'Lady Penelope'. "Ludwig" had Ludwig Van Beethoven as the star of a 'This Is Tom Jones' style variety show. 'The Immortal Bargo' was a spoof documentary about the life of the exclusive movie star 'Emma Bargo'. At an unforgettable moment she drove through London, drove through a loud noise: "I want to be alone!". A season 3 feature was Poets Cornered such as Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others suspended over a fuel tank. They each had to improvise the line of a poem, and anyone failed to do it in nasty things. <br /> <br /> Three seasons have been made in all, at different times by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, very few expenses survive. To make matters worse, the scripts were also destroyed. The protesters believe this situation could be allowed. <br /> <br /> The show ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway, making the notorious Derek & Clive ties, but Cook's increasing alcoholism broke them apart. . Eight years later, Cook announced that a new series was in the pipeline, but it was a wishful thought. His former partner made films in America, and didn't want to work with Cook again (not at that time). Enough footage has been joined for a season of BBC 2 repeats in the early '90s. As expected, some items didn't look as good as others. Cook died in 1995, and as a tribute, the B.B.C compiled a program of several 'Parkinson' interviews and 'Not Only ... But also'. It ended quite well with Pete and Dud who find themselves in Heaven. "Bloody Hell!" Exclaims the latter. Moore entered in 2002.
