Enterprise, the latest high-budget discount to the most successful franchise in film or television history, makes a 90 minute episode called Broken Bow. First, we are being thrown into a massive action series with a Klingon driven by some Suliban (who is the main figure in the first season of the show). From there, the television movie takes us on a journey that is seldom as good as it is, with some of the best character development, story and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> The opening credits are a debatable topic among the minority of Enterprise fans, some of whom believe the song is out of place. What they don't realize is the lyrics themselves. If you listen to the real song, instead of the theme, they will work the parts of the puzzle together. And finally as the series progresses further and further, and we learn more about our brave captain and his crew, the song will actually be meaningful. Overall Diane Warren's theme is beautifully orchestrated and is sung as well by opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes a television program possible to watch is the characters and the way they are structured and layered. Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the most sought after shows since The Next Generation. The choice of Scott Bakula, as captain Jonathan Archer, was the best decision since Gene chose Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds a subtlety to his role and brings a big smile to the faces of anyone with blood flowing in their veins. He is simply (both actor and character) a wonderful person and his charm, humor and compassion are overwhelming to watch. As for the other cast members, a favorite of my John Billingsley is that Dr. Play Phlox. It is also nice to play a non-human role, and the decision to give the captain a dog called 'Porthos' was a well received idea. During the show, character development was brilliant, fast, timely and almost perfect. I say almost because unfortunately Travis Mayweather's character that the Briton Anthony Montgomery played is a little poor at the end of the first season. He does have anything to say here and there, but remains in the hands of the producers to make him more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as the sometimes harsh but equally lovely Subcommander T'Pol. Dominic Keating as lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a strong role and is convincing as the arms officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker who always adds charming and comical style to his character and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character, but fortunately it quickly becomes interesting. All these characters form Enterprise, and everyone brings a quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Every person makes this show worth watching. Smile and feel-good senses are guaranteed from the first time we see them all on the bridge of the star ship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01 is somewhat doubtful in design. The series is 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why does the ship look similar in design to mid-24th century ships, namely the Akira class star ship? Continuity is a problem in Enterprise, but grateful, Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] provide appropriate explanations for each of them. Continuity is just a problem if you are always peer-reviewed and obsessed with the smallest details. If you see the show and open it, then you will have no problems, but there is an urge to always know why. So what did Berman and Braga offer on the Star Trek fan base with the issue of the ship's rights to the ship itself? According to them, the NX-01 is how it is due to the incident in First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and Commandant Riker led the way, it turned the ideas into his head. That's a good enough explanation for me. Neatly continues. Of course, it's not that easy for some fans to accept that kind of answer, some go so far as to refuse to see the show until they get a fair answer. Come on, guys grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga with the launch of his new trilogy, fans couldn't do anything, just watch and sip it anyway. And then they learned it, maybe it's not that bad. If you cannot accept a quality show for what it is, not what it should be in your mind, then go elsewhere. Or try to show a producer and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The sets on Enterprise remind me a lot of the Defiant of Deep Space Nine. They often look cold and have an exciting look at their modern structure and they cry that they belong to the army. Perhaps that's why the USS Enterprise crew (a US Navy flagship) likes it so much. They are striking sets, and represent the show perfectly. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman "the ruler of the empire" as John Logan put it so accurately and his colleague Brannon Braga hit the nail on the head, exactly where they should, and in all the right places . Whether it's technical, visual, audio, editing or counting. Enterprise is a good demonstration for how good television fiction can be when it's in the hands of genius. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan, so should you.
