The tourist season has just ended on a remote island outside the Scottish coast. Winter begins to fit in and the residents, both people and sheep, come to silence. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), a former British army soldier, is the local dentist, he is not an islander at birth and as such his relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always with " view some suspicions. not malicious, but only from the protective instincts that the tight knit community has for their family. The islands' tranquility has been broken when Gaffikin finds out for a lonely round wave, the headless remains of a brutally murdered woman. He immediately reports his gruesome find to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the police station of the island. Inskip arranges for the delivery of the surplus to local doctor, Dr Goudry, for further investigation. A quick search for the killer proves fruitless as well as a search for a missing local woman. Over the dinner that night with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that dead woman Sheila Anderson, a woman from the continent, who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search at her home Dove Cottage reveals the missing remnants of her body, her home is the murder scene, but why did the killer drag her body in the forest for miles? Shyn immediately fell on the one alien who left on the island, one Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who also became the last person to see her alive as they gathered on the last ferry. <br /> <br /> Goudry asks Gaffikin for dental expertise on the victim's body, it turns out she tore me or someone with great power apart, one set of teeth that looks like a human killer, another point than that of an unknown animal of some kind. A sheep is mutilated and then a Canadian ornithologist is killed. With a heavy dump rolling in, the island is cut off from the mainland and any possibility of assistance, the radio does not work, apparently blocked and the telephone lines cut. Reports of UFOs and the observation of a camouflaged soldier are exacerbated by the finding of a strange search craft hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything other than the facts and laughs Gaffikin's idea that strangers might be involved, but an increase in radioactive levels on the island, he doubted. <br /> <br /> The Nightmare Man is based on the novel Child of the Vodyanoi by David Wiltshire, it is adapted here by dr. Who and Blake's 7 author Robert Holmes and director Douglas Camfield. He also had experience in both science and fiction classics and the film has the benefit of such experienced genre experts on board. The Nagmerrieman is, however, a succinctly better-crafted piece that builds its plan together with solid character development, even to the small characters, the time is given to give them all a solid background. The island environment is perhaps a genre cliché used over and over, but the one I really enjoy, the remote, the sense of siege with no way out, always adds to the atmosphere and here it is given extra oomph by keep an impervious dung close to prevent all efforts. In many genre attempts of this nature, it is very easy that proceedings become foolish and that the plot goes on melodrama. But Camfield is an award for everything, and the emphasis is always on credibility. There is an authenticity about proceedings, the characters even speak Gaelic sometimes to further this point. If there is one negative about the killer, then we get his / her POV for the murders, an acceptable cliché alone, but when seen through a red filter and a fish eye lens, it just screams left over and only dates the movie 'a little. Nevertheless, you will be hard pressed to guess the outcome or the identity or for the cause of the murderer, given the clues offered, but it is a fun and very well-educated piece. The local Scottish cast is exceptional, especially the local bobs Roeves and Cosmo save well and are a pleasure to see. Imrie, never one I did in other works, is also pretty good and shows a female body as if she were in a hammer production. The exorbitant, perhaps even ominous, end can irritate some viewers. It has disappointed me in some ways, but considering when it's made, it's an understandable and acceptable addendum that is even more frightening when you think about it.
