There is no greater disservice to history than to misrepresent it. It takes the easiest and most shallow route, which only portrays him as a monster. Show only its negative sides and exaggerate them. "Those who are ignorant of the past have doomed to repeat it." He was a man. It may be difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life is faced with what we do not want. Rather than demonstrating the man, we must try to understand him. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing anyone similar in the future, or even the present, from achieving anything of far comparable magnitude as far as damage and misery are concerned. Hate him and what he has done, does not make him into something mystical, intentional or otherwise. Honestly, too much of this mini-series can "stupidly stupid * play!" to or during screens. The whole thing nodding, cuddling and winking to the audience, with a clear message of "was this man angry or what", which includes every bad thing (as well as making several directly against who and what he was) they appear little or more from nowhere, and they are constantly throughout his life, not something he has come to believe or claim. It should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English), and maybe some of the inaccuracies are pointing out. It is disrespectful for the real events that have occurred, and for any and all survivors, not to mention those who died. The movie quality? Of top quality. It is well done, through and through, excellent production values, a sturdy bow for the well-deserved plot, which characterization is strong and credible, dialogue and writing are great, all appearances are masterful. (Carlyle looks and acts as a role ... as it is written ... perfect), the music is well-composed, cinematography and editing are flawless and creative, and it is definitely dramatic, entertaining and sounding. They get dates and many events, and do their justice. If I worked on this and didn't feel that I could be objective enough to appear Hitler as a full-fledged person, I would have refused to call it a reason. I don't blame anyone for cheating him. How can you forgive what he did, and are we sure we should? This is not what I am suggesting. Finally, let me point out that, as I write, we are in a global economic crisis that has been around for two years. It's not terribly different from the stock market crash in 1929. The Two Reasons Why It 'This has led to a depression of the new millennium as follows: Governments give money to the banks to keep the market and the majority of countries are now friendly to each other. In addition, the lesson was not taught. Hopefully now. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, non-fiction, that deals with the topic. There are many informative, smart people. The DVD has a trailer. I only recommend it to those who know better, and encourage everyone who watched it to seek out the truth. 8/10
