The most recent episode that was broadcast from the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholy installment that proves that the show still explored its characters in the third season. Although flawed, 'All Our Yesterdays' has its moments and overall a moody, compelling feel to it. Kirk, Spock and McCoy beam to a planet, if they come in the heat of time to save or at least give some warning to what the population is there, as the planet's sun explodes within hours. But as it turns out, people are aware of the planet's fate, and with the help of a timing device they have escaped in the past. Every person has chosen the time and place in the past where he or she wants to live at a library, an elderly man named Mr Atoz. Atoz assumes the three men are also looking for a past to live in, and show them different periods from which to choose viewers. There are some forced confusion at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy-Where did they go? Atoz-Wherever they want. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding can be cleared more easily, but it is not, and shortly thereafter, Kirk finds himself back to a period after England's 18th century, while Spock and McCoy are sent to a ice age, 5000 years in the planet's past. From here, the focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman who has been disregarded so far by a tyrant as punishment. Spock is increasingly beginning to act emotionally and shows anger towards McCoy and deep love for Zarabeth, the woman. He finally realized that he returned 5000 years ago to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan. Kirk made his way back to the library first, and finally Mr Atoz convinced them not to belong to his planet's history. Spock and McCoy return just before it's too late, with Zarabeth behind; The Enterprise balls the three up and speed away as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth offers this episode's most memorable moments, although Kirk's adventure in the English past is entertaining. All in all, a very decent last-mentioned Star Trek excursion.
