The penultimate episode of Star Trek's third season is excellent and a highlight of the very malignant final season. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk spring up to Sarpeidon to completely lack the planet's population, except for the presence of a giant library and mr. Atoz, the librarian. All 3 Trek characters accidentally run into a time-traveling machine in various periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock gives a convincing performance as an ice age Vulcan that falls in love with Zarabeth while Kirk repeats his unfortunate time travel experience - see the 'City on the edge of eternity' - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before escaping and escaping to find the doorway back in time at Sarpeidon's presence. Eventually, all 3 Trek characters are only saved a few minutes before the Beta Niobe star goes around Sarpeidon supernova. The business just disappears as the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner mentioned in his book "Star Trek Memories", this show was the source of a dispute since Leonard Nimoy noticed no reason given. in Lisette's writing for the reason why Spock behaved in such an emotional way. Nimoy conveyed his concerns directly to the show's producer Fred Freiberger, that Vulcans should not be in love. (P.272 •). However, Freiberger has argued that the ice age has the opportunity to experience Spock's emotions, as it was a time when Vulcans had not yet developed into their completely logical state. It was a good example of improvisation on Freiberger's part to save a script that was far above average for this particular episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in script quality for the third season has artistically hurt Spock, as his character was forced to break like a donkey in Plato's Stepchildren, "playing Hippies in" The Way to Eden "or sometimes shows emotion, the writing here was more credible, Spock's performance was excellent because Freiberger had openly admitted to Shatner (p.272) The only obvious plot hole was the fact that since both Spock and McCoy thousands of years back in time traveled, McCoy also had to return to a more primitive human state, not just Spock, but it was a transitory mistake given the poor quality of many other season 3 shows, the brilliant Spock / McCoy show and the originality of this screenplay, who would have thought that the current inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape their fate from their doomed planet by traveling in their past, which is definitely what we expected from the best of 'Classic Trek' - a job I inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in 'Memories', mentioned some of his best "unusual and high quality shows" of season 3 as The Enterprise Incident, Day of the Pigeon, there is in fact no beauty, the Tholian Web, And the children will lead and paradise syndrome. (P.273). While my personal opinion is that 'And the kids will lead' is a very bad episode, while 'Is there no beauty in the truth', 'All our Yesterdays' is definitely on the high season's list of three-star Trek TOS movies . I give a 9 out of 10 for "All Our Yesterdays."
