An Unusual Journey on Time: Instead of traveling to Earth's past, the main trio in the past is trapped in another planet. They radiate to this planet, whose sun is going to sleep in 3 or 4 hours (it cuts it close!). In a kind of futuristic library they meet Mr. Atoz (A to Z, get it? Ha-ha) and its duplicates. It seems, instead of escaping their planet's destruction through space travel, in the usual way, the residents have all escaped from their planet in different periods. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on the road after making a choice (see the slides we see here, another draw prediction of CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (the Atavachron wat-sis), Gallant Kirk hears a woman's scream and runs into the planet's version of the Earth's 17th century, where he comes in a sword battle and is arrested. There is an eccentric but good performance here by the actress who at this time plays a woman of bad reputation, using phrasing of the time ("... you are a bully fine. Witch! Witch! will burn you ...! "). Spock & McCoy follows Kirk, but ends 5000 years earlier in an ice age. <br /> <br /> First, Kirk succeeds in returning to the library. The true story here is Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the 5000-year-old Vulcans. It doesn't really make sense, except that maybe this time machine is responsible for the change. (However, Spock & McCoy was not prepared by Atoz, it also seems to me that Spock has been affected by the transition almost immediately - he calls to be away from millions of light years, rather than the right hundreds or thousands - a big mistake for a logical Vulcan). Anyway, Spock really shows his nasty side here - forget "Day of the Dove" and remember "This side of paradise" - McCoy quickly finds out that his Vulcan mate won't stand for any of his usual bait and hardly gets his face. rearrange. Spock also picked it up with Zarabeth, a cheerful female who was disregarded as a punishment for this cold past (a few Trek novels wrote about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are eye-openings, a reminder of how much Spock hides or holds. It is also ironic that just a few episodes earlier ("Requiem for Methuselah") McCoy pointed out that he would never know the Spock. pain of love - and now it all happens. Meanwhile, Kirk is attending the elderly Atoz, insisting that Kirk is back to an ancient era. "You're apparently a suicidal maniac" - wonderful things by actor Wolfe, last seen in Bread and Circuses. It all works in the end, but as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very close. A neat little trek adventure, with a definite cosmic slope.
