Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, developed ideas for and even directed episodes of Amazing Stories. Of course, this should be the greatest anthology ever? Unfortunately wrong. Some episodes are just fantastic, but all too often it was a mixed bag. In fact, it could have been, it was ruin, it was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, some were horror and one was even animated. It made it a similar, but not so good, 80's version of the Twilight Zone (which was all around). <br /> <br /> Normally, I would like to have a mixture of stories in an anthology program, but they just don't quite work here. Some of the more fantastic dramatic episodes felt that they would be better off on the Lifetime network late in the night, such as Spielberg's "Ghost Train" episode itself. In that episode it gave the message of hope and gave us a fantasy story, but overall it was just a build-up to the end that never broke me off. The horror episodes tended to work better than the drama, but there were many more dramatic children, and they were tired of watching. Acting, this anthology has some great stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al. Yankovich and many others are in episodes of the show. It is nice to see famous actors in almost every episode of the series. Big directors also participated in episodes such as Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. I would actually recommend it to fans of the directors and / or the 80s as anyone else. <br /> <br /> Amazing Stories were sometimes wonderful, usually good, occasionally mediocre and every time a real stinker came out. But this show has nostalgic value to me, and it's so nice to sit down on lunch and watch some episodes. John Williams' theme music for the show is sure to be trapped in anyone's headline as well. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes. per episode. TVPG
