Honestly, I expected to hate this one, and I really just checked it out because Jenna Jameson was in it ... but I have to say I got a kick out of evil. A group of college children and their teacher go on a "field drive" to Ireland. Their accommodation is located near the forest, where it is backed up by strange things happening and tourists often disappear without a trace. The group of teenagers are warned by the property's caretaker not to venture into the forest - but to be the stupid B movie characters - of course they pay nothing and pay them one by one. First there is a lot of error with EVIL BREED. The play / dialogue is pretty poor and my biggest gripe is that a movie that Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes has NO more gratuitous nudity than is shown here. And Jenna's role in this production is very overheated, as she has a combined total of about 2 minutes screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn shows no skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. Also, the last scene of the film makes absolutely no sense and feels like it's just thrown to end the movie. Take that aside - there are also good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are both sent early, with Greico's naked torso coming on a braai and Chasey's bowels hanging out to be torn halfway (although how she ends up in this way is not shown on the screen). .. Not bad for the first 5 minutes. The other dead screens are quite inventive, including Jenna's forced chest implant removal, a guy who pulled out his colon through his ass, a knife through the face, and some other notable features. The implant and colon screens also have unspecified versions that are special features and it is a pity that the producers cut them, so to speak. Also, the movie moves with a nice good clip as it moves, so you don't really have too much time to get bored. The "Creature" FX is also well done which definitely helps. Generally, EVIL BREED WAS NOT DOWN as much as I expected. This one, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, has renewed my interest in US low-budget straight-to-video movies. I usually like them as a whole, but these two were decent enough to give my faith. Malice is not a masterpiece, but it is a decent way to blow 90 minutes. It can't be painful to suck on a bottle of cheap bourbon while you're at it. I know I was and I'm sure it didn't hurt. the experience. 7.5 / 10
