If you were a director who wanted to throw female victims for a treasure trove, would it make sense to add some porn stars? It's not as if they are inexperienced in front of the camera, they don't have the necessary nudity and how many unattractive porn queens can you name? Of course, Christian Viel had the potential to mix hardcore actresses with hard gore effects and so he played four of the sexiest and most notorious stars of the adult theater. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes all come up with comos. The most intriguing treasure is released since Scream revived the genre. <br /> <br /> Originally intended for a release in October 2002, Samhain watches the Halloween-based synopsis. Unfortunately, the shooting was plagued by numerous problems, which prevented the function from reaching the exposure it deserves. Lastly, I heard that it was signed by Film 2000 here in the UK and was written for a late October issue directly to DVD. Unfortunately, the label has a relentless track record with DTV slashers. Not happy with the pollution of our shelves with Camp Blood and its follow-up, they were also responsible for unleashing Ouma, Bleed and the rancid Paranoid. Can Samhain finally be worth the ammunition for their contemptuous catalog channel? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / US students and their Head of Education to Ireland as part of their history course. On arrival they are told of the legend of a cannibalist tribe that surrounds the hills of Scotland and killed locals for food. The cannibals were eventually caught and fired at the game, but rumors have escaped one of the tribe escaping to the bushveld of Ireland to find refuge. After the children have rectified and start doing what all blood-bathing in these shakes do, the mandatory goody-two shoes (and definite heroine candidate) are mocked by a shadow that comes late at night. Could it be that the meat hungry maniac is still in the forest? Well, what do you think? <br /> <br /> It seems that Samhain's production was jinxed from the beginning. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to develop Jenna Jameson's nude composition, and Chasey Lain began to act like a drug-free primadonna. Finally, the producers got cold feet just before the movie wanted to hit the shelves and started talking about the reprocessing and removing all the gore. Reports said they were unhappy about the huge amounts of violence and they wanted to cut scenes so that they could achieve an R rating. Of course, Veil didn't even agree, and saw his entire synopsis strengthened by his creative graphic display. Eventually, after months of arguments, the director divorced the company with Warehouse productions and the feature was again locked in the safes. <br /> <br /> Despite many disruptions, Veil's scraper opus is still one of the best genre pieces being released. since the new millennium. The copy I was sent was the preview screener, which was, of course, a test press without sound effects or the full soundtrack. But it still boasted some credible joggers, beautiful cinematography and some of the prettiest pieces I've seen for some time. One man is disrupted by his rectum before being strangled with his small intestine. Jenna Jameson gets naked and streaked in a separate closeness, and Chasey Lain ends 'her mess' after an unfortunate rescue effort by her boyfriend (Richard Grieco). Although the murders are unusually horrible, Samhain never feels enthusiastic, it is basically due to the characters depicted thinly as basic slasher cliches. In all honesty, the script was perhaps the biggest downfall of the movies, because the dialogue was not so much inspired by Wes Craven's Scream movies, as it was sharply cut and pasted. <br /> <br /> Certainly the inclusion of the mouthwatering Jenna Jameson was a big move by the producers. Her fans will be excited to know that she is beating her top (as expected) and also Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a soft porn movie, and it benefits the structure it creates. It is noteworthy that the aforementioned XXX stars almost perform the supposed 'actors' of the feature, which is not much of a supplement. Ginger Lynn was at least noticeable (if you ignore the shameful 'Oirish accent'), and her struggle with the Hulking killer was superbly executed and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna were expecting poor drama, which could be caused by the many problems at stake. Veil's direction of cinematography was excellently constructed and he provided some much needed injections of tension. Exciting and sharp photography is blended with a good storytelling flair and the net result is a spectacular extravaganza to satisfy even the most critical gore dogs. It will be interesting to see what kind of final cut is released. from Samhain. Rumors have it that a second director has been set up to shoot another end, and I'm curious how many of the explicit gears for global distribution will remain intact. If the end result is just half as good as the rough pressure I watched, it's even better than almost all the genre pieces that have been unleashed over the last ten years. This one is definitely worth checking out?
