Hong Kong directors who left for Hollywood to make movies are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of those like Tsui Hark, John Woo, Ringo Lam in the 90's. Of their collective output, only a few movies (or may I just say one?) Have made an impact on the box office. The Andrew Lau and Alan Mak partnership were a tour of recent HK film history, especially with their well-known Infernal Affairs trilogy recreated in Martin Scorsese's The Departed. So it's no surprise if Hollywood knocks on the door. /> <br /> But without co-employee Mak, who usually has script / story commitments, how did Lau go with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like the X-Files without the X, in the way the story is made, the characters and the parallels drawn with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes are joining David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, just because they are not a federal investigative agency carrying weapons, but employees of Protective Services. The key role is to ensure that sexual predators belonging to them are kept safe from society when released from time they served. Therefore, they are the shepherds who tend to their flock, only that their herd suffers from sick sexual perversion with the propensity for violence. <br /> <br /> The parallels in characterization are so blatantly obvious that it is just a cosmetic touch on the outside. Like Fox Mulder, Gere's Erroll Babbage is a strange, lonely man who is consumed by his obsession in his quest to hold his flock. Painting through a failed attempt to save a missing child, just as Mulder pained his missing sister, Babbage is avoided by colleagues and the marches disguised as a retirement plan. He was deeply horrified by the people he monitored, sick of their crimes and for which they stood, that he had no discomfort to use unorthodox methods, but not to fly the handle while driving out illegal, predictive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong urgency to fight, not to cross the line to become like the one he leaves. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads to his goal, to seek closure, salvation for himself and to have a strong belief that the truth is still there, and he wants to believe. <Br /> <br /> Danes' Allison Lowry, on the other hand, was brought in to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, while learning the ropes on the job for the next 18 days, she has to spy on him and report his shenanigans, almost like Dana Scully used with Fox Mulder. As the unbeliever of pre-emptiness and holding on to the idea that those who have returned to society have been cured of their temptations, she slowly sees what Babbage sees and understands that it costs much more than just a desk and administrative work if she really wants to help people. <br /> <br /> And this is the discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, that we open all our eyes, much like how 8mm's lead Nicolas Cage has sniffing films in the spotlight. It's a decent exploratory drama with the usual red herring, and me, it's really good, because it made you wonder if your guesses are correct and you quickly find yourself off the hip, since you are proving wrong with frequency although I don't admit it to a solid narrative, but more to the vast number of characters (watch out for Avril Lavigne's cameo) and sub-graphs. The scene in the blackout warehouse / storehouse was similar to Se7en's David Mills and William Somerset when they caught John Doe's apartment and found many bizarre interiors. Although the subject gave nature, it was not much. <br /> <br /> Apparently, The Flock somehow decided that Enrique Chediak's cinematography was good enough, despite his very odd style of no style, using almost every trick in the book to feel the feelings of trying to revive another, just that it was deep steep in brown, rather than black and black. It takes a while to get used to this, and I set this effect as one that actually derives from what is happening in the story. Not a very good move, but with a rather regular repetition of scenes involving flashbacks. <br /> <br /> But the herd still makes decent entertainment, although X-Philes would find out there, it would be hard not to give their favorite actors in the lead, so many similarities in character. Gere and Dane do some chemistry than the old fogy (heh) and his protégé, and while it's not very good, Andrew Lau managed to pull out something nice.
