I really like Richard Gere ... I always have and it seems that his status as a Hollywood star and money maker slipped, but he seems to be playing very mature, intense roles and was very successful about it, just not financially, because I saw him in some great gems, such as the Hoax, The Hunting Party (both have to watch movies! See my reviews) and now this The Flock, which was supposedly meant for a major release of the substantial 35 million + budget. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very difficult because I thought the movie dealt with a very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way and Gere just brought it home. This is an action-thriller drama that held me to television with his story. I think part of the problem people want is that it is a very serious matter in Hollywood, but I don't think it does it with disrespect, but rather trying to turn people around to make people aware that it exists. In fact, it's very similar that the hunting party is waging war. The Hong Kong director, Wai-keung Lau, had a decent job that kept it together, but I think the role has made it visible. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker of type Erroll Babbage who created some of his own style and laws when it comes to keeping his "Flock" who are registered violent sex offenders. He does not punch to track these people, follow them and make sure they do not offend again and if they do, he will be the one to identify and stop them. Gere is so intense and drained from this work and he became violent and angry to lose these monsters on the streets. He's just fantastic. Claire Danes is also fantastic as Babbage's new partner and his replacement, which he must practice to do his job. Danes' character is much more typical social worker and is a little surprised at Babbage's style and methods, but slowly realizes what he is trying to achieve and act on. The two of them are brilliant and have great chemistry with so many different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered offender apparently torn from the newspapers, as she plays a character reminiscent of Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife now out) for those who follow the Canadian serial killers. Her character goes a bit at the top, but she is immediately convincing and terrible. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new boyfriend and he would have been better off, probably given a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is a terrific character actor (watches him out in Dead End as well as the wonderful turn that Satan himself shows in the WB Reaper) and gets a small but good role as head of the Public Security Department Babbage's boss. <br /> <br /> The movie is not perfect, despite the tremendous performances of the lead. It takes freedoms by really trying to make the movie more entertaining than educational, but it's just another angle, not the Nicholas Cage dud 8MM. The Herd brings you to the bottom of the sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more and is just something to watch. Maybe it is not arranged or written, but it could have been, but I tell you that Danes and Gere together make this movie totally viewable and a very big thriller. It is disturbing, but also something that is not very complex, yet Gere's character is in many ways intensely complex with many layers and also opens social stigma and makes you in many ways consider vigilantism when you see people what Faster trade. I encourage you all to ignore poor reviews and see for yourself, because it's worth checking out !! 8.5 / 10
