"What is love? What is this longing in our hearts for togetherness? Isn't this the sweetest flower? Does this flower of love not have the fragrant scent of fine, fine diamonds? Isn't the wind loving the dirt? it is not love? Unlike the unlikely, is it unlikely to be? Are you with someone tonight? Don't question your love. Keep your lover on hand. Leave the power in your own. You heard me "Leave the power. Theme the wild cosmos with a whisper. Leon Phelps" When Tim Meadows created his distinctive SNL playboy, Leon Phelps, I got a little. With the hearing of his lustful and turbulent remarks, my distant trembling rushed with indignation. I used the click function more than once, best readers. <br /> <br /> When the movie version of "The Ladies Man" comes on the cable, I mumbled some comments of my own and clicked again. But the day comes, gray and past, when 'nothing is up', one of the 100+ channels ... sighs. Yes? I was confronted with every cable subscriber pain? watch it or turn off my TV! There he was, Leon Phelps, smirking and ... let me laugh! What happened? Did I succumb to Hollywood's 'dom-down' sit-com humor? Was I so desperate to prevent me from abdicating my holy throne? The truth of the matter is more than I am. A story about a vulgar playmaker smearing cognac while learning in every female form goes against my feminist sensitivity. <br /> <br /> What started out as a rough SNL skit blew in front of me in a story about Leon and his playboy philosophy. by living "helping people" solve their sexual conflicts. "I am the Mother Teresa of Boning," he told Julie (Karyn Parsons), his friend and long-suffering producer of his radio program, The Ladies Man. And he's not joking. Leon left a string of broken hearts and malignant spirits. Leon is just driving over Chicago. The fact that he does so with such goodwill is his calling card through life. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "Expert in the ways of love" manages himself in much trouble with men and boyfriends. One such malicious spouse, Lance (Will Ferrell), is a "Victim of the Smiling Ass, USA" Club, who vows to catch our lovely Don Juan. "Oh yes, we'll get revenge," he winds to his cohorts, in a show dance number. <br /> <br /> Plus, it's such a total pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the owner of the tavern. and Leon's smooth narrator's odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a lot of cash. (Where did he hide?) But would I choose this movie as my Valentine's Day choice? Leon's quest for easy life changed in so many profound ways - that I had to give our knee to our "Ladies". That he can find true happiness with one woman at the film's closeness while still offering his foreign advice is the dream game!
