Sometimes they get lucky and hit their hands (Wayne's World, the first one, not the second). But mostly they have duds This time it is Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This movie falls somewhere between a hit and a dud. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but as usual it happens with SNL sketches. It starts slowly, before it ends, long after it has to be. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is called Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a night program, The Ladies Man. He answers any and all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the cruel way. Everything seems to be finally on the buttocks. After pushing the buttons of the station manager, Leon is discharged with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) and needs another job. From the random blue comes a letter from one of his former ladies. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life. The only problem is that the letter was not signed. So Leon must find all the women he attended to find the wife of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the film, the wife of your dreams is right in front of you. There is also a section chart on a lot of guys whose wives / girls have slept with Leon, and they first want to find out who he is (through a tattoo on part of his anatomy), then kill him. Leaders of these many guys are surprised! Sal Ferrell from SNL. First, I thought the sub-plot was rather lame. The singing and dancing were just totally worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but here he just clicked on me. And the rest of the guys were just cohabiting clubs, and eventually everyone decided that they were cheating on women / girls, they were guilty. So back to the main story. The story basically centers around Leon and sex. So, after all, if you don't like Leon's character, you won't like the movie. His voice, his ways, his dialogue is what the film carries. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a very good actor on SNL. The only thing I ever liked about him was his ladies sketch. But the best thing about this is that they were usually the host involved (remember one with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes they were pretty funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really funny. What I thought was good about the character in the movie, and it kept him completely in character. He never wondered if she just wanted to get laid persona. Up to the end there was this transformation, and the everlasting speech to tie things up. Other than that, it was pretty good to keep Leon as Leon, and not to change him into something less rough than he was. There isn't much of this movie's content, if you can't guess. But as I said earlier, the start of the movie was very funny. Some really laughed out loud moments, all about sex and its inflexibility. The problem of course with this movie, and most other SNL spin offs, is that they are characters that only need to be displayed for a few minutes at a time. Expanding the concept in 80 minutes is very difficult. The problem is, of course, why they needed the subplot, because without it having been, this movie was a little less than an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it wasn't good it became boring. <br /> <br /> In general, the Ladies' man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but it wasn't. It had some funny moments, the first 20 minutes was pretty good, but the rest dragged. There was an unnecessary subplot of which the sole purpose was to extend the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps character, you will see the movie. If he irritates you, don't even go. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in some pretty revealing clothes. <br /> <br />
