Just as level as it may sound, I delayed my view of "The Barbarians" several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the picture displayed on the site) looks so gay! I wish I had watched it earlier because the movie was not so much gay. Just dirty, cheesy, camping and fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, director of the "Cannibal Holocaust" of all people, was the man responsible for this comical deposit on today's popular Sword & Sandal fantasy movie, especially Schwarzenegger's Conan movies. The film opens with a fantastic one-on-a-time type off-screen narrator, which introduces us to the Ragneks. Their founder once traded a whole mountain of pure gold for just one magical powerful ruby ​​that allowed them to travel freely and gain access to every country as entertainers. In other words, the Ragneks are a bunch of traveling circus freaks! Their happiness suddenly comes when the greedy Kadar kidnapped the Ragneks' beautiful Queen Canaries and constantly strives to discover the whereabouts of the ruby. Meanwhile, and as a kind of entertaining waste of time, the two orphans, Gore and Kutchek, are being trained to become muscular warriors and they are unwilling to fight each other against death. Instead, however, they escape and develop a plan to free their queen. In fact, the plot is not half as bad as I initially feared, but still the most pleasure is provided by the beefcake brothers' chemistry, the crazy dialogues and of course the totally cute fantasy monsters, like a dragon with adorably cute eyes, a kind of werewolf and zombies randomly appearing from the swamp. The soundtrack and make-up effects are wonderful and our almighty director Deodato keeps a tremendous quick pace. The Barbarian Brother's acting abilities are much better than I expected, apart from the fact that one of them is constantly delivering brilliant sound. The supporting cast is also wonderful. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful than the witty wild girl Cara. Virginia Bryant is several times like Richard Lynch states, and the beautiful Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance on the film as an evil wizard with a donut-style hair (I don't kid you!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" die everyone's favorite Eyes in the Hills creeps Michael Berryman as the appropriate Dirtmaster. I know the picture gayer looks like a promotion campaign for the music version about the rise and fall of the Village People, but "The Barbarians" is really an Italian exploitation campus.
