LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of a film, a work that has gone deeper due to its underrated script by writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi who is the scenery of this road trip story and the sophisticated acting of the stars Nicolas Cazale and Mohamed Majd to carry the emotional impact of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is greatly enhanced by the cinematography of Katell Djian (a sensitive mix of travel clocks of horizons and tightly photographed duets between characters) and the musical score by Fowzi Guerdjou who manages to maintain some beautiful themes in the film while he pays homage to the many local musical variations of the many countries recording the film. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazale) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a Western girl who doesn't follow the religious direction of his heritage. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) decided his time had come to make his Hadj to Mecca, and if he could not drive, the reluctant Reda called for his personal needs to bring him to his ultimate religious obligation. The two sat in a fragile car to travel through France, Italy, and through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Along the way, Reda pleads with his father to visit some of the interesting sights, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the trip and Reda is irritated by his father's claims. On their pilgrimage, they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who connects herself to the two men and must eventually be deserted by Reda, a Turkish man Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian) who promises to lead the father / son duo, but rather, a rift caused by Reda getting drunk in a bar and disappearing, and numerous border patrols and personal agents delaying their progress for various reasons. Stress between father and son mountain: Reda cannot understand the importance of this pilgrimage, so full of trials and accidents, and the father cannot understand Reda's insensitivity to the father's religious beliefs and needs. Eventually they reach Mecca where they are surrounded by hats of pilgrims from around the world and the sensation of travel's meaning is overwhelming for Reda. The way the story comes to an end is touch and rich in meaning. It took a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and age, between son and father, and between resistance and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this movie is extraordinary - all the more so because it feels as if the camera is just "happening" to catch the beauty of the many stops along the way without having to improve it. with special effects. Nicolas Cazale is an excellent actor (see his latest and currently a movie 'The Grocer's Son') and it is his carefully nuanced role that brings magic to this film. Another fine film from The Film Movement, it is a soft story brilliantly told. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
