If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you can point out that the opening of a BAF Lancaster bomber was mortally wounded on May 2, 1945, is unlikely because the German air defense was as lively as Adolph Hitler that day, but it is a movie that must be considered by a cynical audience and I think a character is literally killed, during the last hours of the war, adds the poignancy. In fact, you had to survive the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell and Pressburger's masterpiece. The screens of heaven are painful two when seen today? Once again, you should see the movie of context when made. The commander of the RAF bomb attack lost 58 000 men in the war, the same number that America lost in Nam, but in a shorter period and a far smaller pool of active fighters, there is no atheists in a fox hole. and I doubt if you lost a relative during the conflict, you would regard material atheism as a sensible thing. When Richar Attenborough's young pilot looks out at him under the awe, many war heroes must have woken openly at this scene, remembering many missed comrades who did not survive the war. Also keep in mind that despite the loss of a few million people from 1939-45, very few people from Germany move through the pearl door. it is obvious Nazis do not go to heaven <br /> <br /> The plot itself where young pilot, Peter Carter, who was living in front of a heavenly court, did not address me much as it was not for the subtext you see a MATTER OR LIFE AND DEATH is a highly political and visionary film paralyzing the end of the British Empire as it is being replaced by American ambitions. There are little things that show the film made by people who are aware of American history and culture. One is America's ethnic mix, even today many British think the US is overwhelmingly white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, while only 51% of Americans are "White-European". The film rightly contains a scene in which a multitude of different races confess "I am an American" as Peter was judged by Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobe, who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in the American Independent War. As for the "special relationship" between Britain and America - what special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America. Of course they also know their future <br /> <br /> Remember to watch this movie with some of your thoughts in the past and your mind. It's weird, beautiful, attractive and smart, but mostly it's a movie that will never work if it's been made in the past 40 years. Can you imagine whether the story was set in 2003 and overturned a British soldier killed in Iraq?
