After a dirty shame, I never thought I'd see another John Waters movie. The movie was really so bad, I was convinced that all his movies would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said it was an excellent movie, I decided to try it anyway. Just a few days later, it was shown on television. I bound it out of curiosity and now that I have seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is certainly much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this movie we see how a young "nobody" from Baltimore becomes an overnight sensation in the art world of New York. He is a sandwich employee who makes his strange family or things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he keeps his very first 'exhibition' in the shop where he works, his photos are noticed by a gallery owner who loves the photos full of misery and strangeness. His photos are sold at huge prices, but when he sees his family, friends and strangers respond to his success, he decides that he is no longer going to New York, they will have to come to him if they want to see more of him. And they do, but what they see there is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine. <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I loved this movie, much more than a dirty shame. The first reason is that this movie has a real story. to say and not just to shock as many people as possible, the fact that they make fun of the art world, which generally regards art as not knowing what is real, is not just funny, It's not so far from the truth, I think there are many people who feel modern art, no one understands why they make such a fuss, but apparently we all love it. is because this one had far better performances to perform, I do not say that everything you will see is good, but the characters have at least meaning due to the actions of the various actors such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, .... is not a good movie, but thanks to his criticism and Some good jokes - which never really go too far - are a nice movie. It's certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked it a lot more than "A Dirty Shame". I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
