For this little black and whiter, the touch of criminal rape never made it on the American screen. There were many of these topics that kept Hollywood and the Production Code hidden from the rebellious 1960s. It is therefore not surprising that it will take a small independent company like Ida Lupino's Filmmakers to raise the box. The result is well-intentioned, but it's not a bit compromised, as director Lupino had to work with the code's requirements to release the movie. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, Ann Walton's (Mala Powers) main problem is the assault. It's not how others can see her, but how she sees herself. And it's a heavy load she's carrying. Will she ever be able to talk to men again? Will they look at her as "spoiled goods" (after all, 1950)? Little wonder she walks away rather than confronting this anxiety at home and at work, although family and friends are generally supportive. Overall, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is to inject some action into the plot, but then it's a movie. Notice how the nose-like neighbor does not respond to the baseball near the end of the chase. If the neighbor had been in place of an alarm, the neighbor's lack of response would have had an interesting but complex problem. <br /> <br /> The second half is pretty much transferred to the Production Code in the sentimental person of Ever Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (quoting a phrase) who "gives her courage to live again". There are a few attempts to renew him - is it Ann or her dilemma most interested in? Yet his soft and sensible presence comes as a little too wonderful and a bit too Hollywood. Fortunately, the end avoids the usual Hollywood cop-out by just hoping for a happy resolution for Ann rather than his security. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a lot of credit for handling the subject in the first place. Given the overall results, I expect she treated the topic honestly. I also expect today's hearing that the treatment is slightly interesting, mainly due to the excellent performance of Powers which constitutes the purely human drama. However, the film now works best as a document of his time, and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought fit for adults.
