I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said it was his favorite movie, and it is mine too. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, wonderfully crafted story - the power of love against the "powers it is". However, his fraud lies in the complexity of his "is it really or is it imaginary" principle. In fact, one can argue that it is merely a portrayal of the effects of war on a young, more poignant pilot during World War II. Or is it? The question is never answered in any way. Actually, it is never even asked. This uninterrupted understatement is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography even include a few finches that portray the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a movie version of Richard Strauss's opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young 18th-century Viennese aristocrat. It is evident in the brief intervention in which Conductor 71, in all its delicacy, is holding the rose (which appears silver in heaven). The music even has a dreamy quality. <br /> <br /> All actors are the first time. David Niven is most charming and has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. But in my opinion, the movie's charm comes from Marius Goring as Conductor 71. He has by far the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent light hearts and brightening the film. It is a pity that some of the plays from Conductor 71 were left on the cutter floor. It is also a pity that Goring's comedic talents are rarely seen again on film, except in the wonderful videos of The Scarlet Pimpernel television series from the 1950s. This is by far the most memorable role of his film career. He is a perfect foil for Niven's relaxed style, and his virtual overstatement contrasts so beautifully with the seriousness of the rest of the characters. Ironically, also in the mid-1940s, Niven also played against another heavenly "messenger", played by Cary Grant, in The Bishop's Wife. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the rash boring, non-energetic and disappointing. As a note, according to Powell, Goring wanted desperate Peter Carter's role, which initially refused Conductor 71. This is a good thing he has given and has given us such a beautiful portrayal. <br /> <br /> The film, "In Command" To flow over the tense relations between Britain and the US, exaggerated its point to the end. But it is disarmed in its soft memories of the horrors of war - the many victims, both military and civil, the need to continue when faced with death. There is a striking lack of WWII "enemies" in heaven, but the civilians shown are of indeterminate origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their portrayal, but it was not necessary. The film may not have served its diplomatic purpose as hoped for, but its originality continues to inspire inspectors as well as viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
