Some unconscious movies carry a message resonating in the hours and days after reading. This is the case for CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully crafted 2002 film from Spain, based on the novel 'A boca de noche' by Ángel García Roldán, which also adapted the book as a script. War and its consequences are not a new topic for films, but if the war theme in the background plays a subtle drive to develop characters (especially children) that have to influence adult life, the play of adults is affected. is the result another Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish American youth from New York who returns with her critically ill mother Aurora (María Barranco). after her Aurora's home in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War, a house that had been abandoned since his wife's death by her father, Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna). Carol's father Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot with the Republicans sitting against Franco and rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jimenez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso once again married Aurora's cold sister Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who lives for all but her grandfather Don Amalio until she meets her age, but not from her 'class': Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends, Carol. Tomiche is bound by what feels like the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies of her illness, Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but turn to her grandfather for support and her mother's best friend and teacher Maruja (the ever-radiant Rosa Maria Sardà) for the inequality between classes and the senseless war that her beloved father loves. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn the difficulty of becoming adults, who experience more traumas than most of us experience in a short period of the war. The end, though sad, is exciting, as Carol's journey to adulthood is complete. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains some extraordinarily beautiful settings captured with gentle sensitive lighting by cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by the musical score by Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that distinguishes pathos from bathos, and in the election to focus the story about the children involved, he makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of the war. The film is exceptional: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by the fine veteran actors in the adult roles. It is a visually stunning work with a lasting message and needs a much larger audience than it has until this date. Grady Harp
