The opening blew me with joy over their ingenuity - the changing version of the Archers logo, the introductory indemnity, the way the camera flushes over the cosmos. It's strange to think that "This is a wonderful life" came out in the same year. No big coincidence: the 1940s were overwhelmed with heaven and earth movies; but the glowing cotton wool nebulae and tangy angels of the competition seem stiff, something best conveyed in silence when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. <br /> <br /> It's still going through well all the time, as more and more striking ideas are jumping on us. I'm not a big fan of mixing color with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell dissolves color in monochrome and monochrome in color as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a mere change of palettes. Both the color photography and the black and white can stand on their own. <br /> <br /> As far as the story is concerned, it may be the best manuscript of Pressburger, or at least it would have been the conclusion as a more logical outcome of previous events. Other than that, it is tight but with more going on than I could possibly refer to here. Were the heavenly things real or imaginary? (Or both? Maybe Carter dreamed a fantasy what happened like that.) Everyone says we're not supposed to ask or answer this question, but I don't see why. I'm sure we're meant to ask the question. The movie even gives us clues as to what the answer is - indeed, the problem is that there are too many clues and they first seem to be pointing in different directions. The fact that other things must also take our attention does not mean that it should not occupy us either. There is a lot going on, as I have already said. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (heaven's prosecutor) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket match, and says contemptuously: "The voice of England, 1945." Dr. Reeves (the defense ) Recognizes the exhibition with a great embarrassment and then produces one of its own: a blues song from America, which Farlan listens as if he has a lemon in his mouth. Reeves looks apart. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I don't see why it's funny to condemn blues music - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger do anyway. As the song is played, we get a shot of American soldiers listening to it: several of them They nod their heads to the rhythm, perfect at home, they don't find it incomprehensible, there is something valuable about the song and Reeves and Farlan don't know what it is, Reeves probably knows so much. All English audiences (and all Australian, Indian, etc. Audiences) also know without telling that there is anything of value in the cricket broadcast; and that while Reeves understands it, he cannot explain it to Farlan - hence the blues broadcast, which shows that people can understand each other without understanding everything. It's a smart scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a little cold, without the charisma that he would later acquire in his career; but still I don't think a movie grabbed my heart so fast after the action started, as it did.
