In 2017 (although one can easily miss it for 1987, judging by the hairstyles and clothes), the Running Man sees the good man, Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar), for a crime he hasn't committed. After a dreadful jailbreak, he is caught and entered as a participant in the brutal TV game The Running Man, along with some co-escapes and the beautiful woman, Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso). <br /> <br /> Use by the totalitarian government as a way to control the masses, convicted of a variety of colorful (and often camp) opponents. Each has its own unique style of killing: Dynamo burns electricity from a special suit, Buzzsaw uses chain saws, Sub Zero has a razor ice hockey stick, and Fireball prefers a flamethrower to quit competitors. But these killers are not a game for Ben Richards, which sends each one in a gruesome manner (followed by mandatory whitishism). By the end of the film, Ben joins a group of freedom fighters in a fight against the authorities, and gets exact revenge on the spectacular host Killian. <br /> <br /> Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar ruled the action movie universe and he could not make his fans' fans a mistake The Austrian beef has had a successful formula that has almost guaranteed success in the box for the movie. Gender register violence plus logic-free plot plus pretty female sidekick plus spiritual one-liners, minus perceiving abilities equal to great gains. The running man faithfully followed this gigantic recipe on a T and Arnie's (mostly male teen) heard it captured (myself included). Now, two decades later, just finished watching the movie again. For the first time in years, I find it a strange movie: one completely without technical merit, decent acting and convincing effects, but somehow totally entertaining. Directed by Paul Michael Glaser (known as Dave Starsky of cult 70s police star Starsky and Hutch), adapted from a short story by Stephen King (written by Richard Bachman). The Running Man is a cheesy 80s tat that looks incredibly cheap and very dated, but despite (or perhaps because of) the movie's clumsiness, it has a particular charm that is difficult to describe. <br /> <br /> With no attempt to create a realistic proximity setting, the movie offers many unintended giggles. Look at the scene in which Ben Amber's secret box of forbidden cassette tapes (!) Discover; marvel at the crap 'futuristic' graphics used on billboards and The Running Man board game (as a graphic designer, I found this especially amusing); Be amazed at the clear lack of convincing technological advances. <br /> <br /> The Running Man may be completely rubbish, but it's extremely entertaining rubbish that I don't hesitate to recommend to Arnie and Sci-fi actors. in general.
