Didn't the Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for that year? This movie never had a chance because of the decisive, but maybe people can now see why I feel so when I left the theater. Just "Wargames" disturbed me in the same way after leaving the theater, feeling that I got a glimpse of our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> The casting is a 1980s pop culture Cuisinart: Arnold becomes as Ben Richards, the spotted refugee has given a chance to "run" for his freedom on the game title with the same title movie; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, who deals with his role as Family Feud's family with the runners who used real guns; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero," both "stalkers" who kill the "running men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) appear, while the "dancers of the future" are none other than the Laker Girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s." The plot is a good excuse for the action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agrees to be the Running Man when he is told that his friends will be free. Instead, they include him as "participants." Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salma Hayek can properly judge in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The production value on the film was a bit poor, the lines were cheesy and (then), the plot looked a bit far-fetched. I remember thinking when I left the theater that we were definitely heading towards the movie, but who could have seen how far we went there and how fast? If the running man is listed in the TV guide, most people will assume that it is just another reality program that is pushing the envelope today. The government's influence on the media has only gotten worse, and the darkened American public of the future, which persuades all its "national security" freedoms, is a cool one. Ben Richards is brilliantly played by Arnold as one of the few remaining remarks against a government tyranny that the rest of America is prepared to accept in exchange for good television and a few gifts for the audience. <br /> <br /> The movie was beyond the top, perhaps even off the cliff, but as with Back to the Future III, the ravines became visible in 1987. In 2006, it was replaced by completed tracks and this movie will be one of the more prophetic films of our time in the future. It is tragic that the academy, like Wargames, does not recognize this brilliant script. "Serious" actors who act seriously while being so pretentious that you want to pop up can win more Oscars, but they don't make better movies than their "regular man" counterparts like this one. <br /> <br /> An absolute must-see.
