Arnold once again showed in the 80's that he was the king of action and one line in this futuristic film about a violent game show that no participant survives. But like the brand line, Arnold hasn't yet to play! The film begins in the year 2019, in which the world economy failed with food and other important materials and a totalitarian state, which controls all aspects of life through TV and police. The most popular game is The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against "Stalkers" who kill them. <br /> <br /> The movie opens with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to observe. a food riot in progress. He is ordered by his superiors to fire on them, refusing to knock him out and being put in prison, meanwhile they slaughtered the people without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre that earned him the name "Butcher of Bakersfield". Eighteen months later, Richards worked with two friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) out of a detention zone. They make their way to the underground, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as the "Butcher of Bakersfield" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he will rather live with his brother and get a job. Soon he finds out that his brother has been taken away for reinstatement and a woman's name Amber Mendez (Alonso) took his apartment. Knowing who he is, she won't help him, but he convinces her, but is caught by the police at the airport after she has pushed him out. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the Running man has trouble finding good new blood for the stalkers to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson), the show host and one of the strongest men in the country, sees Richards escaping footage and can get him after his capturing for the show. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs the contract. You will love that part. But soon he finds them joining him and making sure Killian knows he'll be back. The Runners start there by fighting the Zones there and fighting characters that are memorable, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually, Richards joined Amber who suspected he was set up but was also caught in the game. Together they found the underground and made them back to Killian and bid him farewell. <br /> <br /> The running man is another of Arnold's big 80s movies. The movie was apparently somewhat based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some said the book was better. I'm sure it's not and I don't care, but I loved the movie. As in all Arnold's films, the play you'd expect with classic one-Arnold linen and even Ventura is a few. But Richard Dawson is undoubtedly in favor of this movie. Being a true game host, he easily forced himself and could create a character that was really cold-blooded. The whole movie itself falls slightly on game shows and big brother looks at you. Look out for fun and old performances, including 'hate boat'. Also the film was outside Arnold, Koto, and Alonzo doesn't forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the reality TV nonsense going on, it's getting better, but I'm sure the Hollywood Liberals will make it into a movie about the "Bose Bush". The new DVD has mostly poor extras, and the stalkers are the only releasable one. Some of how the ACLU has managed to get communism into the DVD, and that is ridiculous rubbish that should not be near an Arnold movie of all things. Libel! Generally, for any Arnold fan especially us who grew up on him in the 80's, you can't miss it. She's one of the first ones I've seen in the 80's, and it's still fantastic to this day. The futuristic world and humor is wonderful. Overall 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of its best.
