Of all the Arnold's mid-80s who would think the most relevant today would be the Running Man. A cold and surprisingly realistic story of reality TV has gone crazy. It may be far-fetched again, but not now. Not when you think about it. At the moment Reality TV shows are either scratching the bottom of the barrel or desperate to increase the bar. If the next one is no more controversial than the last one, it's a dud. How long will it be before we really see shows like The Running Man? How long before we have "court-appointed theater attorneys" or the entertainment department of the Justice Department? There is so much satire and intelligence in this movie that could be missed in 1987, which is desperate to be seen again given the current state of TV shows. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is: "You're lied to." It's no secret that government and media work in cahoots. And the masses believe what the media is telling them to believe. This is a very scary situation and unless more accurate representations of the truth come to light, we can easily accept a brutal show like the Running Man in the near future. It's no secret that Reality TV isn't very realistic. It has been edited and restated before being broadcast. It's just what the networks want you to see. Usually it is far from real truth. Although it's rather different from Stephen King's book (the end is completely changed), the script meets the typical Arnie formula. Yes, he has many and very stingy one-liners, and he says, "I'll be back" (which he never actually said so often) in the most ironic situation, but he's still a million times better in the role as Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would have been (these two were considered before Arnie believes it or not). <br /> <br /> The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It should not be artistic, but it is still strong enough to generate excitement and its use of neon and blooming colors gives everyone a nice, cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I really like) is attached to Glaser, but the film is still being felt by a very heavy 80's. <br /> <br /> First, Harold Faltermeyer's score (remember him?) is incredibly dated and robs the action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the fashion sense of the movie is far too excessive to be convincing in the future. Apart from the dated feeling, the only other thing that strikes me is the poor performance of the climax. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a million times better than the original release. Gone is the horrible mailbox photo. In its place is a brand new hi-definition 1.85: 1 anamorphic transmission. The colors pop and literally pop out of the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtrack is also great. There is constant use of the surround channels to great effect and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best soldiers I've seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, a trailer and a 'Meet the Stalkers' gimmick are included in this 2-disc set that comes in a pretty neat case.
