I'm still new to the Krimi genre and the only one I've seen before was the earlier and somewhat disappointing 'The Dead Eyes of London', which is not exactly a big hope for the rest of the genre in me. Once I saw this one, the feeling would have been different than while The College Girl Murders was a bizarre and rather vicious attempt to make a crime flag; It's great to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that throws so many strange and wonderful ideas into the writing and gets it done with style. The film begins in a laboratory where a crazy scientist developed a new and highly toxic poison that kills his victim and seems to have died of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal mastermind who breaks general criminals out of jail to execute his murders with this poison (and then put them in jail again). As the title suggests, it is a nearby college full of girls who provide most of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red cloak that wraps around a humpback wheel. With a plot of course; This is not really a serious matter and the director knows this clearly, as there is a very terrible vibe in the film, which is good with the plot. The fact that there are so many different sides of the plot unfortunately means that everything is not smooth; Although this is not a big problem, as things are all over the film, and there is always enough to be interested in the audience. The atmosphere is wonderful and the color scheme shown on the screen is great to watch. Of course, the movie is based on an Edgar Wallace novel and clearly the man has a great imagination; The sites used are also excellent and while a murderer's army is being dumped with an army of wild and exotic animals, it can no longer be relevant to the plot. You cannot expect a conclusion that makes full sense to all the things in this movie; but the reason for the murders is sensible and is a satisfactory way to climax the film. Overall, College Girl Murders is a great little mysterious movie and highly recommended!
