Prussian guest, a murderer wearing a red suit and a hood wearing a white whip, and college schoolgirls murders in the hands of paid prisoners, fueled by a mysterious mastermind hiding his face in a office that contains turtles and fish aquariums. The inspectors at Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) certainly have their hands on this matter. It seems to be a lot of wealth around student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), 21 years old. The girls being harassed share a room with Ann, but the reason for their murders remains a mystery. HIS best to find out. The staff of the girls' residence seem to hide everything and some of the faculty members fall asleep at the murderer in the red monk coat disguised, talented enough to precisely strangle the necks of those who are attacked by the whip. Two prisoners are in command of a riddle man to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist killed at the start of the film, during which a monetary exchange for his creation had to be. It's a smart scheme where a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets the prisoners (who fall into a barrel) who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard. He is blindly bound in the secret room of the master brain. He gives them orders over who to kill and how. The uncovering of this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John because it will lead them to the truth they are looking for in the murders and why they happen. Under suspicion are girls' hostel head, her writer brother, a sweat, incredible nerve chemistry teacher, a sneaky gardener and the Bannister. Some are red herring until they are discarded, and each time the viewer is discovered every time the true mastermind is discovered. The end has several turns. <br /> <br /> From the Crimean movies I've seen, COLLEGE GIRLS are closest to a giallo with its colorful killer, a complicated plot that has many surprises and potential suspects, and sordid shenanigans between adults and the college girls at the residence. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular Krimi movie with the villain mastermind's secret hiding place with a crocodile pit (not used), the false bible / water gun when it is opened, burning the gas The face of shocked victims, the Greaves' Royles Royce, has a latch that obscures the flashes to obscure the windows without relieving the passenger in the back seat. The holes spied the girls in their rooms and while they were swimming. Many can John John considers a liability because of his fascinating, buffalo-like behavior and how he often undermines Higgins' abilities to get the truth (maybe it would be nice for all British inspectors who hurt a case more than to fix it) .. I felt like he was using comedy relief, especially with his attempts to miss psychoanalyst suspects and potential victims, often misunderstood telling him. Higgins uses the skills she adopted as an investigator over the years, instead of clues / facts, and avoids Sir John as much as possible. Skilled direction by the trusted Alfred Vohrer, who makes the pace at a good speed, and the script is full of interesting characters and scary content. The fact that so many of the adults surrounding the dormitory are thought to be able to whip one of them into the whip or call the shots behind those murdered girls' executions. I can say it could be one of the best (or not the best) examples of the Krimi genre, because it keeps you guessing, always once more its sleeve. The revelations unearthed are very eye-opening (and you even get a literal unmasking of the real mastermind pulling the strings to download it all).
