It's probably the fastest and most action packed of the German Edgar Wallace "Crimea" series, a cross between the Dr Mabuse films of yore and 60's pop thrillers like Batman and the Man of UNCLE. It re-installs the outrageous villain from an earlier film that endures a handsome monk's habit and breaks the necks of the victims with the curl of a deadly whip. Set on a solid school of girls full of lifeless middle-aged professors, and with the police on their guard, this is definitely a setback at the wonderfully politically-wrong times. There is a clear link to a later Wallace-based movie, the excellent giallo "Whatever happens to Solange?", Which also covers female students who are damaged by their parents. Completely applicable to the monk theme, the master-child villain uses booby-trapped Bibles to deal with some of the death clauses, and also holds a reptile-filled dungeon to entertain his prisoner. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most playful and visually flamboyant of the series directors, and here, the angry color cinematography is the right star of the show. The Monk appears in a sharp scarlet cow and cloak, which tastefully protrudes the glossy white whip, while appearing against blue night backgrounds. There is also a voyeur-friendly turquoise pool that looks good as a glowing environment for the nubile students and as a shady backdrop for one of the murder tones. The brand "kicker" to hide the "Ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also very memorable. And there's a good brassy and twangy score for retro music fans. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will definitely miss the flaming Eddie Arent character in these later films. Instead, chief inspector Sir John assumes the role of buffoon, convinced he has mastered criminal psychology after taking some night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also went on bigger and better things. At this point, the criminals have lost their indifferent subversive charm, and have now worked on a much more blatant pop culture level, which will make this one accessible to uninitiated viewers.
