Another Pokémon movie hit the theaters, and again I hear the same old, "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." The franchise's opponents can no longer be wrong. Kids still play the trading card game, they are still watching the TV series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advance games, and they want to see "Pokemon the 4th Movie". <br /> <br /> That said, "Pokemon The 4th Movie" introduces us to two more "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, the "north wind" of Lore, and Celebi, guardian of the forest (and star of the show) ). Celebi transports himself and a boy named Sam 40 years into the future, to this day, where Pokemon coach Ash, his loyal Pikachu, and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become quick friends as soon as they discover the other's mutual love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage Pokeball with screw thread is a wonderful moment). Together, they decided to protect Celebi from the villain of the story, the Team Rocket agent, pleasantly named Vicious, capturing half of Celebi for his own purpose. Will Ash and Sam Celebi protect against Vicious Dark Balls? Where does Suicune fit in the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have bigger parts in this movie than before? And just who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, if you go into the movie and decide that you will hate it automatically, it doesn't matter simply because it's Pokemon (or just because your child / cousin / cousin / younger brother or sister "dragged you in there", then you hate it because you decided you want to hate it. It could be, but blindly poking Pokemon The 4th Movie, just because it's a Pokémon movie, and especially without seeing it, is just stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without knowing every last detail of the Pokemon world. I'm not saying you will be a Pokémon fan because of this movie, but you can enjoy it if you let yourself go. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokémon movies, "Pokémon the 4th Movie" is distributed by Miramax, which I have heard, is also securing the rights on the 5th Pokémon movie, which released in Japan last summer. Miramax claims to have some boffo-aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but all I have seen so far is a poorly limited release, which does not include the usual Pikachu card in the beginning, what I really look forward to this time. I hope Miramax will be the only one to set up the Pikachu card, Pikachu's Exciting Hide-and-Seek, at least the DVD / VHS release, if not with a future wider version of Pokemon The 4th Movie. I hope the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining movie.
