The late 30's and early 40's was a golden era for adventure movies, which, with the increase in budgets during the economic recovery, applied the changes in display performance since the production code and the general carefree optimism of the times. While most of these rotting goats were over the wild, superhuman and often frankly misogynistic exploitation of heartbeats such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in his focus, scope and tone. <br /> <br /> Part of Gunga Din's secret is the division of labor into his writing team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most skilled and celebrated writers of Hollywood's golden age. The real screenplay, however, was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, whose lead role, especially Guiol, was in the comedy. What we get from these four is a well balanced and engaging plot, but also cleverly decorated with comic touch. Most of the adventure flares of this time were at least partially comedies, usually with one or two comic-relief supporting players, but they didn't use to laugh like Gunga Din did. Here, all the main characters are able to be jokes or originals. We see the terrifying threats of the bad guys suddenly diffusing, as the scene dissolves in a light sadness. The first main battle scene is an equally handy mix of action and gags, in the style of the silent swashbucklers of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., something that the Flynn and Power vehicles largely could not replicate. At the center of Gunga Din, the action has to take a break and there are many talky scenes for the plot. But the constant decline in the comedy? like the spiked punch routine? make this "slow" part portable. <br /> <br /> Product director George Stevens was of course when it came to such a thing, and he himself cut his teeth at the Hal Roach studios and almost exclusively comed to this point. It was his first full-on action feature, and he did an excellent job. In particular, its use of moving perspective shots makes the battle scenes extra exciting. He also brings something you rarely see in action photos of this era ?? a sense of true fear and fear. He sets it up with the sharp and aging mountains that dominate many of the shots and obscure the characters. The portrayal of the abandoned town and the Thuggee cult cries of "Kali!" is really haunting. This dimension of fear plays in all the other emotions that are at work here, causing us to worry about these beloved characters, and relieving the comedy of greater tension. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius is in the way the eponymous hero is introduced to the audience. We become visually aware of Din, as he is prominent in several scenes before any of the characters actually address or verbally refer to him. This gives us the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a notable character for us, and especially a sympathetic, as we see him venturing his life and giving water to dying men . <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are all for nothing without a capable role. Don't be afraid, because Gunga Din has a top notch! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideal for the material, as their best roles were found somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant in particular is at its best, mainly credible, but only occasionally infringes on the top-of-the-top cyber and chops what his brand was. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not quite the standard of his heavyweight companions, but he is not bad at all. And of course there is Sam Jaffe, cursed by his appearance to play these capricious oddballs forever, but who else can play with such dignity and humanity? I did not challenge the swashbuckling adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and indeed, many of their photos are absolute classic that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that even the best of the swashbucklers could never reach. It's not just that the male leader or the clichéd defiant damsel gets rid of. It succeeds successfully with the action genre with comedy and poignancy, in a way that did little before and before. And it's fantastic.
