I would like to give this movie a 10/10, but in its current state I can only go to 8/10 tops. The post-code editing (read: destruction) of this movie guarantees a 2-point demerit. <br /> <br /> From my limited knowledge of film history, Baby Face was apparently one of two movies that eventually broke the camel's chest back and in 1934 created the full wrath and maintenance of the Production Code. (I don't know what the other movie was.) As a result, the film was never released in 1934 in its original incarnation. It was chopped and edited, and no original version is known today. The best we can see today is the version that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but it is blatantly altered in various scenes and has a very disappointing "happy ending" that is slammed in the end. <br /> <br /> All of the above is said, the movie is still beautiful and it is very nice to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely wonderful and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she only owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men throughout her life, starting with her father who emits her to local Erie, PA steelworkers as well as local politicians in a quid pro quo of "if you didn't shut me up Speakeasy I will sleep with my daughter. When the father dies in a flame explosion near the start of the movie, the smile on Stanwyck's face is invaluable. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with her maid and heads to New York City. She settled her images on a skyscraper and literally started her way up. With the HR clerk in the HR department, she started with him to get an entry-level position at the bank. From there, she sleeps with a man after a man to man (including a very young John Wayne) using every new man to help her get a higher paying job on a higher floor of the skyscraper. Stanwyck does not stop at anything in her rise to the top. It is nice to see her and her girlfriend in increasingly finer clothes and flats when Stanwyck is on her way to corporate learning. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale, manipulate, silk-vixen in this movie! Watching this movie, I recommend stopping when you see the George Brent character (Courtland Trenholm) in Stanwyck's arms. Save the remaining 3 minutes or so! The 'happy ending' that is clicked at the end of the movie for the hearing of the postcodes insults the audience's intelligence and lame ability. The bank board members sit around a table at Mr. A wife. Trenholm's million dollar donation. the bank and how they happily live but poor in Erie, with former VD Trenholm, now working in the steel mills - cut exactly the same image of a steel factory we saw in the beginning of the movie - The End. PUH READ - HOW LAME! The film originally ended with George Brent who has succeeded in his suicide attempt. I think the end fits the overall mood of the movie much better than the end of the end of the code is closed. <br /> <br /> I definitely hope that a print of the original pre-code version of this movie will be discovered during me. lifetime (update: original was found and should be on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I will enjoy the TCM version and turn it off before the Lame-O Postcode ends.
