Director Alfred Green's "Baby Face" melodrama with Barbara Stanwyck is one of the more notorious of the Pre-Code films. These films were produced before the Production Code Administration had the power to maintain its rules in 1934. Inspiration Scenario Gene Markey and Midnight Mary Writer Kathryn Scola wrote the script based on Mark Canfield's story about the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charm to gain wealth and position in society. Acquire. Incidentally, Mark Canfield was a pseudonym for producer Daryl F. Zanuck. These Pre-Code movies look tame today, but they have generated a lot of controversy and contain more raw material than most movies until the late 1950s when the Code began to erase. The themes investigated by the filmmakers are women versus men, women versus women and women towards society. Lily's worthless father Nick Powers ("Robert Barret of" Distant Drums ") runs an illegal speakeasy bar during the Prohibition, when the Thirteen Amendment prohibited liquor, and hatched his own liquor in a quiet back. Nick is such a silly man that he picks up her beautiful but hard-working daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck from a night nurse), but Lily refuses to help her dad with a cunning local politician. The politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl of "Private Detective 62") vows to repay Lily's refusal to accommodate him. Later, Nick choked out his rebellious daughter. Lily blames him. "Yes, I'm a tramp and who should blame? My dad, a swelling starts you gave me, nothing but men, dirty, rotten men. And you're lower than any of them." Not soon did she rush when Nick died if she was still blowing up and killing him. Lily and her African-American girl Chico (Theresa Harris of "Arrowsmith") grab their bags and drive a ride from the first abandoned village. <br /> <br /> Not long ago our heroines arrived in New York when Lily used it. her charm to get a job in a bank. Visually, director Green Lily's sharp ascension shows on the ladder with camera angles moving upwards until Lily's sexuality destroys the bank. At one stage, Lily broke a marriage between one bank official, Ned Stevens (Donald Cook's "The Public Enemy") and his fiancé, Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade") after Stevens almost fired her to flirt with her boss, Brody (Douglas Dumbrille of "His Women") in the workers' toilet. Lily is exceptionally smart and can get better than before from every debacle. The board of trustees hires Courtland Trenholm (George Bent of "Jezebel") to take over as president of the bank. The first thing Trenholm does is pay Lily instead of publishing her diary entries about the higher action at the bank. In addition, Trenholm sends Lily down to their branch in Paris, where Lily does not create a riot until Trenholm arrives and they are romantically attached. Lily fights teeth and nails for everything she got and hates it all but throws everything away for her husband. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Lily turns back into the same town that she starts in, but Trenholm and she are now happy. "Baby Face" qualifies as one of the five best Pre-Code movies. Search John Wayne dressed in a suit and tie in one scene.
