The pre-release version of 1933's "Baby Face" would make an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentoring by a Nietschean professor, Lily Powers rises from a life of easy virtue to her father's speakeasy to a quick climb on the corporate ladder at a big bank. Because every doctrine of learning is an executive with his brain under his belt and his ethics locked in the safe, the film has no victims except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusive exploitative father. The devastating relationship with her father suggests Lily's hidden motive to use men to observe without their fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious, the men are willingly willing to betray their wives and fiancees to betray women for sexual favors. Perhaps the bank failures in the 1930s owed less to the economy than moral corrupt drivers derived from ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves fast, and the camera moves amusantly from window to window around the facade of the office building as Lily climbs higher. Barbara Stanwyck played in tough hard-bitten roles, and she is in the best shape here. Sentiment does not enter when she is ready to climb the next rung. Only her African American confidant, Chico, receives Lily's love, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would have the men the skins and penthouses with her. Stanwyck often appears excessively laid out and tightly cut compared to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's tough attitude, obvious tactics and artificial performance, she manages to leave a trail of muted and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook, and a young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of the "Baby Face" is the 76-minute restored track. The elaborate version of the film draws from the hard facts, which restores the longer cut and makes it clear. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under a supposed name, planned a lesson by quoting Nietszche, whose view of women was controversial. Despite Alphonse Ethier's lectures and advice not to be defeated by life, Lily grabbed for power and probably owed more to her education and to her father than to her professorship. However, the philosophy is just a distraction. Short, fast and entertaining, "Baby Face" is so unambiguous in its morale as "Wall Street." Representative Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily could have declared her leading philosophy as "greed is good."
