This one is considered a key Pre-Code movie ?? from the director who later made the musical biopics THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid scientific INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and features one of Barbara Stanwyck's best early roles. <br /> <br /> She is supported by a good role that includes popular actors and valued character performers of the day ?? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at a point that Stanwyck addresses with the titular nickname, derived from a popular song being heard continuously) in the former category and in the latter Robert Barrat like Stanwyck's father, Donald Cook (as her most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (like her older mentor, more on this later), Arthur Hohl (lecherous politician) and Henry Kolker (as Cook's boss and father-in-law, which also entices Stanwyck). Oddly, scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared came out of his own when the movie was in trouble with the sensors! <br /> <br /> Reduced by creaking ie typically hard-boiled dialogue and realistic Anton Cave sets, the story contains unexpected overtones of Nietzschean philosophy conducted by the intellectual Ethier to our tiny heroine (Stanwyck told him earlier that She is not a "fireball", which is, of course, in conflict with her later comedy by Howard Hawks and co-star Gary Cooper of that name! Among Ethier's auspices, she quickly blossoms into a material heartless character that finds nothing in her path to success; The symbolic representation of her rise in stature at the New York firm she eventually employs is reminiscent of a similar sardonic one? regarding an ambitious statesman's lust for power ?? in Sergei Eisenstein's October (1927)! Sociologically, it is also interesting that Stanwyck constantly stares at her black girl / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two thirds of the movie is simply awesome; Initially, I found the latter stages somewhat disappointing? because I expected to see Stanwyck get her opinion by falling for the late-launched George Brent character while ignoring her, but just like the others he is soon under her game! However, at the second show, this aspect felt less? as it is clear that Stanwyck was affected by the two deaths, her selfish behavior caused her and her possession in Paris made her soft (even if she tried to cling her hard-earned wealth for as long as possible). /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of their FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, is the film presented in two strikingly different changes? a recently upgraded Pre-Release version and the Tamer Theatrical Release edition. Among the significant footage of the latter is a dialogue on Stanwyck's life as a tramp from the age of 14 (although heard in the accompanying trailer!), While many other scenes have been shortened (ie censored for content): the violent fistik that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after resisting his progress; the seduction at the railway car the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Stanwyck by Cook; the shootings, followed by a suicide (only shots are heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck thinks of her conquests while the phonograph is playing (only Brent appears in the version released to theaters). The latter then uses alternative tasks for some scenes ?? and include an established lap of the city which is lacking in the longer version; However, we also get an obvious happy ending (the Pre-Release version is suddenly closed on a very effective letter) and an equally unconvincing cautionary letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, which basically has all references to replace Nietzsche!
