"Baby Face" is a pre-code melodrama with a very young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognizable George Brent, and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl going to the city to make good ... or I have to make time. Stanwyck's father, for some reason, hit her all her life in intoxicating, depressing, dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. After her father dies, one older father who knows what she's been through and really cares about her future, orders her to go to the big city and take advantage of opportunities there - not the easy one - and the high road to live. (Note that I see the censored version and not the unhealthy - this part of the movie was redesigned for censorship.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that the low road is much smoother. and will get her where she wants to go much faster. In the film's best-known scene, the camera moves us on the corporate ladder by taking us from floor to floor, as Lily goes to bed to the top. She eventually correlates the big man herself and can do her day work. Problems follow, and she is quickly involved in a major scandal. Stanwyck has a lot of makeup and most of the film is cool like a cucumber as she seduces one man to another without regret, and she is wonderful. to play the innocent victim. In one scene she sits on a king's ransom in jewels while wearing a black dress that looks like it is decorated with diamonds on top. Then she asks Chico for another case, and it's filled with more jewelry, plus securities. All in one day's work. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played or glamorous, and was also a talented singer and dancer. Here, hums are singing the film's theme, "St Louis Woman" throughout. She literally works dozens of movies and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck's, her best work in the precoded era. As a bizarre by-product of the code, blacks are often given less in movies after being put in place. <br /> <br /> Prekor films can be more sexually blatant and therefore they are 70+ years old. , looks more modern. Although these films should not have moral ends, Baby Face teaches her lessons - what does life look like? There were several ends of this movie, all with the same message. The one I saw had an extra scene, but apparently there were two other endpoints that did not pass the sensors. (There wasn't a code but there were always sensors.) Anyway, it's a neat surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in film history - a must see.
