I'm going to review the 2 movies as a whole, because I feel it's about to be considered and watched. When I talk about the movie, I talk about parts 1 and 2 when I look at one another, as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh & Benicio Del Toro <br /> This movie is a refreshing, bold, eager and true movie. And it makes listening to a new style of movie making. No Faux drama. No Swelling soundtrack. Not Faux Documentary Style. Just clean shots and an effort to keep up with the facts. I read Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" and recently completed Fidel's Auto Biography, which helped me pull this movie in well. But I have to say it is Jon Anderson's exhausting, penultimate and wonderful biography that gave this movie the right historical backbone. Anderson was a consultant on this movie (or these 2 movies). What makes this movie a real thing is that it's clean. No swelling music or slow motion photography to increase drama, and more importantly; no fake documentary shaky camera. Just square shots and straight forward shooting style. The type of camera used makes you feel there in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro must get full tribute for this. I never doubted him as Che in the movie ... not once. He did a wonderful job and will respect him forever. Some people complain that the film covers only 2 cuts of his life and not the whole. But I think this is one of the real beautiful aspects of this movie: it doesn't try to be everything. It doesn't try to 'tell the story'. A person's life is too much to try to tell in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauty of this movie, it resists the temptation and remains focused on the goal of leaving us a sense of CHE, its development of militaristic minus and the violence around it. It focuses on 3 slices of time: The Battle to Throw Batista, Che's US Speech and Gorilla Preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle diaries" have already told his young man side, and I salute S. Soderbergh to rather focus on other aspects. I keep referring to Jon Anderson's book and the movie remains true. The only bad link for me is the decisive (not the show) of Matt Damon. In a movie so loaded with live shows, an American (Matt Damon) who is playing a Bolivian player is a lot of stuff - he does well, but after so much care in the casting it was an over-spot . Small and completely forgiving. The reality that the rest of the casting gives, and especially Benicio Del Toro's wonderful work, puts the film at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this movie went almost straight to the video is about how the Cold War ethics that will never allow the 'revolutionary Cuba' to become what it has, are still still working, and it stops. If it is not from clandestine muffling, then from the consequences of proper propaganda that has affected this topic. <br /> <br /> This is a movie to watch, and Jon Anderson's Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life "should read if you begin to understand the early impact on global intelligence on expanding international / political financial chess movements of the 40s, 50s and 60s that put unfair pressure on our South American neighbors, and promote the impact.
