Perhaps the most brilliant thing about Che: Part Two, as we begin to integrate it with Part 1 in our minds, is that there is no explanation why Che decided to leave self-confidence after Cuba's revolution, no question of his experience. in Congo, no explanation of why he chose Bolivia as his subsequent coup d'état, no reference to the political decisions he made as a young man in South America motorcycling, which Walter Salles gave prominent fame has. Extraordinary focus is given to Che who meets the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. Yet little effort is being made to postpone them as individuals, to establish related relationships. He is pretty unreasonable. Che drives an unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind. But there is no sense that he is very concerned about his men. This is the concept. <br /> <br /> In Part 1, in Cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the people of the villages, given food and cover, supported in growing to be a victory. Here, in Bolivia, not much understanding is clear. Villagers exposes him. They protect government forces, not their own. When set out on the side of government's medical system, his audience seems unimportant. You can't lead a people into revolution if they don't want to comply. Soderbergh shows US military advisers working with the Bolivians, but does not make the United States guilty of Che's collapse. Che apparently misled his struggle and the place where he wanted it. <br /> <br /> In the vividness of both wars, Soderbergh does not build his fighting scenes as actions with specific results. Che's men are attacked and attacked. They exchange fire with passing attackers. There is generally a cut for the group in the aftermath of the battle, and the death rate has not been put to an end. It's not a war movie. It's about one man's reasonably unreasonable drive to endure. There is no extensive cinematography. Soderbergh looks firmly at Che's inflexible commitment. There are remarkable sporadic visceral shots, but few are getting stronger, as Che's POV shot at his last beat. There is a plethora of terrain, where these men live for weeks at a time, and the overall effect is confusing, Guevara itself has malaria part of the time. <br /> <br /> One of the film's producers, Benicio Del Toro, gives a champion's performance, especially as it is modest. He is not portrayed as the forefront of most epic heroes. In Cuba he is conquered, in Bolivia, he falls backwards, and sometimes it is hard to distinguish behind a beard of beard and hair. Del Toro does not illustrate as much an identity as an attitude. You may think the movie is too long. I think there is a real reason for its breadth. Guevara's affairs in Cuba, and especially Bolivia, were not a series of episodes and sketches, but a commitment to remain virtually impossible. In the end, Che as a whole or in part is a commercial balls film, the director of which begins to understand and progressively understand the concepts involved in biographical biography within those meanings.
