Part II or earlier known as GUERILLA is also a great achievement, but not quite as entertaining as PART I, because that's where we started to see what caused the fall and death of Che Guevara. Again, I am impressed with the cause-and-effect that both parts have in their related stories. We are repeatedly reminded that the main character, Che Guevara, is an Argentine. Some of the men in Fidel's army chose not to take a stranger's orders and now that Che has chosen to leave the consolation of victory to continue the revolutionary in Bolivia, he doesn't get much respect for his new army and natives, just because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> In technical terms, I think Part II would have been more helpful than before just after showing the map many highlights of the previous installment just to refresh the memory of its characters and what it itself in progress, to make the audience understand why its methods were successful in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. It is now clear in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia he is busy with a lot of soldiers whose hearts are not quite in it. It is said to be the ingredient for revolutionary love. Well, they don't give so much to their country so it's a tough sale. It is extremely painful and difficult for Che to get the others into his vision. <br /> <br /> I like one particular scene that illustrates Che's decline, a scene in which his horse won't go, how bad Che is trying to lead it, and then his temper made him better and for For a moment there, he forgets he is a doctor and he becomes this desperate soldier crossing his own horse. His army is like a horse that doesn't want to be led. But at the same time the movie leaves, it relies on little cameos from familiar faces that you will only recognize for the sake of short entertainment and for the most part you are clashed to one another to the left and right through one obstacle, but perhaps that is the intention of Part II, if so. then it definitely works. Stand ovation in the cinematography which gives us a first person see at the moment of Che's last breath. This movie cannot answer the questions why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined that he could turn it off, even if the opportunity was against him and why he wanted deeply that South America should have the same fate as Cuba. but the movie CHE is a story worth telling
