It surprises me that I really have the courage to watch the movie or movie "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? For if my Cuban exile ever found parents I saw this movie about this despicable massacre of the Cuban revolution, I would be based on life. Hey wait? I'm an adult, they can't mask me. Director Steven Soderbergh, and newbie commie (sorry Steven, but I had to take Soder shots here) split the film into two parties on Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara's revolutionary life. "Che: Part 1" shows how Che joined Fidel Castro's guerrilla crew in the mid-1950s in their revolutionary quest to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio's Batista regime. which, as we all know, was a revolutionary success for them, but a gigantic guerrilla disaster for many Cubans as it revolted in Communism. Che: Part 2 offers Che to revolutionize the T-Shirt industry by placing T-Shirts with its terrible bearbado face to T-Shirt manufacturers. OK, I'm talking a lot of cock in your direction! I intended to say the Che-part 2 focuses on Che in the late 60's to bring the revolution back, this time to a poverty-stricken Bolivia, but with many different results. In fact, Che eventually became dead meat enchelada. when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the inter-time of those two cases in Che's life, when he ordered the contemptuous La Cabana fortress in Cuba, killing many Cuban people who opposed Communism. That's where I think Soderbergh has done a cinematic injustice by not showing viewers how horrible Guevara really was. I decided to see Che hoping that Soderbergh would not glamorize him, but instead of how disturbed he was. Unfortunately, Soderbergh did not do the latter and unfortunately decided to offer Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he was not. He was a sick man who thanked God, probably at the bottom of the devil's vessel. Now I have to be objectively. viewer and must admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was highly recommended and earned earnings. And that, in his meticulous performance, Demian Bichir was a ghostly killer like Fidel Castro. But the rest of Che's cast was mainly from mediocre performances by actors depicting Guerilla soldiers. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw himself into the revolutionary mix in a Spanish-speaking cameo show depicting a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh does not have to offer this biopsy, which is usually "too much talk and not enough action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We've had too much of Che already, even posthumously with those ridiculous t-shirts, so why are we giving us too much more? But I think if you have the Del Toro through the horns (as you did here Steven), I think it's your saving grace because you didn't complete "Che: Parts 1 & 2" completely. *** Average
