I watched Guerrilla, part two of Steven Soderbergh's biopics of Che Guevara, without seeing the previous film and beyond a smooth knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was rather worried that it would be both a heavy history lesson and an unconscious love letter for the iconic revolutionary. It seems that this film far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla works remarkably well as a single movie. The story of Che's failed attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia is then under military rule, a compelling tragedy. The initial impulse of Che's arrival incognito to lead the guerrilla war is lost, because accident follows accident. The chance bumped against the revolutionary. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious locals and Che's lack of health are just some of the problems the emerging uprising is experiencing. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's depiction of Che is largely uncritical, but this film is not a hagiography. The style is refreshingly dramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias that adds silent plays to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the centerpiece of the film, but there are very few close-ups on his face and we are encouraged to see that the people next to him and sometimes also fight him. Where Soderbergh Che wants to demonstrate his virtues, we see it in small episodes such as the loyal acolytes who gain two fellow guerrillas if they question Che's leadership. He emphasized the sacrifice he had made to leave Cuba to fight for revolution again. <Br /> <br /> The direction throughout is wonderful. Part two feels strictly adjusted despite its close focus and can communicate a lot through images without the need for a narrator to spell things out for the audience. At the beginning of the film, we see a few brief excerpts from cute parties in post-revolutionary Cuba, and immediately give us ideas on why Che would sacrifice his old life to fight in another country again. Later, the depiction of guerrillas acting through the eternal rainforest appears as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps create a sense of the enormous task ahead of this tiny revolutionary band. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the movie it is the distance between the viewer and Che, which allows us to appreciate the context of the rebellion and the people around him, making it difficult for us to Understand better than a person. True, Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in the lead? so much that it's hard to remember watching an actor and not the man himself. However, watching Guerrilla as a stand-alone movie means giving us valuable insight into what Che's thoughts, words and actions are. It is hoped that this is more in the first part of Soderbergh's biopic phenomenon (I can't comment yet), and definitely the power of part two makes me prosperous to see the prequel.
