Last night I sat down by both parts of Che, back with a short bathroom break, and I can't remember when 4 hours had passed. I only had to psyche for a week because I have a real thing about directors, producers and editors who are still blown over, about long quasi-epic before us and I generally think it's 2 to 2.5 hours over right for a movie. So it seems that 4 hours stretch the limits of my tolerance and I was very doubtful about the whole business. But I will say beforehand that this is a beautiful ?? I can say lovingly ?? made movie and I'm really glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh is congratulated for the clarity of his vision. The battle scenes sing as if you were killing the dots themselves. <br /> <br /> If there is someone on the planet who doesn't know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro to overthrow Fulgencio. Batista via the Cuban Revolution of 1959. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che's image was everywhere; on bedroom wall posters, on T-shirts, on magazine covers. Che's image must be one of the most overused ever. If the famous images were to be relied upon, Che was a very good guy, the hallmark of revolutionary romance. If he was ugly, should I wonder if he'd ever been so popular in public imagination? Of course, young help dies. <br /> <br /> Movies were made about Che (especially the 2004 excellent Motorbike diaries that made the unbearably cute Gael Garcia Bernal as young Che, who tour South America and see endemic poverty, formed Marxist politics) I don't think anyone has tackled the whole story from start to finish. These two parties are an ambitious project. I hope it pays for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that immediate commercial success may not be the highest in his mind. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows Che meets Castro in Mexico and follows their journey to Cuba to launch the revolution and then travel to New York in 1964 to address the UN. Sharp shot black and white images look like contemporary film, but not. The second film (Guerilla) comes back in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second movie takes place almost entirely in the bush. As far as I can see, it's mostly shot in Spain, but I still believe it had to be pretty tough to film. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a part he seems to be born to play. Personally, I felt that the Argentine (ie part one) was much easier to watch and more "entertaining" in the strict movie because it is optimistic. They win; the revolution will succeed. Che is in his element leading a diverse group of farmers, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to watch because of the inevitability of his defeat. Just as the recent Valkyrie - while being a good movie - was an exercise to experience heroic failure, I felt the same about part two of Che (Guerilla). We know from the beginning that he is dying, we know he has failed. It is frustrating because the way the story is told, it is clear that the revolution of Bolivia is doomed; Che is considered a strange intruder and fails to link with the indigenous peoples as he did with the Cubans. He stays persistently what is frustrating to watch, because I felt he had to know when he gave up and to others, perhaps more successful businesses. The film doesn't romanticize him too much. He kills people, he feeds on, he struggles with his asthma and follows a lost cause long after giving up and touching. He leaves a woman alone to bring five fatherless children. <br /> <br /> But overall, an excellent exercise in classic movie entertainment. A note; As I watched the American trained Bolivian soldiers move one in a mass to take Che and his small group of warriors, it reminded me of the final for Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said so, but reluctantly and thought he would find such thoughts in the end. When we left the theater he went to me and said, "Didn't you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ???????????!"
