Many reviews I have read show that most people tend to find part one better than part two. I feel exactly the opposite. Part one played a bit to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality through various types of movie supplies, different locations, and to cut back and forth between an interview and the Cuban revolution. For the most part, it was finely structured, but somewhat distracting. In part two, Che comes in Bolivia, and along with the changing geographical location, the rules and structure change. Gone are the spatial leaps and ranges between inventory, the "documentary realism" and the trades. Instead, we are literally trapped with Che in a saturated, depopulated landscape where the only existing people are overcharged for anything other than survival to be an option. I suggest this is the dark turn of Che's life, that's the reason why most people share one part two prefer. <br /> <br /> The change in geographical location also means at least that Che: Part One and Che: Part Two are in fact the second two acts of a three-action structure started by Motorcycle Diaries. Motorcycle diaries are Che's coming-of-age (or more appropriate, ideal) in Argentina, Che: Part one is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: Part two is his downfall in Bolivia. These movies do not fully illustrate his life (we miss his experiences in Guatemala and, more importantly, in my opinion, his post-Cuban revolution executions), but they are very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and nature as global symbol. He symbolizes both the idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression, and revolutionary failures in the Third World after World War II and their impediment to such activities as the CIA's interference. <br /> <br /> But, again, this is being projected on the screen here, not by long screens of dialogue and speeches, but by a much more intimate, lauding depiction of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is difficult to say if there was any chance of success. The number of times the camera shows that people are literally trapped between a rock and a hard place and the unsaturated, shaky, long takes, brings the audience into the story of people trapped in a hostile landscape, a existential hell, where the revolutionary beliefs ultimately ultimately take second to the desperation of eagerly hungry people. Watching a movie just isn't that easy, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
