Due to the fact that the story is left in part one, the second half is indicative of the inevitable downfall and much more grim side of the man's legacy. In direct contrast to the first feature, part two represents a shift from Che to the pride and glory of a revolution country, to Che, who is struggling to release a country to which he has no previous ties. Changing the setting is not only aesthetic; From the autumn and spring grasses of the bushes a change of tone and heart comes to the mark, replacing the optimism of the predecessor with a cynical, hardened and bruised reality that is in line with a new struggle. Still, as Che would go to say himself? Such a fight is the best that is said exactly as a battle. While Part One has definitely helped to describe the original power generation that the revolutionary guerrillas have just acquired, Part Two takes a much more refined, rosy and dark segment of Che's life and ambition and gives it an assertive portrayal that both attractive and tragic. in a tangible, easy way to understand. <br /> <br /> While the scene of the film is in some ways disgusted and differs from Part One quite drastically, there remains the same documented approach taken a month ago, avoiding melodrama and manufacturing as much as possible . This somewhat distant, cold approach to telling Che's story and struggle will undoubtedly turn some viewers off; Indeed, I still remain reserved for the function itself to be named after one man. Taking anything, the whole of Che as a whole, produces a story that goes beyond mere biography and puts a man's struggle alongside Those who helped brought him on the road. Soderbergh does not attempt to paint a humanistic portrait, as Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a year ago (excuses the ironic contrast); Che is a slow, reserved and meditative approach to telling a history lesson just told by one man who probably did the whole thing. <br /> <br /> But moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and falling back to the dark, dilapidated background of Bolivia for Part Two, the story inevitably takes on a clear contrasting tone that does not deviate from its predecessor but it gives enough to give its own reference points. Here is the basic structure of Part one coming back? There is the initial battle, the battles, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those who replace them, even though we see a few glimpses of the man behind the move. However, as someone with the faintest idea of ​​the real history behind the feature will know, Part Two is planning to end on a much more intriguing and disturbing note. This difference, combined with the similarities with Part One, makes a compelling and memorable whole; In any case, both can be consumed in their own way (and so on to Soderbergh for achieving it) and enjoy as it is, but if one statement is made, Che delivers exactly what it constitutes. <br /> <br /> Indeed, all that Part One made the surprise of being one month earlier, is still evident from the subtle but impressive performances of the central role to the slow building, realistically structured fights. The drama inherent in the characters on the screen is just as vague and inexplicable, but with a feature like this, Part 2 again proves that avoiding such elements does not necessarily hurt a movie if there is enough plot and reflection on other elements. to keep the viewer engaged. In fact, at the time of writing this review, I was in violation of whether I wanted to add a paragraph or two to my initial review for Part One and consider the review as a whole, but I felt that it would only serve to disillusion those who may sit to watch both movies sequentially. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I cannot legitimately decide whether Che decides to involve an audience for its vast four-hour plus runtime, but at least when I read both segments I can testify to each part's ability to do just that. With a reflective, intricate screenplay combined with endless hypnotic photography and nuanced performances that make the movie's characters right without paying attention to themselves, Che Part Two is as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic one. cancellation, reaffirming conclusion suitable for movie history pages. <br /> <br /> - An Overview by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
