Part two counts ... not where the last movie left. As part of the quasi-convention of Steven Soderbergh's epic 4+ hour event, Che's two stories are told as classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenarios. In part two, Che Guevara, she leaves as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after a failed attempt in the Congo (just passing the film) goes to Bolivia to try another to start the jungle style revolution. Things are not going to be well planned, certainly because of Che's then notorious stature as a communist and revolutionary, and partly because of America's involvement on the side of the Bolivian government and, of course, that Castro is not "I'm really" a backup for Che. <br /> <br /> As it goes, the second part of Che is more sad, but in some ways wiser than the first part. It makes sense, since Guevara must endure low men's morale, betrayal of those around him, constant mistakes by grunts and nearby farmers, and ultimately the surrounding, greater military force. But what is still sad is that Guevara, whatever, will not. One can see it as an incredible force or a fatal error - perhaps both - but it is also clear how you start to see Che, if it's not quite complete. rounded off, then as something of a more sympathetic character. True, he killed and performed and felt fair. And yet it starts working on the viewer in the sense of a primary level of pity; The sequence where Guevara's health worsens without medicine, leading to the shocking stalk of a horse, is the most memorable and satisfying of any film this year. <br /> <br /> Again, Soderbergh's mission of narration is strong, if sometimes slow (understandable because of the big run), and one or two scenes just feel completely strange (Matt Damon?), but that is minor liabilities. This time for the direct color camera approach, it's almost like a pure military style war picture, telling with great care to the men in the group, as well as Guevara as Lord over this group, and how things disappear the final scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, every rhythm the man knows so well - for better and worse - that he comes as close as possible to execution. In general, the two parts of Che make an impressive package: history as a drama in compelling style, good for an audience, even if they don't know Che or better if they don't think high of him. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
