Ironically, the most talked-about American movie in the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The extra-long film's controversy started at the Cannes Festival. There were love hate announcements, and considerable doubts about commercial prospects. As consolation, star, Benicio Del Toro, got the best actor prize there. Of course I speak to Steven Soderbergh's "Che." This is the name in which this version goes, which is shown in Cannes in two 2-hour plus segments in New York, without opening title or end credits. 'Che' is definitely appropriate as Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive and depends reliably on thick and thin, days of glorious victory in part one to months of humiliating defeat in part two, attractive and sympathetic in all its varied manifestations, even disguised as a bare gray man to be in Bolivia sneak. This is a tremendous achievement; One wants it to have a better environment. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for four hours, at intervals between the two divisions, there are rewards. Fortunately, Soderbergh has decided to film in Spanish (although some of the actors, strangely in the English segments, especially wood) are happy. You get a good outline of what guerrilla warfare, Che-style, was like: teaching, recruiting camposinos, morality, discipline, hardship and battles - as well as Che's gradual morphing from company doctor to advanced military leader. Using a new 9-pound 35mm quality RED "digital high performance cine camera" that has just become available in time for the filming, DP Peter Andrews and his crew have put on slightly cold but sometimes singing images, and is always sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film is in two parts. Soderbergh calls them two "films", and the plan is to release them as such. The first is 'the Argentine', depicting Che's leadership in the jungle and village combat that led to the fall of Havana in the late 50s, and the second is 'Guerrilla'. It's about Che's failed attempt to make a revolution nearly a decade later in Bolivia, a fruitful mission that led to Guevara's capture and execution in 1967. The second part was the original film and was first written and I think first shot. Producer Laura Bickford says part two is more of an excitement while sharing one more is an action movie with great battle scenes. Yes, but both parts have a lot in common - too much - since both spend a great deal of their time through the guerrilla through a rough land. Guerrilla's tireless downer since the Bolivian uprising was doomed from the beginning. The group of Cubans trying to lead it did not receive a friendly reception from the Bolivian camp zone, which foreigners suspected and thought of the Cuban communists as wicked rapists. There is a third, a kind of festive black and white interval consisting of Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviewing him at that time, but it is between the slices in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is much more optimistic, leading to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959 that led to the fall of Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During 'Guerilla' I thought how it could really work as a quality European-style mini-style. This may start with a shorter version of Walter Salles' motorcycle diaries and we will start Guevara's fatal encounter with Fidel in Mexico and in the 26th July Movement. There can be much more about his extensive journeys and diplomatic missions. It is far from a complete picture of the man, his childhood interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote; even his international fame is only touched. And what about his hard, cruel side? Really what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but revolution, and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that the 4+ hour leave is to strike through forest and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and idealistic dedication to the end of the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned Terrence Malick's 'The Tin Red Line', and yes, the winding episodic battle approach is similar; but "The Thin Red Line" has stronger characters (almost no one comes vigorously alongside Che), and it's a very good movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and uncomfortable effort. This 8-year gestation, heavily investigated labor of love (how much more Ocean's should pay for it?) Is a vanity project, too long for a regular release and too short for a miniseries. Radical editing - or major expansion - would have made it something more successful, and as it is, it is a long battle, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> Obviously, this slogging could be cut off, although it's not as clear what form the movie would have taken - but with some luck it might be a good thing.
