Neat about everything from the coup in Cuba after his shelter in Bolivia, part two of Soderbergh's portrayal of Che Guevara is that of the tragic hero. Like Che? Part 1, this rather rattling guerrilla warfare escaping through the colorful mountains of Bolivia, is likely to disappoint more people than it will satisfy. So why was the film (and especially Benicio Del Toro's performance) praised so hard in Cannes? <br /> <br /> For example, James Rocchi mentioned it, a work of art not just a revolutionary story, but a revolution in and of itself. The guardian's Peter Bradshaw calls it a "defective masterpiece." I return to my original statement for Part One ?? that value lies especially in portraying a hero figure. And in an era when there is an overwhelming movie of poor ones, can it not be a good idea to see a strong honorable one, even if he has stripped of some of the less intense episodes of his life? It is the psychic hero captured by the great Scottish essayist Thomas Carlyle in his book Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But we really need to inspire higher goals, a higher goal. Compare it to the unrealistic "heroes" of the standard Western storytelling: where a person undergoes tasting and tribulation before getting a scarcely promising reward? usually eternal love or material wealth ?? as if through divine studio intervention. Real heroes have excess moral courage? not lost Ark daring devil or James Bond super-toys. They stand up and empower others to stand up to be the best they can be. In Part One Pass Che. In Part Two, he failed. It is not for moral courage, but since a) cannot succeed in all good plans, and b) one is, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Guevara's intellectual clarity is flawed when he compares conditions that justify armed struggle with conditions that allow the armed struggle to succeed. This is a serious error estimate. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz the colors are breathtaking. There is an air of mise-and-scene authenticity that is sometimes lacking in Che-Part One. SU will not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba.) Visual delights are enhanced by the maximum light and extreme flexibility and realism offered by groundbreaking red cameras. It is a high performance digital cine camera with the quality of 35mm film and the ease of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs just £ 9. "Shooting with RED is like hearing the Beatles for the first time," said Soderbergh. "RED sees how I see ... so organic, so beautifully tuned to the most natural of phenomena? Light." If Che had stopped with the successful Cuban revolution, he would have relieved him with an almost mystical incompatibility. The fact that he fails in Bolivia does not only show that he has human limitations, but that it is his moral virtues that are remembered, not the political triumph. Critics will say ?? and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to reach tin-pot dictatorships. His development of guerrilla fighting techniques is not good or bad in itself (and both are used for both). <br /> <br /> But for all its praise, the film often looks dramatic and narrative. We stumble from one escapade to another, knowing that he will eventually meet his death. I looked at my watch and thought it could have been shorter. But the work that went on? interviewing people from all sides and even one of Guevara's ex-comrades to lead actors in the moments of Bolivian operations? make the movie a laudable achievement. It may not be the best flight entertainment, but it shows integrity to document a significant portion of history. <br /> <br /> There's also a very important point in the Che-hero figure here. It's about failure. That if you try your utmost, even if you fail, your effort will not be in vain, because it can give others hope and moral courage. One can call it cynically a martyr's complex, and it is of course also found in many religious figures. But Che doesn't give himself. He does what he does best, to the best of his non-considerate ability, and thus offers an example. Success or failure in any particular case becomes merely details. <br /> <br /> With the US prolonged and illegal blockade of Cuba (all in the name of "freedom"), I'm tempted to write those Che Parts 1. & 2 is too good to be wasted on the US. But it would be inviting a statement that the movie looked so serious to avoid. One has to hope that many viewers will have the ability to see Che without politics and the bias that necessarily causes. Whatever his flaws, Soderbergh rehabilitates the Oceans populist nonsense 11. <br /> <br /> But if you haven't heard of Che Guevara or seen one, or if you're not the term "murderous Marxist "Without foaming on the mouth, I can struggle to think what you will get from this movie. The same can be said for many who have and can.
