Now, admittedly, I'm not an ardent student of the genre. In fact, I always tend to wander away from the West because, despite all their critical cocktails as America's overshoots (or whatever), apparently I swapped for tiring retreads of either "the Injuns," " the big firearm, "or" Hey, let's form a post! "In other words, it was always a genre so rooted and tied to convention that it left a precious little room for surprise or originality has. (And yes, I saw at least some of the so-called "greats", and they couldn't possibly include this negative review - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine, and of course the infamous [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone Teams in the 60s.) <br /> <br /> But when I watched this movie on TV - as part of a Jimmy Stewart commemorative weekend at his death - I finally got it: I have at least in theory, which offers Western mythos as a serious thematic prediction (apart from just action and excitement). This is the pressure between lawlessness and order; The American West represents freedom, but also the prospect of the wild, the untamed. Respectful people can get hurt. It means, of course, that it may be - perhaps perhaps - not meant for respectful people, and that the only inhabitants should be the amoral and the prudent, those who have issued rigorous righteousness in the course of their revolvers and where kill or be killed, will ever be the law of the land. Of course, in such an environment, the true heroes are those who are frightening and bold enough to be there first (and so society at least rejects it in the Eastern Cape), yet it has enough sense for justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is just not right. Capture and investigate the differences between law and disorder IN THE HEAVEN CHAPTER I believe (after seeing this movie) the highest and true goal of any Western. Unfortunately, this is not so often the case, as the white hats are completely white, the blacks are completely black (and let's not even talk about the Indians) and there are precious little shades of gray in between. /> <br /> Not in this one. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant fortune hunter who follows the trail of miners in front of him in the Alaskan wilderness to predict gold. He is joined by his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the Western cliché character to end them all - but still nice here as always) and no one else. At this point they stand out for themselves, and while Stewart shows his patented charm (come on, we can never really keep the man, now we can?), We have little doubt that she basically is a self-centered self-interested Character: None of his "Gosh" or "Oh golly give" humanism may pass. Or rather, get it at the end of the picture, as described above. He has to confront the lawlessness in himself and weighs it on the need for order and justice which is so lacking in the border town, which serves as the starting point of the miners on their gold dust track. This town is being strictly followed by its evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad guys" I've ever seen. He comes with so much charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting report with Stewart that it actually takes a while to admit that he is the bad man. When it finally sinks, do it with double force. Furthermore, by establishing a kind of lazy (as essential guarded) camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart, the film plays the notion of how close the temperament they really are - and so far a moral distance Stewart has at the end of the film runs. <br /> <br /> I won't turn around all the twists - see it for yourself (as well as the rugged and beautiful Alaskan scenery - filmed on the spot, don't you think cheaply painted stills made the studio has). What is important here is how big this story focuses on character, with great dialogue and character interaction that replaces most of the time for gunplay - although the movie has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from ever being static (read: " Talky "). Definitely one of Stewart's greatest shows, showing that he can play the apostate, the man's husband, as convincingly as the decent and upright man next door. Due to the fact that his "allman" qualities make his strength stronger, he seems to be less miniscule or superfluous - like Eastwood or John Wayne - and more a three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan was well-played: underestimated, but still (with a vague suggestion of George and Lenny of "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different kind of "western"). <br /> <br /> I certainly have more Western to see, but now it's my favorite and the benchmark that I will necessarily judge all others. It is much better known and appreciated than it is.
