Some of the filmmakers we brought to the March from Penguins, I think have come with many expectations for The Fox and the Child. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the lush wilderness of France, the story is now part of documentary and sharing fairy tales that tell of the friendship between the two titular characters, Renard the Fox and his friendship with the child who baptized it, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> The story is frankly simple, and at times this movie would look like the many Japanese movies that make kids-diverse animals a friendship to developing trust and how they go to hang each other , which deals with respective opponents and holders. Here, the child meets the elegant fox near her home in the mountains, which makes for many beautiful picture cards perfect shots that a movie maker should go into captivity. <br /> <br /> But while we're welcoming into capricious scenery, the characters don't get the level of confidence from the start, and we have to wait a few seasons in the past and 45 minutes in the movie before they get a get levels in food. The child constantly tries to tie a band with the purpose of tame the creature for her own entertainment, but of course the fox, though, as well as other ideas. While I thought the story was pretty poor, unlike March of the Penguins that interpreted that human story of what is on the screen, the excellent here was the documentary elements of the movie, which were the life and times of the fox. a predator, and a prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two were given more tension and drama to the latter, especially if it had to do with traditional enemies like wolves, and was awarded, the rich were quite intense, especially when the child used it . Otherwise, it was easy to sail and quite a drill because the two of them play with each other, in shots you know, have undergone some movie viewing. There were surprisingly dark moments in the movie that were not really suitable for children, like those in the same hall that confirmed it by suddenly blowing their eyes out. Parents, you might want to notice and don't let your toddler disturb the story. the rest of the filmmakers. <br /> <br /> As a movie I chose to be a complete documentary ala The March of Penguins, but I think the way it was furious, probably has the purpose of warning us not to do not mix nature and that some things are not meant to be, and should remain as such. Good film that leans on the strength of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and the multiple foxes Renard played.
