THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by MARCH OF THE PENGUINS filmmaker French Luc Jacquet. The film, which boasts only one person in his role, young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of the rather rare but seemingly credible relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Partial documentary and party story, focuses the film on L'Infant, the child one day on the road to school, across the path of a wild fox in a picturesque environment, possibly France although the exact location was never mentioned. Over the coming weeks, the child will return to the place where she has found her fox, hoping that one of the days she will see says fox, whom she starts calling Lily again. And so it goes on. Days turn to weeks, and then the summer disappears, turns to fall and then winter, depicting beautiful cinematography over the cute, white winter landscape. Eventually spring comes back, and the young child finds her foxes and indeed makes a friendship with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little or no expectation for the fuck and the child. I saw MACHINE OF THE PENGUINS and was just in awe of the movies contained in that movie. Luc Jacquet is a very talented, and indeed scarce, filmmaker, and I expected a stunning, breathtaking cinematography, with views and brilliant wildlife footage. It was delivered in spades. But here Jacquet knew a screen credit credit, and nothing of the movie before the show. I expected something different from what was previously seen in March. A fiction story. <br /> <br /> The child and fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in the middle of nowhere in a home and walks every day to school, seemingly in itself, seemingly without caring in the seemingly perfect world. Without the hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So she makes a friendship with a fox. <br /> <br /> With a movie like this you have to dismiss your own opinion of the movie and put it in the shoes of the target audience. This is a film aimed directly at children from the age of six. Or for families who want a trip to the cinema with their race one wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who gets his kicks from movies like the recent, brilliant WANTED and so on. But I, the latest London critic, put myself in the shoes of an excited eight-year-old girl for the 95 or so minutes of THE FOX AND THE CHILD. Now, I have some problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy, and loyal lover of all films, I loved the wildlife and landscape photography. This is astonishing visually. The direction of the animal characters is done brilliantly - as well as you will find on any of Attenborough's efforts. As an impressive, brief attention eight years old, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. It is a bit repetitive and in places it is shocking and bloody and scary for a younger child, especially the slightly dark end. As a 31-year-old man - I was a little scared in places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So, it's not a kid's movie. It's not really an adult movie and I've dropped a bit. It's a good family movie. Hang. It may be educational, and the film carries a message. It is definitely not a movie that I will pay for the hard-earned green to watch and I break my brain to recommend it to some kind of filmmaker. It's difficult, but I know some will see and fall in love with this movie. It's very European in the sense and sure if you're a fan of wildlife, try it. Unsure? Well, I'm waiting for the DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
