I really wanted this movie and I don't think I was very disappointed. As an American History teacher, I had a duty to see this movie almost and as far as history went, it wasn't bad. Certainly there were some flaws here and there (especially with the timeline - the movie just seems to be a few months or maybe a year - not more than six years of real fighting), but the overall spirit of the movie and the battle rows were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a pretty meaningless subplot that includes a difficult romance between a poor patriot and a rich loyalist. For the most part, it really served to derive the overall plot and just looked like a plot device rather than a true honest-to-goodness romance. In fact, so much of the romance that boiled on the stupid cliché of "love against fist-face" was kind of annoying the more I think about it. <br /> <br /> But despite this romance, the movie is really interesting and inspiring --- plus, in so many ways it looks like the much later movie, THE PATRIOT, has been copied from this Griffith movie !! ! Both films follow the exploitation of an evil leader fighting for the British and using terrible and evil tactics against the citizens - and both have the secret intention of using it as a "springboard" to their own nation in America. begin !!! The only big difference is that this film was set in the North and THE PATRIOT was in the Carolinas. It would have been nice if Mel Gibson and the rest acknowledged their debt to D. W. Griffith for story ideas. It just doesn't seem as likely that the two stories were created independently. <br /> <br /> PS - Despite my likes of this movie and other Griffith's movies, he once again "burns in hell" because his White actors portrayed all the black servants in the movie! It's a sick and outrageous thing Griffith has done in so many of his films - especially in the NATION's BIRTH. I must go out of it and the way he portrays Blacks that he was A-OK with slavery and was the excuse for this "beautiful setting" (don't get angry with me - it is called sarcasm).
