In 1930, Europe got quite a shock when Luis Bunuel's 'L'Age Dor' was released, causing a riot in Paris when it looked there. As a result, it has been banned for about forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe got the shock, it was switched on again with 'Ekstase', a symphony (kind) to love. The film has moved a young, unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who would later change her name to Hedy Lamarr, to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, like Eva, a young bride who has just married a cold loveless man (played by Emil Jerman), only to discover that she has made a big mistake. One divorce later, Eva is footless and fancy free and one day out, skinny dip into a lake, when she discovers Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who really fancy her (and she, him ). After a wild night of passion, Eva's ex-husband comes up again and hopes to win Eva back, just to find he now has a rival. I won't spoil what happens. Czech director Gustav Machaty (who directs the original screen version of 'Madam X', another parable in romantic obsession), leads from a script by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from the novel by Robert Horky. The film's velvety cinematography (which reminds me of Avant Garde photographer, Man Ray's photos of the era, used for some impressionistic use of light and shadow) is by Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich. The film's quick editing is by Antonin Zelenka and the film art direction, which looks like a lush, almost Art Deco look, by Bohumil Hes. If I have a bit on this movie, it is the music score, by Giuseppe Becce, who goes over the top, soon-to-be melodramatic feelings (some themes are repeated over and over, fast - some like some of David Lean's use of certain music themes, especially in 'Lawrence Of Arabia' and 'Dr.Zhivago'). A few years ago, a brand new restored print came from the best source material made up of several European existing prints available. It may be the closest version of what it originally looked like before the Vatican was "decadent" (yes, right ... as the church did nothing wrong) and the Hayes office cut it to ribbons when it was in 1936. the US finally issued an approved track from Hayes office. Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was meant to be a mainly visual experience). Not evaluated, but contains the notorious, nude skinny dip scene by Hedy Lamarr (made tasty, you think) and some suggestions of sexual content (as well) that will hardly earn a PG-13 rating these days. Except if you are interested in the early European theater, or Avant Garde / Experimental Theater
