I cannot comment on this film without personally discussing its meaning to me. As a child, I prevented bad health from ever going to a theater. For the first time at the end of World War II, I received films by Roger Manvilles' beautiful Penguin book "Film" that brought me so much pleasure that my health improved. I wish I could buy another copy to read again today. My introduction to many classic films such as The Battle-Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's beautiful documentary), Metropolis, dr. Caligari and Ecstasy; come first through this book and later at my university home theater. Ecstasy incurred the Vatican's wrath to condemn Eva's abandonment of Emil, her next divorce, and the short swim she had left in the dull, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial issues and the film as a Triumphant, Outstandingly Beautiful Visual Pope Loving - Repeating Views by Many IMDb Users. A very lonely young man, when I saw it, I willingly agreed. No further opportunity to see Ecstasy come into being at the launch of home videos has become a valuable memory at the time not to be disturbed. I recently added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found this assessment very superficial. Ecstasy is much more a parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw used in his aggressive agnostic writings to call the 'Life Force'. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy portrays a young bride with a middle-aged man whose sex drive is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returned home and separated him. Soon after experiencing a strong mutual attraction to a young, virile man, she meets while riding. She makes love for the first time and it's an overwhelming experience. Her former husband cannot face rejection and gives the young man a lift in his car, intending that a passing train both kill them on a level crossing. But the train stops in time and the seemingly ill driver is taken to repair at a nearby hotel, where he later commits suicide by shooting himself. After these exciting climatic sequences, a mere, predictable and almost inevitable end emphasizes that, while individual human lives display both joy and tragedy, life all of us continually carry in its current, and we can only really be happy by making this contribution. . This story is thin, the acting is no more than adequate; and normally such a movie would have disappeared in the garbage, as most of its contemporaries have long done. What gave Ecstasy's classical status is exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyrical score and very cautious love, along with something coincidental, but very important in cinematographic terms - it appears only after the introduction of sound and is probably planned as a silent film. It is subtitled and its director exploited and sometimes exploited the impact of short verbal sequences that some subtitles accompany into the score that the film carries so lovingly. This not only makes it almost unique but very rewarding to look at. The parable in the story is continually emphasized, but so subtle that it only becomes aware of it when it is reflected on display. For example, the names - Eve and Adam; the obsessive behavior of Emil on his wedding day showing that trivia has become the most important thing in his life and has preached his ultimate suicide, as he did not have sufficient purpose to sustain him; The continuous series of beautiful rows showing erotic images (a canopy that pollutes a flower, a key which is a lock, a breakaway during Eve's virgin love sequence with Adam, etc.); and the final post-suicide sequences that could be filmed in many different ways, but serving to fulfill the importance of individuals to deliver a kind of work that positively contributes to society, as well as creating new life for this society. to maintain after we give up. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 movie I would evaluate at 9 - even if compared to contemporary works, I would not lower it below 8. For me, the movie will always remain a "must see" (although you may feel that my background remarks above indicate some prejudice in this statement). Unfortunately, in North America, contemporary films of this film have been disturbed by the extreme 1930's reaction to Hedy Kiesler's very short and relatively unimportant naaktone that she has been experiencing in Hollywood (some critics, who clearly have not seen such classic films as Hypocritics not, Hula, Back to God's Land, Paradise Bird or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, even referred to this as the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film. This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the movie would have been very different if the Director chose to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two more thoughts; First, it is a Czech movie released in 1933. The final message on hard work that brings positive benefits to society had to be very superficial for its viewers. When, a few years later, their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and virtually destroyed for at least two generations (I cannot remember that these rows were only tested after the war when I first saw - they were remove from the copy I saw then?). Secondly, for me, his main message today is that things of real beauty are often many transitions, although their memory remains one for one lifetime. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be captured on camera and requested for our convenience.
