First, let's get the "hoopla" out of the way. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women and the movies were a perfect medium for the many to see her beauty on display. Here we caught Hedy as a young freshman talking 20 years in her native Austria. I recently bought a 1990 uncensored version of this 1932/3 classic. Yes, we see a short close-up of Hedy naked from the middle, but although she naked the swim and run-away screens, director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of branches, reflections in pools, medium and long shots around her. show in this famous scene; so don't think there are voluptuous close-ups or claws. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nay always keeps his clothes on. Yes, pretty daring for his day, but how innocent it now looks in 2003's eyes. <br /> <As other scholarly reviews have said, this film should look at the imagination, expressionism and allegorical statements that make it with pictures of drops of water forming a ripple on the surface of a pale water, farm machinery, landscapes, etc. Sweet sounding strings run for most of the "extase's" length and the film has a sense of a transition between silence and sound in its direction and concept. The script is very minimalist and economical, and the story is mainly through face and physical gestures with just a few words from the Germans spoken by the actors with English subtitles. Even these few words seem almost superfluous in the general lyrical vein that runs through the film. <br /> <br /> It is simply a story of a young girl wh o marry a very older man (why are we never told and what did Eve see in him anyway? Money?) an uncontaminated and loveless marriage is trapped. She returned to her father after her husband had left and her father had to lie to his son-in-law. After a ride on her horse, Eva decided to make a swim in the dull and to load her clothes on her horse's hall. However, her horse gets romantic concepts and gallops to greet his stable mates. from the lake naked and trying to repair her mountain, but an engineer at work sees and gets the horse and then looks at his owner. And so the romance is born. Her husband saw that his rival Eva had to win, later decided to shoot himself but I thought it was rather illogical and his main weakness kept his previous love relationship with Eva in mind. <br /> <br /> Despite being a 1990 VHS resale title, the sound is 70 years old, a bit soft and with background cartilage, in line with films of his age. After a period of mourning our attractive boyfriend is of course so in love with Eva, he presents her as a mother with a baby so we must assume that they have always lived happily. Just the imagination has to dislike you and your thoughts of the style of movies from the east of the late 1930s. This is a lyrical piece that can be for themselves and not just for its obvious title. I gave it 7/10.
