I can understand how fans of filmmaker Roman Polanski can love this movie - and I can understand how some might hate it altogether. (Ebert was one of the few who couldn't understand why people were not from the theater). After a first show, I'm not sure I can fall into any category, but if someone can't get enough of Kafka and bizarre dark paranoid comedies, the tenant is efficient enough for his running time. Or maybe not - this is one of the cases where it might have been more of a masterpiece if it was half an hour of Twilight Zone episode, with Serling coda as Terkovsky (or maybe it? ()) In his bed in relation to. It is very similar in the treatment of the doomed protagonist to repulsion, but it can be argued that there was more ambiguity, more of a sense of surrealism challenged by a persistent outline of character and place (and honestly said, better leader performance) than the tenant. <br /> <br /> As it stands, the tenant has an intriguing point of departure, the kind one doesn't tell others: Polanski is a Polish emigrant to Paris who takes an apartment recently acquired by Simone Choule , who jumped near her death shortly after death. But the other tenants are conservative to the maximum in terms of noise; After a Saturday night at Terkovsky's with a couple of friends, there were complaints of too much noise. It won't happen again, says Polanski's benevolent but slightly nervous tenant, but there is no peace even when you move a cabinet or chair. Will complaints be filed against another tenant soon, but from him? Can he register complaints? This is a case of not so much wrong identity, but there is a lack of peace of mind for yourself and the surrounding people. As the downward spiral is underway, Polanski flushes tension (and I say, black-comedian laughter) by showing Terkovsky amid a terrible dream-one of Polanski's strongest scenes of the era - and putting teeth in the to find a wall, not to mention the bathroom over the road (which I might add, is always a movie-like lynch-pen of horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But somehow the movie never really feels significant of its excessive design as a sensible f *** machine, with Terkovsky's tenants, apparently not being what they are Looks like there is not so much tension when they find out that they really do not get him who makes the paranoia more self fulfilling. At least once or twice I thought to myself, "Why did Polanski take the title role for himself?" It's not that he is not a bad actor at all, and he has appeared in various films and plays that are not his own. But apart from being wonderful to look uncomfortable and tense, such as in church or in his moments to blow out when he thinks they are really going to kill him, his transformation is less unpleasant than the tongue in the cheek, a test of himself to see if he can draw it, which he does not quite do. Despite the fact that Polanski worked well to look like the gentle and ill-considered Terkovsky, I could see at least some other actors who could influence it with more subtle and personality. By the time he sees himself in the tow, it goes between a dignified and true camp, especially when he ends up for the double climax (which is of course little surprise). <br /> <br /> And yet, there is fun for the movie buff and Polanski fan to see the supporting role, trying to dig into the much more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do it best, even if they have to print through limited characters) and the unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani become hot or heavy during a Bruce Lee movie, or when he gets really drunk, or in one almost random scene where he hits a child near a fountain , it is brilliant in and of itself. It's a very good movie and one that can stop my attention when I go to too much coffee. But an essential movie? Not quite.
