One thing I'm sure everyone who saw this movie would agree, is that it's very creepy. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also creepy, but they are all different in what they creepy, but they are all about to handle the same thing. They are all about the thoughts. Eventually, the staring people were very creepy, each of them hovering over my spine that didn't allow me to sit still. Once again, if you've seen all the other two movies, it's sure you'll find it filthy, because you start with typical Polanski features that you think you've trapped. He is aware of it and will still bother you with simple things, personally every time Trelkovsky turns slowly, if I were to make myself a jump, maybe it was just me, but it felt like doing it, although it was rather subtle , there is no buildup of music in those moments. <br /> <br /> The play in this one was pretty good, mostly Polanski's, of course, the other characters in the movie don't have that much time to cope with. Polanski really proves himself as an everyday big movie maker. He can't just direct and write big movies, but he can actually act as well. I don't think there is another better person who could draw the Trelkovsky character, Polanski straightened out. I like to watch movies where the director is also the lead, and it shows me the fantastic versatility and talent I greatly respect. <br /> <br /> One thing I don't like about this movie is how it's done in English For those who don't know, it's a French film, funded by the United States, and also commercially successful It is mostly done in English. There are parts of which it is very clear that there are double, and I do not know why it is, but 3/4 of the time when there is a dub, they get the complete wrong person to do the dub. There is a woman in the movie who, when speaking, is obvious, it's a dub, but they had the most annoying person to do the voice. It was painful for my ears to hear her speak, she had the loudest high pitch I've heard for a while, it looks almost fake, but I don't see what the point was, she was a very small character . I would honestly prefer it if they just left it as filmed, parts of it in French and parts of it in English, because the dubbing in this movie was painful and not close (two completely different movies, I know) . high standard of another movie that did a similar thing, which was the good, the bad and the ugly. I realize it's not a big problem, just when you realize it's getting annoying, but I'm sure you won't be sitting there. The long trying to lip read what they actually say, whether you know French. /> <br /> What is so good about Polanski is that he will make you think you know him, that you know his style, which in some aspects you do, but really, you can't see behind the corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned, which I really think is enhancing this one. Personally, I feel it's the best of the three, I'm uncertain what comes next, but they are all relatively close in their level of grandeur. The end is fantastic, it's so easy to get rid of it for a long time to come and get nowhere. I choose not to think too much about it, just to have my personal opinion and leave it to it. <br /> <br /> I walked and I didn't really give insight into what this film is doing. as well, I don't think, so I'll do it soon. If you like Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you will enjoy this movie the least. For those who are sorry, I also recommended watching this movie if you are looking for something that is a little funny movie that is fairly intelligent, especially the end, as well as looking for something that deals with the mind, paranoia even , even though it is better equipped under Repulsion.
