Here's the example of a movie that wasn't well received when it was made, but whose status seems to be in time. 'The Tenant' is quite an interesting work by Polanski, one of the first of his European exile. It is in Paris, and as in so many other exile films, the city, its streets, the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place play an important role. It's just that Polanski chooses his main character not to be an American (as in 'Frantic' for example), but a Pool, as he was when he was west. There is actually a lot of personal commentary in this film made on what a time of crisis had to be in the director's life and the fact that he decided to play the lead (and also masterfully) can also be seen as some kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It's in some way a circular. The hero named Trelkovsky hires an apartment in the old Parisian building, inhabited by what seems to be the first-ever well-stocked team of cute or just ridiculous neighbors. The previous tenant committed suicide by jumping out of the window of the apartment and Trelkovsky only had the time to visit her in hospital before she died and there met her young and beautiful friend Stella (a spectacular Isabelle Adjani in her first role to Truffaut's 'L'histoire d'Adele H.'). Soon, the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it is a conspiracy to make him mad, or to enter the life and role of the dead girl. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and ends by entering the circle and slowing down. The circle is closed. <br /> <br /> It is not the most believable story we may have seen or heard, but the strength of the movie is not in the story, but in the details of psychology, in the slow decline of the spiritual state of the hero, in the permanent balancing game between reality and error. To a certain extent, this is not what happens on the screen, but what happened to the classic "Mes in the Water" is more than a decade before, at the end of the Polish era of Polanski. There are many details that are never explained, but then it is how mystery movies should be and that is how life sometimes is. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly infects the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the last part of the film were not performed too well and the English spoken dialogues (the movie was made in English) almost neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, this is not the best film made by Polanski, but has very good parts, it shows the hand and the style of the director and was an important step in building his career.
