After his classic film noir tribute Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the themes that gave him his greatest hits in the 60's with this creepy psychological horror that, like Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, deals with paranoia and claustrophobia generated by living. <Br /> <br /> Clustrophobic environments are the ones Polanski's best to create, and it must be the most suffocating and limited image he ever created. The emphasis on symmetry and distant vanishing points is greater than ever, and even in the small number of exterior scenes, the sky is seldom shone. But the tenant is not only spatially limited, but also in the intensity with which it focuses on its main character. Trelkovsky, who played Polanski himself, is not just in every scene, he is in almost every shot. If he no longer appears on the screen, the camera becomes Trelkovsky's position. And of course, almost everywhere he looks, he sees his own reflection looking back at him in a mirror. <br /> <br /> I can't think of any movie that is more about the internalization and loneliness of one character. Some psychological tension makers, like M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us to feel sorry for the mentally ill protagonist. Others, like Psycho, are trying in-depth scientific analysis of his mental condition. The tenant does not fit any of these categories? It completely immerses us in Trelkovsky's experience without demanding that we actually understand or appreciate what is in his head. We feel its paranoia and obsession, though we are constantly being shown to be irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also a master of the slowly unfolding horror movie. Often in his horrors, there is an ambiguity as to whether there is something sinister about, but they are one of the most effective of frightening audiences. Why? Exactly because they unfold so slowly and invest so much time in situations in which they deepen the viewer in paranoia. A lot later Polanski's abomination, the ninth gate is a bit of a mess, but at least it manages it. It's a rare chance to see Polanski himself. an important role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as behind, and he is absolutely perfect as the gentle Trelkovsky. Another noticeable show is that of the all too often overlooked Shelley Winters as the porter. In fact, it's rather a star cast, though many of the well-known faces look out into this strange, Gothic European movie. In addition, many of the French actors in the supporting roles in the English version of the language become very common. The tenant is more polished and less pretentious than repulsion, but it does not have the tension and character that Rosemary's Baby makes so surprising and entertaining. The tenant is good, with no big mistake, and Polanski was really upright as a director, but it is not one of his most beautiful works.
