Anthony Mann's westerns with Jimmy Stewart are getting a position for this director with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director in that genre. He certainly knows how to give dimension to the good old Stewart. In Mann's films there is an advantage for Jimmy who is slowly being demonstrated to the audience. In WINCHESTER'73, this was the relationship between Stewart and his brother and how it turned into a vengeance. Here it is a "I just trust myself" attitude, which leads to one complication after another. Even before the film, he (like Jeff Webster) starts two of his hired cowboys who have killed a livestock industry to Seattle due to a dispute (we never know - either they wanted to leave the cattle ridge or they tried to cattle the cattle). stem). <br /> <br /> He meets his game in Skagway, the port he has to come to take his flock to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a so-called lawman, Gannon (John McIntyre), who reminds one of Skagway's real boss in the "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have been as sleepy as Gannon to have every opportunity to make money. Stewart's herd interrupted a public hanging - so (as a fine) the flock is seized (later sold for Gannon's profit). <br /> <br /> Stewart is a partner with Ben (Walter Brennan - who strangely won his last Oscar Judge Roy Bean). They are also joined by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, the sophisticated Rhonda castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda is working closely with Gannon, but helped Jeff earlier to flee the Seattle authorities. However, she has a similar "I trust myself alone" attitude towards Jeff. She offers him work to get supplies for Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go back at night (while the other is sleeping) and steal their cattle back. Renee follows and warns them what Gannon and his associates are following. Jeff is long enough from Gannon for the cattle farming that can be brought across the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that as Jeff has to return through Skagway, Gannon can wait until he does. <br /> <br /> The reunited party of Rhonda and Jeff tore the trail to choose Dawson, Jeff for a longer and safer route. After being proven right, they are on his route and reaching Dawson just to find out there is a lawless element threatening the community because of the goldfields. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee start prospecting. There will soon be two groups in the town of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent town. But the Mounties will not erect a station in Dawson for months. The other, centered around the "dance hall" by Rhonda, is in cahoots with Gannon, who has a big demand jumping scheme with his gang of gunslingers (Robert J. Wilke - very scary in one order with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam, and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to run away from both and go with his new wealth and Ben for a farm they want in Utah. But will they come there? And will Jeff stay neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are dandy here, including Stewart as a man willing to meet all coming but otherwise would be peaceful enough. Brennan plays one of his patented old codgers, whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. Flipping is initially drunk, but tragedy and responsibility shake him in a better state of mind - and one who has a chance to verbally stare Stewart in Stewart's own words against Stewart. McIntyre will die on television in WAGON TRAIN to replace Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his abilities as a villain (such as his trading post opportunist protruding into WINCHESTER '73). He is, as elsewhere on this thread, really sloppy - but he has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunist and human, whose fate is determined by her better feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a border "Gigi" aware that she is more than a young girl, but an emerging woman. <br /> <br /> Best of all, the Canadian Rockies backdrop - as wonderful in its way as the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Mann certainly has a first class work that directs this movie, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
