It's usually a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Rut Roman). She briefly took Jeff in a brief meeting on the steam room to Skagway and a longer look as he stuck in her cabin while authorities were looking for murder. They find that they have a few things in common, except an animal appeal. It also does not trust a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both are married to spouses who have deceived them. Gradually they learn to trust each other, as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda has close ties with corrupt sheriff Gannon and has some shady practices in her locker room in Skagway. She must finally decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young, naive French woman, also takes Jeff apart from each other, but only gets abusive brush-offs in return. Yet she sticks with him in his travels from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Together with Ronda, she nursed him back to health after Jeff was shot dead by Gannon's gunmen. Walter Brennan, as Ben, serves as Jeff's long time player. He doesn't have a greasy role, but serves Jeff's hard sides. John McIntire (as Sheriff Gannon) is probably the most charismatic evil villain you will ever see on film, and will give charm and humor to go. with his bully. Apparently, he sees something of himself in Jeff, who repeatedly declares that he will keep him. He made a credible incarnation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway, as one of the premier kings of his times. <br /> <br /> Jeff is the real antihero, a loner (except companion Ben), who doesn't want to stick his neck to others, even though he knows he's the one real man for the job. In this respect, he looks much like Burt Lancaster's character in "Vera Cruz", for example. So, Jeff is not just setting up Dawson's job. He's convinced Dawson to leave Gannon's gang with clear intentions to take over everyone's insufficient legal gold claims, while some of the miners are being discarded and suggesting the rest is speeding Dawson's exit. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff make a quick way out of Dawson while they are still alive. Then Jeff has a sudden change of heart, apparently still a desire for revenge for Ben's and himself's shooting. He changed from anti-hero to hero to lead Gannon's gang of Dawson. In this respect, he differs from Lancaster's character, which is never reformed (But is Jeff really changed, or just vengeance for injustices committed against his own interests?) The biggest problem I see with the plot is the 2 principle women. It is clear that Ronda, as the right woman, is cared for to tame Jeff. Although she is clearly characterized as a "bad" girl, Jeff has passed himself recently, having shot at least 5 men in the US or Yukon and stealing his cattle from Gannon. Ironically, after changing from Jeff to hero, Rhonda made a similar change in the street to warn Jeff of Gannon's impending ambush. She died as a result and Jeff asked her why she was not just looking out for herself (she was probably just leaving faith!). <br /> <br /> Clearly, Corine Calvert, as Renee, just doesn't make a credible replacement for the dead Ronda, in Jeff's mind. Yet, the apparent implication of the secret scene is that they meet, although Jeff never gives her a kiss or hug. Her image as a good, naive, young woman was slightly compromised by her work in Rhonda's stable of stomping miners who weigh their gold dust, the spilled dust on the floor and later repaired it. I'm also very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner pursuing her and claiming her job. (He's not her father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the amateur handling of the gun battle between Jeff and Gannon's gang. If Gannon had any skills with a pistol, he would have to kill Jeff under the boardwalk or seriously injure himself before Jeff did the same with him. And how did Jeff's bad shot suddenly turn out good enough to shoot a pistol with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and friends did to save the victims. They were too far away to pull them out of the snow alive. And why aren't most Ronda's rafters and mules buried in the flood? <br /> <br /> You'll see a host of unnamed but familiar faces under the miners and Gannon's gang. The rows shot in the Canadian Rockies provide a breathtaking backdrop to the action. All-in-all, a very entertaining western, with most of the major flaws concentrated in the end. No doubt, this film takes a great deal of freedom with history and geography, especially the part that takes place in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually much tighter than the American Skagway.
