EXTREMITIES is the disturbing but disturbing screen version of a play by William Mastriosimone (who adapted his own screen play) about a woman attacked one night in her car by a popular rapist on her way home and is frightened when he realized she was having her wallet and knowing where she lived. After her housewives departed for work the next day, the man appeared at her house and tried to rape her. The story takes a surprising turn when the woman at one point turns the tables on the man and can overwhelm him; But if she realizes, there is no way to try to prove rape. If the man is arrested, he just goes away, she decides to keep him in the house until she can get a confession from him. Farfetched? Can be. Upsetting? Certainly, though, there is a wonderful claustrophobic feeling about this film, especially the middle-line of the woman and her assailant, that you cannot help but part of what is going on. I didn't see the play on Broadway, but I think a lot like this work on stage, but it no longer makes this movie an experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actors who played the role on Broadway, has awarded Marjorie's role in the movie release, delivering a tough and deep-moving performance as the victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics found Fawcett's performance as one note, but to me, Marjorie is completely condemned by what she has gone through and the performance works for me. James Russo, in carrying out his career, is smart and threatening as the popular rapist Marjorie finds to be much more of a challenge than he has accepted. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid, co-starring as Marjorie's roommates, coming home to Marjorie, overpowered the man and tied him up and filled them in their fireplace. And that's the arrival of the roommates who take the story on an unexpected level because they haven't seen what we saw. Marjorie goes through and therefore, she must call the police and let them handle the man. Not for the most beautiful of the heart, but if you can stand it, a pleasant movie experience anchored by a head performance that will surprise you.
