This review owes its existence entirely to a review. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what's emerging, and decide properly what we will look at. In summary, there are brief reviews of most of the films shown on the five major terrestrial channels. In addition to the prose, each movie is awarded a 1-5 star rating. 5 means Don't miss (better than 4 for Excellent!), Up to 1 stand for Poor. We learned from great experience that stars are being awarded for brutal taste, dirty language, offensive content, debauchery, horror, blood and intestines, and especially killing the hero / heroine, just when everyone was happy to ever live. after. (If not done, the movie is rejected as "predictable" - the worst insult imaginable!) <br /> <br /> Brave New Girl is only given 1 star, indicating that it is a candidate who we are worthy of time and attention. This was confirmed by the reviewer's description of the movie as a "real horrible story", and "Mute, just stupid". We watched it, and my wife and I were glad we did. The TV magazine reviewer further stated that the movie was "not a rework of War and Peace," with which we agree. Read the IMDb reviews for this title a day or two later, the urge to retrieve my pen (so to speak) to my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) for the uninitiated) add, has become overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Why did we go to this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, trustworthy relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good victory over evil, and so on. We liked the integrity and personalities of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and the two male professors involved in the story. So, if the story contains a 'wicked west witch', in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), if she plays the part with some conviction. We appreciated the friendship that was portrayed between the two roommates. One has a financially challenged education by a loving single mom, and the other has every essential benefit, but receives little parental time and love. Is it a wonder that Ditz feels she's done about Holly's Mum? Is it surprising that Grant should take an immediate interest in Holly, taking into account the way of their initial encounter, Holly's brilliant smile and her lively self-possession? I think these issues and events are credible enough, but it is necessary to pretend that the exchange and other circumstances are realistic so that the story can have an environment. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed by having no significant musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without unnecessarily listening to our critical faculties and spoiling our experience. We enjoyed both the classic pieces and the doll, which was well received on the TV, and we were not hit by any lack of talent. It doesn't matter that Holly's classic vowels were baptized by anyone else. <br /> <br /> We enjoyed the movie enough to search for a DVD. The average price we paid per disc for the movies in our collection is currently £ 4,9484 (rounded off to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available from a reputable Amazon Marketplace provider for £ 1,3516 (rounded off to four decimal places) above this figure. Such a purchase will increase the average. Why I have to deny it is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony to our enjoyment of this movie that we have placed an order anyway. I awarded this movie 7 IMDb stars out of ten. I have one for over-the-house reception of the performances by audiences, one for Britney ads and one for something else I can't remember. (If it hasn't plunged, this review is an anthem to celebrate the use of brackets!)
