The penultimate collaboration between director Anthony Mann and star James Stewart (with the exception of the few days that Mann worked at Night Passage before he divorced with less than amicable circumstances), leaves The Far Country his mainstream appearance for a different portrait from a forbidden man to tow. reluctant to his own salvation and fighting it every step of the way. This time he is a cattle driver whose response to labor problems - challenging tough cow-hands to a rifle at the end of the trail - causes his cattle to be seized by John McIntire's heavy judge at Roy Bean School law and order. He steals them back and takes them across the Canadian border. He soon finds himself unceasingly in the growing conflict between prospectors and the judge, as he cheats or kills them from their claims. <br /> <br /> While it's not a big surprise in what way Stewart ends up, a surprisingly disturbing butterfly is on the way. He even uses his desire to just be let go of excuse not to warn a group of prospective avalanches if he has the chance, because it's not his problem. . For most of the movies, there is actually only a hair width between him and McIntire, something that the judge immediately recognizes in the company of a related spirit, even though he intends to line him up. In many ways, the townspeople who have their faith in him probably recognize it. Despite their appeals to his death-and-buried better nature, there is an unspoken acknowledgment that the only person who can rise the judge is almost as bad as he is. <br /> <br /> As usual with Mann, there is an extraordinary use of high landings, although for once the final renovation is on equal ground, and the movie is almost perfect with strong support from Walter Brennan, Harry Morgan and Ruth Roman (though Corinne Calvert's young romantic interest is irritating). Unfortunately, the great filmmaking of the Canadian Rockies is made little favorite by a clear average DVD transfer, with only the theater trailer as extra.
