(SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH) This movie's anti-German sentiment looks painfully dated now, but it is a brilliant example of great war propaganda. It was made back when Cecil B. DeMille was still a good director. (Ignore all his best Best Picture Academy awards, he never made a very good sound film.) This movie is not the comedy of most of Pickford's other films, and it's really DeMille's movie, not Pickford's. The destruction of the Germans can be compared to the way the patriot of 2000 did the same to the British. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who had the ironic name of Austreheim. They even had Pickford a bad trip on a luxury submarine boat. So what will the Americans get more excited about? Sinking the Lusitania, or watching America's favorite Canadian imports sink in? Throughout the film, DeMille walks his main player from one kind of terrible disaster to another, after which death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, execution and explosions escape just in the right place to keep her unharmed. The way she is saved from a coaching team is no longer credible as the way people in the Jurassic Park are finally saved from the velociraptors. If I were more faithful to such a propaganda, I would punish myself for a part-German descent. <br /> <br /> Was this a good movie? Apart from a humorous running gag about Americans abroad, do they think they are untouchable ?? It was obviously a joke even then? you may not be entertained. You will find it more than a little melodramatic and, of course, one-sided, but the first thing that I thought after watching was that it was years before Potemkin's false portrayal of a massacre was the theater language as well as a movie. potential for propaganda. It made me wonder: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the advent of sound and "The Greatest Show on Earth" he lost his ambition. Ben Hur looks expensive but not ambitious. In a sense, this movie is for 1) Movie historians, 2) Silent Film Buffs, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans, if that person exists.
