This premier Western story of the golden rush brings great excitement, romance and James Stewart on the screen. The Far Land is the only one out of all five Stewart-Mann Westerns who are often overlooked. Stewart is once again looking at the perpetual personalities he had in the five Stewart-Mann westerns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is unaware, always looking at himself, and so he is so surprised when people are good and friendly with him. Ironically, he wears a bell on his ward he won't drive without. It shows that he can only care for one person - his sidekick, Ben Tatum, is played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann, again, looks at the perpetual personalities he has put in the five Stewart-Mann westerns. He displays violence, excitement, plot, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, come into the rich rich city of Dawson, along with the golden partners Calvet and Flippen, and non-good but beautiful Roman and her hired men. They can't leave because the cocky sheriff, Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will hang them as the only way out is through Skagway, which is Gannon's town. But eventually McIntire came to them, but did not collect Stewart and / or his fine he allegedly owed to the government. What is McIntire for? He is there to cheat miners from their demands and money. People die. A Sheriff for Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good at a gun. Stewart, however, refuses the job, as he plans to get all the gold he can and then pull it out. He also refuses it because he does not want to help people, as law and order always kill someone. So, Flipping is preferred instead. A mineworker is killed because he is trying to stand up to one of Gannon's men, a pure evil, mustachioed fancy gun man, named Madden, who is carrying two guns, played by Wilke. Flipping tries to arrest Madden and see that justice is done, but he can't get up, so he gets drunk. A man named Yukon replaces Flipping. Stewart and Tatum start pulling out, but are caught by Gannon's men. Tatum is dead, and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realized that he had to do something, or Gannon would take over Dawson, set up his own rules and that would become his town, just like Skagway. The audience also realized what Stewart had to do. Another thing the audience realizes is that Stewart is the only thing between the townspeople and Gannon. When Stewart leaves, Gannon will take over the town. If Stewart stays and keeps doing nothing about it, the townspeople will be ruthlessly killed and useless. This is where a big scene takes place. Stewart walks into his cabin. He has a sling on his arm. For a few seconds, his gun hangs in the gun on a post beside his bed, the gun is near, Stewart is in the background, just inside the door. He stared at it for a few seconds. He threw away the sling. The pendulum lands on the back of a chair and falls on the floor. It's symbolic, because he throws away his old life, which didn't care for anyone but himself. He comes in his new life, helping people when they need help. What ends the movie is a rifle-fervent, furious display of good against evil, and a really feel-good feeling that everything will be fine.
