Definitely spoilers in this review! I ** adore ** American Gothic and did it since I saw it late at night when it first raced out on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. The comparisons Stephen King made are about good. It is a small town of supernatural honesty but with fantastic layered characters. Best of all, and why I love it so much, is that it was never so black and white! Lucas Buck, who lacks any conscience, often works through, as he says, enough people to keep up with themselves. His manipulation only works because of other people's poor morale. Caleb, although generally a thoughtful, friendly, informative boy, can sometimes inherit the latent, dark side of his father. Neither of the characters is quite good or bad with even the angel Merlyn who shows a wrathful side through reckless revenge in the plague. Not only that, but with Gail, the closest thing to a mother figure for Caleb, not only sleep but fall in love with Lucas despite all she knows, let me know that this show just goes there and doesn't apologize no. I'm a big buffy fan, but when that show was really 'dark' in later seasons, it failed because it lost its humorous side and didn't fully devote its ideas. AG shows that you can have a morally bankrupt character right in the heart of the show, and still have a lot of laughter to do it. <br /> <br /> I can't even think why it was canceled because I "I'm just getting angry with its ridicule. So much junk on the TV and good, original programs are kicked and stamped. Thanks to the rise of DVD I can at least see the show as a whole! Yes, some of the footage now looks dated, but the storyline's extraordinary atmosphere is good enough. The actors also give such a perfect performance that it does more than some strange camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone may not like this show is that it's not like the X files where there are cases to "fix" or lost where there are big unanswered questions . It is quite obvious that Lucas Buck has some powers, and that the show is all about Kaleb's soul. So this show can frustrate people who are looking for a goal or an unknown 'truth' to find. Yes, there are some mysterious unanswered aspects, such as the truth about Gails' parents being solved, but unlike Lost and X files, it's not about finding out more about what's happening on IMO. It's all about the characters and the way they have to confront moral choices in the twisted world of Trinity. Personally, I will get such a kick to see that Lucas brings every situation to its advantage. <br /> <br /> All the most important thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure most fantasy / horror fans will love it. Even though it is canceled, all characters have bows and there is plenty in the finals to give some meaningful closure. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. Not to have him in the last episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I would have done something for a second season, but at least the full 22 episodes exist and maybe given how mindless some TV executives appear to be. I'll be glad this wonderful show is smooth! !
