This time Blackadder is no longer royal (or even very close to something). Instead, rather a butler to Prince Regent, portrayed by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, whose presence is greatly missed and that hole never filled ... his character had an innocent charm. ... while he was a bumbling and complete moron, we can't help him, but it is not true at all. daft (which he believed was, according to the Trivia page), not to mention loud and completely Edmund can only do what he pleases, and do it, why is he so frustrated and angry (honestly, it sometimes gets depressed)? Yes, his master is a buffoon, they are always. money is not, and he is not in danger. In the second series, the Queen was ominous and childish, and someone's head - or with them - would be cut off on a whim. play for any of the conflict to be exciting and interesting, there are still some comments and even a little satire. It seems they thought history was funny enough on their own, so they just reloaded it, not actually changing the facts into jokes or gags. And I can't tell you how many of them I figured out before they were finished, literally more than a minute away. This is usually not positive if you know the punchline before it is delivered. Baldrick doesn't change from last season ... he's quite pathetic and stupid, leading to "stupid" humor. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Don't start me on the excited things. The sarcastic, oral white can still be large, though much less than it was before. I would say that about half of the episodes were rather amusing and straightforward, while the other three didn't really have me in them. I was disappointed with how predictable some of the plots and developments were. I could see much of a kilometer coming. Some of the materials are trying too hard to be funny and winds are over as incredibly forced. It continues with the tradition begun by "II" to work out the occasional plans. The theme is the worst of the bunch, the credits are the least creative. All in all, this is by far my least favorite of the four. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and of the British comedy in general. 10/07
