Unfortunately, in such cases, there are so many conflicting stories that everyone is trying to tell others that it is impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This movie is a victim of such circumstances. The authors (too many of them) have decided to take ALL the stories and give them a hearing to decide which version of the truth they like best. As in the real life case there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience is left with a general run of unfulfilled (like coffee without the caffeine or sex without the climax). Whodunnits without madness are generally frustrating and wonder why someone did not do research before setting it out. Determine at least your movie as a fiction if so (and do it). <br /> <br /> That's not to say there aren't any good performances here. Kilmer (as Holmes) does an excellent role in bringing a humanity that is otherwise a careless character. Kilmer, and the real life lovers and friends who consulted on the film, let the audience see a selfish, upset man who, though his mistakes were many and large, loved and cared for by many (except himself). Kudrow as Holmes's wife, just gives a glamor to the dramatic actress she can be, but it is very striking and memorable. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as she could have been and had to show more inner conflict to give credibility to what eventually happened between Dawn and Holmes (she changed him in 6 months after fled to Florida). Bosworth's apple cheek show was annoying at times, sometimes touching, but didn't show any of the backbone the real Schiller had to own. The other characters blur the woodwork that is unfortunate. Lucas is a wonderful artist who sank his teeth in this role if it fell to him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly competent in his role as a drug dealer. <br /> <br /> The mistake of this movie does not lie with this role, but with the writing. Too many cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, filled with so much promise, eventually leaves you hungry. The story and characters might be less than sympathetic, but in what movie of this ilk are they not? Other films such as 1989's drugstore cowboy with Matt Dillon (allegedly asked to take this role and refused) worked with similar topics and mastered it to such an extent that by the end of the movie you were related to had the main character despite what he did. From Sandt James Cox and his crew could have given some lessons. If someone had bothered to find the truth, it would have been an intriguing story. As it is, you'll find the accompanying WADD documentary more palatable (in the 2-CD DVD) and much more informative. You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good one. That's most people.
