John Holmes is so famous, he is notorious (as the Three Amigos would say). This is a Rashomon-like story about the events around the Wonderland Murders of the early 1980s, in Los Angeles. The story is merged from the re-announcement of some of the participants. There is a story from the friend's perspective, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in the attack on Eddie Nash's place. Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and these are the same characters that Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights and is heavy in the drug center. There is John Holmes's perspective (played by Val Kilmer), whereby he is a pledge between two kings (with a serious cocaine claim). There are also the patchwork reminders of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) completing the spaces between the two stories. It's basically the same time frame we look at, just every character's version. The only thing missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes as a slightly heroic character, with a tragic but comical karma. He is a caricature of a real person. He was more or less, a mixed child who got through his "great" endowment. Director James Cox turns the comedy off and makes this episode in John's life a nightmare for us all to watch. The details of real life murders make this movie even worse. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer, what he learned from Jim Morrison, from the Doors, improved the performance for the Salton Sea and then improved it further. brings us the decline of John Holmes through cocaine. All the actors draw very realistic depiction of cocaine junkies. Josh Lucas's performance stands out as one of the best in the movie. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character is supposed to be the same as the Thomas Jane character of Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, likes to care for John Holmes as a novelty and has a cocaine like blood sharks. The use of cocaine seems so realistic to make one think. Did they really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights feels a bubblegum doll (lots of color and 70's nostalgia), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with lots of jumps. It is tortuous and grainy. There is no comedy, just a never-ending pass, as if the director is trying to put us in the nervous, fast-paced, fatty cocaine to make us feel what the characters are feeling. It's a graphic movie. It has one of the most intense violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. It actually shows the murders themselves (through the eyes of John Holmes at first and then from a third-person perspective). It's so graphic, it looks like police's evidence of a crime. I had to break into this scene and remind myself it was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in other sides of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
