I recently got the habit of buying any interesting DVD that introduces the Criterion Company. I find that even if I don't like the movie, Criterion usually provides extra extra material to compensate for any shortcomings in the real movie. I read on them, and I buy the one that is most interesting to me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase, and I have to say I wasn't disappointed in the movie. It is cheerful, funny and romantic. Everything about it is pretty excellent. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would probably like them and sing them all day long. The acting is great for this kind of movie. American classics of the classic Hollywood era went more on song and dance than the real characters and story, but in Le Million the characters are quite well developed and the story, while not extremely impressive, is not missing at all. I loved the developments of the relationships, especially the relationship between once best friends Michel and Prosper. The romantic moments were also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with many very memorable moments. Probably the single most perfect scene of the movie takes place after the main pair has an argument. They hide on the stage of an opera show, and the opera singers sing lines interpreting the couple, Michel and Beatrice in their own situation. This is certainly one of the highlights of theater history. The scene made me laugh, to convey me with a very sweet romance, and let me flourish on how clever the director was. I give this movie a 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the criterion I do and plans to buy. Among the Criterion slides I now own, Le Million contains the least features. All it has is a photo gallery (not just as useful, one can flip it once) and a rare television interview with director Rene Clair. This piece is important. He was one of the many directors who started in the silent movie, and when talkies first appeared, he said they were the death of the movie. I think most filmmakers understand what these directors meant when they said it, but it's interesting to hear him explain. If you also read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, please note that they were wrong in one important respect: not every line in the movie is sung. In fact, it doesn't contain more songs than regular music. It's actually more like a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers movie. My criticism of the disk is not that important. Very much, Criterion has the right to turn around to make those complaints. In fact, their people probably spent hundreds of hours composing a movie that only voted 20 (now 21!) People for imdb, and only about 100 people will ever see the movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is nowhere to be found. I have no idea why. This is something they should be really proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly awful). They did a good job on this movie. Bravo! They earn all the money I can stand to give them!
