Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who just started social work, is sent to help an elderly semi-catatonic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), to her former caregiver, Yoko (Yoko Maki). disappeared. Karen soon learns that something is not right in Emma's house, and she tries to see how deep the hare hole goes. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this is a delayed impact of the success of M. Night Shyamalan's movies, but slower pace, underestimated horror movies is a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well, and in others, such as White Noise (2005), the pacing tends to kill the movie. I didn't just like The Grudge like Hide and Seek, but it's still a very good movie. It earned a 9 out of 10 of me. <br /> <br /> The resentment has some important differences. from other recent examples of the trend, however. It is known to be a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with Ju-On (2000). This is especially close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3, from 2003). Two, like many Japanese horror movies, are the slower pace here not so much in the realistic drama as in surrealism. As is the case with a large percentage of European horror, resentment must be looked at more than a filmed nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also the director of the five Japanese entries in the Ju-On series to date (the fifth is currently in production) and writer Stephen Susco has largely relinquished linearity and is not overly concerned about logical or plot holes when it comes to the horror behind the story. Rather, the idea is to offer a dreamy series of scenes, with dream logic, where the focus is on the atmosphere, creepiness, the uncomfortable and many viewers. How well the movie works for you will largely depend on how well you can adapt or become accustomed to this different film making approach (although some of the apparent gaps are filled by previous entries in the Ju-on series) ). Traditionally, American audiences regard bugs as plots and hang the "rules" for the "monster". A more poetic, metaphorical, surrealistic approach to film has not yet been accepted by the US mainstream. <br /> <br /> But even if you're not used to it, it's worthwhile to suspend your normal assumptions about movies and give The Grudge a shot. It is a well-written, well-directed, well-directed film, filled with unusual features, such as the story that interweaves a large number of main characters (better done here than the more episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography, subtle production design touch (see Gellar's clothes that match the color and texture of the outside of Emma's home, when Gellar first approaches), and beautifully effective horror material. <br /> <br /> Although slowing down your average horror movie of the past, pacing usually increases the honesty, and there's no shortage of bizarre events to entertain horror fans. The supernatural premise of the film is absorbent, and based on DVD interviews with Shimizu, I paid more attention to Japanese faith and folklore. Although the most interesting sub-texts would probably originate with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to think why so many Japanese horror movies contain scary children and adults that look like scary children. <br /> <br /> I drew one point because the movie is a little over in the mysterious mystery / thriller with a "here's what really happened" flashback, but even that was pretty well done, and otherwise be a 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Having said all of the above, let me finish with a mini-rant: It's not that I'm an anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that American distributors and studios feel that we need the necessary remake of foreign films to make them suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should only be released in American theaters in broad release. There is no need to present an almost identical movie, but only replace white American actors for non-white or foreign actors. Yes, the resentment is a fine movie, but in the end I would rather see something original with this talent and be treated to the latest foreign horror movies - not just Japanese but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc. at my plywood. In the hope that someone at the studios will read it, it is also more cost-effective to do so, as: (1) you can completely avoid production costs and simply make household distribution agreements from which you make a profit, and (2 ) You can earn money from fans like me who otherwise pick up foreign movie DVDs in overseas or even bootleg versions.
