It is said that David Lynch's films and shorts will not appeal to everyone. Also Dumbland, maybe more than ever. I have a feeling that Dumbland, as people overpower it, will be a real point of "I get it" or "hell". It is not exactly surrealism, but absurd to the point of no return. It's also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity a kind of ironic intelligence can be, that the author knows so well how childish and repulsive it is, and this self-awareness is a plus, not a distraction. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of rugged shorts — the kind that might not even make it on Hertzfeldt and Judge's animation program (which I might add, Lynch here is very much in common with both directors in their work center a lummox with an IQ of 20 who has a constantly alleged wife, and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and / or a stranger. The episodes include small situations like a faulty treadmill, ' a salesman looking at the Gettysburg address, looking over a sick brother-in-law, ant-hallucinations, and just sitting on the couch on the couch Lynch is still experimenting while being better or worse during the five-year period he did. up and down domestic empire. <br /> <br /> For one thing, he goes back to the roots of his very first short, six-figure figure, six times in using repetition as a means to An end, sometimes works flawlessly well, and sometimes not, sometimes, as with the episode The seat around the house does nothing, since teeth are bleeding and a fly around buzzes, the absurdism type waxes and decreases without much of a good effect. And even an episode like that of the friend's friend is more funny, for the Beavis and Butt-head comparisons (both like idiots, and are being destroyed by killing fish and sheep). What ultimately works is how Lynch appears in the foremost deliberate abstractions in the most imaginative ways and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In what comes closest to surrealism in "ants", the man sprays bugs (called "Kill", one of Lynch's very cheap but community-based efforts) on himself. ants in a musical chorus, solo included. And one of the scariest funniest things I've ever seen from the filmmaker is to get the stick, where we just see the man, encouraged by his son, to get a stick in his mouth. Soon the neck broke out, the eyes jumped out and once said the stick was removed, he didn't look out for traffic flooding like a manganese cover. Other moments appear here in unexpected slits, and it is drawn as on cheap paper, with the impulse to shake with false mouth (mostly from the man as well as the grandmother who in one of Lynch's characters for the characters is the deepest all), and a shaky quality reminiscent of the crop of (early) Hertzfeldt. <br /> <br /> The same thing I am not sure if Dumbland was something I would have liked to put in someone's hands if they didn't see much of Lynch, but still left something of him. There are a few small points about society made up of complete exaggerated things that may be approaching or less in Lynch's mind than we usually think of those in real life. But in general there is not a whole lot to read in it. That is why I will say more than half that it will hate passion. Those who are digging the bottom pits of animated comedy have an explosion.
