Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a 'Hulk' T-shirt and trudges every day to perform his duties as a garbage can. He uses his physical strength to pick up others' garbage and take it to the village stop. He reads comic-book hero stories and loves wrestlers and wrestling, goes to WrestleMania with his twin brother Eugene on their birthday is an annual tradition. He speaks kindly to the many people he comes into contact with in his day. He read cartoons, which he found in the trash, with a young boy he often passed while standing on the garbage. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability came as a result of head injury in which he suffered traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury slowed him down, although it did not change his core character as a strong individual, helping to protect others. Dominick is actually more independent than he may seem at the beginning of the movie. He lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick is the main source of income while Eugene is studying. Eugene has to worry about the fact that he has to continue his education in another city and move away from Dominick. Eugene also developed a romance that began to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film deals specifically with domestic abuse and how it can affect individuals, families and then society as a whole. The tension escalating between Eugene and Dominick as Eugene realizes that he should eventually leave Nicky, explode on their birthday night. Eugene yelled at Dominick and threw him on the wall. In this moment, Eugene had to confront his own fears like his abusive father, the father that protected Dominick while becoming the victim of the abuse himself. This event confirmed the love between the two brothers, who from then on became the best of friends. Although they needed each other, they also needed both independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they have to share ways has become a very real emotional strain. However, by the end of the film, Dominick can greet his brother and congratulate him. Eugene is able to trust his brother with the confidence that he has started a social network of caring people and will help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick sees the abuse of his friend, he has been forced to face the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick almost completely shut. He then goes to the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After learning that the boy died, he was confronted by the abusive father who, because he feared his testimony, told him that he had seen nothing, knew nothing and said nothing and that if he did, he would kill him. Now that his own life is threatened, he goes and finds the handgun that Larry used the rats. He goes to visit the deceased boy and denies the baby of the sad family. He walked away from the scene and hid in a building. When the police surrounded him, Eugene went into the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and they bring the baby back. The abused father then carried a gun from his own threat to kill Dominick, but Eugene stopped him and Dominick told the crowd that he saw the father's son in the stairs. <br /> <br /> The climate ends up facing the issue of dysfunctional behavior. Although Dominick's instinct to save the baby can be understood, we also see how harmful this reaction is. Dominick put the baby's life and life in great danger. The greater social consequences of these events are not directly doubted, but rather through the films that end. Despite the more optimistic end-portrayal, another series of events is likely to have taken place, in which Dominick is charged with kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It is somewhat difficult to believe that it is completely unexplained. Furthermore, even if Dominick is not charged, there may be another stigma against him in the community, not that there was not one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we need to recognize problematic behavior and combat it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another movie, Rainman, who won 5 Oscar awards. . While Rainman was an achievement and helped increase the visibility of people with disabilities, it can be argued that Dominick and Eugene offer more valuable lessons to society. While Rainman has demonstrated that the mainstream can teach American society and provide a 'savant', if the savant is the heir of a great estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with disabilities will be able to care and help save members of the American community. The message of an independent person with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988. Hopefully, society will ever see the strengths of individuals with disabilities, not as a threat, but as essential to the strength of society.
