I collect Horror movies from everywhere and I've seen the good and the very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Sure, the acting is bad, the storyline is basically a mixture of all zombie movies being thrown together and the quality is low in some spots. The thing you seem to miss is that it is still entertaining and really fun. The effects range from, as someone has said here, that the boxes being printed pass by for very good people with a wonderful latex work. But why you buy a movie with a title like this is for the gore and this movie is great in that area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called it a party movie and it is. 100% fun party. I've heard from several websites that it's actually a "rough cut" of the movie that has general edition, but the real "director's cut" comes on DVD and it's very good quality. I'll buy it and judge for myself. <br /> <br /> Story is basically a nuclear power plant going bad and making zombies. The governor shut it down, hiding the story and sanction houses to be built on it. Some of the plant is still underground and these dead come up and attack the area. A few actors do a good job, there are some straightforward social comments that are informative and true, good music, good lighting, slight tension and tons of blood and sick gore. One man is attacked and torn from the bottom, if you know what I mean. Then his gut is pushed out of his mouth. Another was ripped in half like Day Of The Dead and they did a great job of that effect. There are a million gore gags and this is almost ALL action. I say stop being a pride, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat Market. Two great undead. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got the DVD set and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> Much better picture quality and once I could see the real DIRECTOR'S CUT of the movie and it's a much better movie. I used to keep it, but now I can see what Todd Sheets is trying to do with this one. And the comments also help to hear that Sheets talk about the movie in detail. He knows it's a trashy zombie movie, but he shows respect to everyone involved. Also, Sheets have a good sense of humor and some humble integrity that others can learn in the film field. The behind the scenes of the Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some good interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with news stories about the movie from some key sites like CNN, FOX and MTV. Over all, a fun movie that is very rough around the edges, but I still laugh and enjoy! I've seen lots of DV movies, and a few pictures of video films, and many are pretty boring, but it really wasn't. While new DV movies are technically better, it's just not that much fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard they are now recovering it on a big budget ???
