Just my copy of this DVD got two slides and although it wasn't perfect, I found the overall experience to be a fun way to waste time. I have to say right in front of me that I'm a big fan of Zombie movies, and I really think the nice people who made these movies should be. I also have a soft spot for people who sometimes try to live a dream. And again these people do it. Is this an award-winning collection of great movie? No, not even close. But for what they do on their scant budget, these movies should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is always, was I entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here was the answer to both "Yes." The first in the series is also the most raw. It starts with an accident at a nuclear facility and people melt or something. Cut a few years later and build a new housing community across the old reactor premises. Some children who make a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped in the lower levels of the facility. They are rescued, but the hole is not sealed and the people from the opening start slumbering from the hole. Soon the whole town will be taken over by the dead. And these zombies are fun. They go from cool rotten makeup to the cheapest slap on white face ever, but they're fun. The whole movie ends with an appearance between the last survivors of the area and the dead, with our heroes going to the lower levels of the reactor, taking out the carnivorous zombies and sealing the hole forever! Pretty cheesy, but I think it was meant to be. Still, it moves very fast, has buckets of horrific effects and really tries a little style. The acting is uneven, but some good performances shine through and one really needs to listen to the commentary. I looked back and looked at it again and found that it was a good bit of information about the trials and fun that the crew and film experienced. Director Todd Sheets looks pretty proud of this, his first film, but also has no disorder. He knows it's a trashy zombie movie, but he shows respect for people involved. Also, Sheets have a good sense of humor and some humble integrity that others can learn in the film field. The behind the scenes of the Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some good interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with news stories about the movie from some key sites like CNN, FOX and MTV. Over all, a fun movie that is very rough around the edges, but I still laugh and enjoy! I've seen lots of DV movies, and a few pictures of video films, and many are pretty boring, but it really wasn't. While new DV movies are technically better, it's just not fun! Overall, it's a solid, if a little flawed, loose with many extras and TONS gore and plow. While I do not violate any major rules of shifting, I have found the range to be fun and always a laugh, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make award-winning art here people, he tried to make, sometimes at all odds, a fun zero budget, gruesome horror and so far he has succeeded.
