So, Todd Sheets once said he regarded his 1993, Z-epic, Zombie Bloodbath, which in turn was shot, as his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty, called Zombie Rampage, knows exactly how false that statement is. I mean, what makes this one much better? Well, again, Zombie Rampage doesn't include that mullet man, now it does? <br /> <br /> To understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered a damn worthiness, one has to remember what the 90s were for lovers of horror. A decade all this except farewell to B and Z cinema as we knew it. Technological advances, awkward trends and the internet will add to the mysterious charm of the so-called 's big box of gold abolish years. And anything remotely equal to quality clock was all too self-conscious, as it is own good to basically defeat the purpose. Fortunately, not everyone changes with the times. Enter Zombie Blood Bath. <br /> <br /> And I think that's the part where I explained the same exact representation of 500 other zombie flashes from the past 40 years. Well, so, a sort of accident at a nuclear plant infects everyone in sight, turning them into carnivorous zombies, going on a rampage, causing some of the most horrific but humorous gore screens of the 90's. The first 20 minutes are overwhelmed with the most awkward conversations you can imagine. Conversations that let you know it's not just a low-budget zombie movie, it's a Z-grade disaster, Fella. very hysterical, non-existent acting to go around, and it goes threefold for Mr. Mullet. This guy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets Zombie Bloodbath is seriously considered the superiors of the Zombie Rampage makes me no end. I mean really, both are complete jokes on celluloid, but then it's also Redneck Zombies, so of course Todd Sheets is in the face of awsomeness. By 1993, a movie that would be this bad would definitely be a brand new spoof, but Mr. Sheets stand his ground, give us a good old fashion shock, the way it was meant, unconscious, impeccable and useless. God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone who is surprisingly worth 90's B-Horror, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of your list. As far as Zombie Bloodbath is concerned, if you're a gorehound borne somewhere around 1990, '93 will be the perfect time to pick up. 8/10
