One of my all-time favorite so-so-fun-loving-that-it-all-lovely El Cheapo and Stinko Nickel'n'dime independent horror creature features, an enjoyable awful miracle released by the formidably fecund exploitation outfit Crown International Pictures so it can play many crazy dual accounts on many inputs in the seventies, and eventually it looks like secondary cable stations several times throughout the 80s. Obviously, I saw this glorious horrific horror on late-night television, one fatal Saturday night, while in my early teens and having had a deep-rooted yet totally irrational endurance for it. <br /> <br /> A meteorite falls from the sky and falls into the still waters of a tranquil estuary, thereby hatching a dormant dinosaur egg. Of course, the baby dino immediately grows into a giant waddling, grunting, teeth-gnashing prehistoric affair with goofy flippers, an extended neck and a large mouth full of angled, chopped, stalagmite-like chompers. Our South-fried male cousin to the Loch Ness Monster immediately begins at several happy locals from an early quiet and sleepy Hillbilly resort. It is to brave stalwart sheriff Richard Cardella, assisted by the painful idiot-hay-hurt comic relief, brother-lover duo by Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, feathery boyfriend Kacey Cobb and the terminologically indifferent scientist Bob Hyman. excessive gluttonous Jurassic throwback ruins the tourism industry by eating all the campers and fishermen that the hekhamlet pays off. <br /> <br /> Director / writer William R. Stromberg displays a wonderful, thorough and thorough clueless incompetence when it comes to pacing, atmosphere, tough narrative construction and especially the sounding of sound, credibly acting out of their hopeless all- thumbs rank amateur community theater level cast. The performances are uniformly uncomfortable: Cardella is far too exhausting and wood to cut it as a solid hero, while the spicy dull redhead cartoon of Roberts and Seigel causes the turbulence of fearless unbelief - you don't laugh at these two frightening ones. as the impermeable imbeciles emerge, discover a cut head in and out of the dark water. Better yet, a bunch of integrated subplots about a malicious on-the-loose criminal lead to a spectacular ham-fisted supermarket-stop scene that interrupts degenerates in a hilariously stupid mini-massacre as a young lady shopper. in the middle of the robbery! A subsequent motor hunt is just as stunned; It's so sharply staged and relentless that one feels more enlightened than scared when the monster suddenly appears to devour the devastating refugee. In addition, David Funen's funky rumble stop motion animation dinosaur is the authentic gnarly article depicting a certain raw charisma, sneaky reptile personality and overall powerful screen presence, which makes all the terribly underpowering human characters look pathetically uncomfortable, that no one in comparing it to that. And for the budding conclusion where the sheriff takes our slave animal with a bulldozer, the operative word for this exciting confrontation is baffo all the way.
