There is not much more I can say about this movie than all the comments on page one, except - as Jesse says - "these are the berries". All the commentators on page 1 wrote eloquently - just as the dialogue in this movie is. It can only be one of the illusory things we hear so much about, but it is usually done by the actors who make the lines. Perhaps Robert Redford, while filming this movie, kept strict on the actors / actresses, so the beauty of the story is not lost. <br /> <br /> I also attended the church when I was very young. and in my late teens. The church's pastor spoke a lot of success and silence like Rev. Maclean did in his church. It is in itself a totally different picture depicted from South Baptist churches - no sacred role in my church. It was a great church with many different programs to keep its congregation busy. The most inspiring was perhaps the music section with its great choir and almost classic folk songs. Also, the Sunday night congregation was almost completely younger. Are you even aware that one day it was safe to go to church on Sunday night? How wish I was! To watch a river run through it is much like a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As already written beautifully, the sermon for this movie is the open space of Montana - but there are also no missile silos? Fly fishing or any other activity that brings family members closer together for a happy life - and a deep understanding of each other - becomes a blessing. Although you see some of the shadow aspects of life, the simplicity of the story also paints a lasting impression on your heart, if you leave it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are balanced by the simple gatherings of old-fashioned community picnics like this movie - in heavy contrast with modern families who bring their children to Disneyland to shout a day together and name it a day. It is wrongly marked, but as "River" appears, some of its silence beauty can do nothing but make life richer. This is the third movie I saw where Tom Skeritt (?) Plays a dad, all the different styles and brilliant action. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly an undiscovered talent except for Thelma and Louise. "Meet Joe Black," and all the role-players earned many awards. Small stories that are excellently told will get 10 -10 of me about any movie with violence, foul language, ugliness and "action". I especially think of "Crash" and most of "Arnold's" movies. What a savior for peace is this movie.
