(There is not much in the way of spoils, as there is no plot to reveal, but still, I think I describe some of what is happening ...) This is it. It's the most relentless movie I've ever seen. There is simply no word to describe this movie, although "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are very close. The first half hour or so is really, odd music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, except that MJ falls in some of the previous cases. One of the highlights of this part of the movie in the section where MJ rejects an airplane plane through a half-arsed band intro and cut off Yellow Submarine (dear sir, you couldn't make it start with a little over an hour, start the "movie", with lots of clay (some of it really creepy) and mock our "hero" and look for him for a signature. still dumb (discount songs) lead, worry anything, and he temporarily manages to lose it, fortunately for him, because that means he can testify a falling star, and again I don't make it, turn into a clay He uses this cunning disguise to try to sneak in front of them, but for reasons I can't remember now, they see it (oh no!) and the creepy chase starts again. Shortly after the end of the race, MJ somehow brings the hare to life until he gets through a policeman (in the mire el of the desert) because it is apparently illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is just as strange, highlights including MJ cleaning up a bar like Smooth Criminal, including a man shooting his finger, not just killing the man, but his shadow the wall, a lazy fission weapons. Another good moment is when MJ, see Mr Big (Joe, who happened to be past his career? Peschi) kidnapped one of the kids he was friends with, making a thumb rifle and in another moment of violence seemingly random, make fire on everything that moves. A final moment I will mention is when MJ is surrounded by Mr Big and his private army. Seriously, this man has dozens of people working for him, and they are more like commando units, rather than gangsters, what I think they are. How's he going? Why does he turn into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. This is the third of four transformations he makes, almost always when he is cornered and / or at stake. <br /> <br /> This movie is pretty surreal, with little in the way of plot, and virtually no continuity.
