Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big Michael Jackson fan, I grew up with his music. Thriller was actually the first music video I've ever seen. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like a God to people, a time when women were seeing him before he was seen, ma'am. Michael. But Moonwalker was a tribute to all Michael's success of the time he released his famous Bad album that broke the record. The first album has 6 top ten singles. Michael is an amazing artist, there is no doubt he is writing, singing, dancing, but when it comes to acting or keeping a story straight with his audience? Not so much. <br /> <br /> We're pretty simple: Jackson's music, life, career, success, and the craze that was the 80th star in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 30-year-old gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect the children. When Jackson was allowed to be close to children, we cut him off to play with the kids and their dog in a field. The dog walks away, and in search of it, Jackson and the children uncover the Mr. Big, Frankie Lideo, a drug dealer with an army of henchmen who wants to get the whole population of planet earth addicted to drugs, starts with the kids. Mr. Big discover Jackson and the kids, but they escape; Jackson tells the kids to meet him at Club 30's, which is evident from a ghost club left since the 1930s. The story goes back to the attack on Jackson, and here it is revealed that Jackson is actually a magical gunman shooting his power of stars. As one goes through the club, Jackson transforms into a sports car and carries out several of Mr. Big's henchmen. The story picks up on the kids at Club 30's, and the kids are scared, but if Jackson changes the frightening atmosphere of the club, the children are returning in the 1930s. The club is now filled with animal devices and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance-down with other club members, serving as the music video for "Smooth Criminal". At the height of the song, Mr Big lays a siege on the club and kidnaps one of the children, Katie. Jackson follows them back to Big's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big appears and mentally torture Jackson by threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive drugs. While Katie managed to grab just Joe Pesci's glasses and get free to be injected, Big that he had enough and ordered his men to kill Katie before finishing Jackson, but not before a shooter flew. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all Mr. Big's soldiers. Yup, ummm, do you want more strangeness? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> The first half hour of the Moonwalker is because Michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him again. Is it mostly to prevent his album? Yes, I love how he spent the first 25 minutes how wonderful he is, then we go to his song "Leave Me Alone", which is very mysterious, not that it is not a good song, just a small event. Then the story is incredibly weak. The villain speaks his name aloud while Michael and Katie spy on him. Lol, Michael is a transformer. Suddenly the villain's big monster plan is to make children. how? The villain also has a kind of massive jet gun that will make Marvin the Martense blush. But if there is one new thing that is incredible that the movie gives us, the new video is Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfection, it's choreography, it's the setting, it's the song, it's smooth style, Michael always goes above and beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a child, I still see it for pleasure to this day, but it's not the best movie, it's pretty stupid, but it's all good if you're also a Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
