SAPA at SEA is apparently a pun on a Gary Cooper movie, SOULS AT SEA. The title describes the lead actor Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. going on an ocean trip to relieve Ollie's nerves just to run into prisoner killer, Nick Grainger. As played by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is both amusing and cold, making him a fine foil for the boys' comic characters. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never stares at the boys, a tribute to Stan and Ollie's tempting charisma. This is what it should be, as the boys should be the main players in this movie. <br /> <br /> It's the charm of Laurel and Hardy's personas that elevate the average material. For SAPS SEA, it has slow patches. For example, as a previous commentator remarked, a little where a doctor (James Finlayson, a refreshing James) is losing a balloon called "lung tester" at Ollie, a punch. The scenario is very episodic, with the first part taking place in the Boys apartment, almost completely unrelated to the second part where they go to the sea. But overall, the film is very enjoyable entertainment with a short time so it doesn't come out. <br /> <br /> There is some detail that looks at the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and producer. Hal Roach. I haven't seen Laurel and Hardy's post-1940 movies, but those I saw don't even measure the worst Hal Roach products. In this later movie, Laurel and Hardy are in a strange setting, deprived of such colorful supportive players as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and LeRoy Shield's strong musical scores. They are also not the well-meaning and optimistic bumblers we know and love, but in later movies they are exaggerated blocks or pathetic errors. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are now generally not available to the public. Even in a small entry like SAPS AT SEA, one can see that Laurel and Hardy were good comedians. This was because Hal Roach had for the most part allowed Stan Laurel, the leading force behind the team, to complete artistic freedom. Once Laurel lost his autonomy to other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
