It's my third comment here to join two legendary movie comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The commitment here is the year 1940. This is the date the former had their last movie of their old home studio from Hal Roach. I will later mention the meaning of the latter. In addition to the last time Stan and Ollie worked on the Lot of Fun, it is also the last time they will appear with such well-known supporting players such as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appear in most of their films. It is also the last time Art Lloyd will serve their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who have compiled their theme song that will be known as "The Cuckoo Song (Dance of the Cuckoos)" - their score. And this will be the last time Stan Laurel is allowed to exercise creative control over what is going on film. If there is a more gag-loaded structure in this L&H film, it is nice to know that most gags are indeed funny. This includes most of the audio and visual effects provided by Roach staff Roy Seawright. In this one Ollie worked on "hornophobia" from a noisy horn factory, so dr. Finlayson prescribes going out for his rest. Ollie doesn't like to go on a boat, so Stan suggests that they only rent one that is rented so they don't have to go. After finding one they find, we find out that conviction Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I will stop there and say it was such a final for L & H's home where we could have waited long ago. It is hilarious mostly from start to finish and knowing it will be their last for the man who is partly responsible for their teamwork is indeed offensive if one thinks of it. Oh, and I still have a few things to say: this is the last movie appearance of both Harry Bernard, who plays a harbor patrol after meeting Stan and Ollie as a policeman, and that of Ben Turpin, the cross-eyecatcher who was born in New Orleans, a few hours away from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second L&H appearance earlier married the boys in our wife. The latter has a real comic moment. Well, I mentioned that 1940 is the year. Stan and Ollie released their last movie from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a comedy team, both born in New Jersey state, would make their first photograph at what their home studio, Universal, would be. The director of that movie will be the same that led L & H in The Flying Deuces last year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. It was during this filming that the script supervisor Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident with a rolled up mat. This incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send her roses to her hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until 1957 in Babes's death.
