It follows BLOCK-HEADS and a clod at OXFORD, two movies that are hard to beat. Not that the SAPS at SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (unless one insists that JITTERBUGS or other later films) have made Laurel & Hardy. It's just that it's a small movie without the crazy destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the astonishing sight of Stan's "real" personality in a OXFORD SALE to enjoy. At 57 minutes it is shorter than the other two rolls a bit, but it's not really a bad point. It only has enough time to save the correct notes. It's just not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory manufacturing horns. I suspect there was some Chaplin influence in this order (one reminiscent of a similar constituent incident in MODERN TIMES only four years earlier). Ollie's nerves eventually snap, and he goes on a rampage. He goes home and (of course) helps his roommate Stan - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have it - a trombone). After the poor professor was beaten, Ollie had problems with the incompetent caretaker / engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice short look), and then faced with his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nervous tester (a balloon that inflates when you air air Ollie's stomach). Finleyson announces that this is a bad case of "horniphobia", and Ollie needs a holiday with very quiet and goat's milk. They eventually arrive at a ship, but Ollie and Stan don't know anything about seamanship - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat cuts the rope until it breaks and the ship sails. Unfortunately, on board is Richard Cramer, an escaped dangerous criminal. It won't be a quiet holiday. <br /> <br /> SAPD AT SEA (like a clod) could have been three shorts, one in the factory, one at the apartment and one on the boat. Everyone would have been a successful short, and they all make a funny movie - but the stitching of the parts shows up. There are a few very amusing moments in the film - the discoveries of Turpin's clumsiness with various crashes with water taps and stoves in the apartment; The incidental remarks of building manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie drive past him and ask for directions ("Can you help me find the basement?" Asks Stan - "Certainly, you can't miss it - it's under!" says Hall, who realizes what a stupid remark he just made); and Cramer's abuse of his two hostage slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (a reference to the dean brothers of the St. Louis cardinals of the 1930s - see Dan Dailey's THE PRIDE OF ST. LOUIS). Cramer has the boys to cook for him - and they make a synthetic meal (for example, spaghetti butterfly) to get him sick to be overpowered. When he realizes what they have done, he forces them to eat the meal themselves. Their reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not equal to the top line of Laurel & Hardy movies, but it is a great film about the whole and a good ending to the best years of their film career (1927 - 1940) when they were at Hal Roach. In the immediate few years before it appeared, the boys and Roach had serious problems with production costs (WE RELATIONSHIPS, where Stan was produced on the film), artistic problems (scenes of SWISS MISS without meaning cut) and contractual arguments (leading to Ollie appears with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie came back with THE FLYING DEUCES, in which the production was not Roach's, but Boris Morros. Eventually, a two-photo deal from A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and on a high note the boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they never found a subsequent movie relationship with a producer satisfactory.
