Spider-Man is, in my opinion, the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. Although it may be a bit easy, you have to play it several times to get all the costumes and cartoon cushions, which makes it easy to get through the game. It may be difficult to control first, but once you hit it, you will be like Spider-Man himself. <br /> <br /> The bosses, while the levels are slightly easy, are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which is not the case, as, as fans of the comic books know, Scorpion is one of Spider Man's deadly villains. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, who in my opinion is the easiest boss in the game, who definitely shouldn't be. The 4th boss is again poison. This time he is a little harder to beat, but still easy. The 5th boss is Mysterio, which I think is the funniest boss to fight in the game. He is also one of the harder bosses, but again, quite reasonably easy. Next boss is Carnage, which is what you guess, easy to beat. But Carnage is actually nice to fight. 7th boss is Doctor Octopus, who, like all the other bosses, is easy, but not as easy as the other, because he has a shield. The eighth and last boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic book or cartoon. I won't spoil it for those of you who didn't play the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game that isn't too easy. Tried me 4 or 5 to beat while the other I beat on the first or second three. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very good game. I gave it an 8 out of 10. The reason I didn't give it 9 or 10 is that once you've got all the costumes and comics, it gets boring. It's not very accurate according to the comics or cartoon program, the bosses are too easy, and they had to use Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss. I think it would be fun to fight someone flying in the air. ! They also didn't use them in the sequel to this game! Well, the Green Goblin is the villain in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they will make a video game based on the movie.
