Jacknife is a war film that is just as far from the war as war movies. It cannot be classified as a war movie, because the only way any war has an impact on the story or the characters is in their memories, and even this is hardly ever shown to us. It raises many interesting questions about life, especially in the way the film's tagline says that only one of them is really alive (and incidentally, though the tagline only refers to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) it is going about all three characters in the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs came back to Dave for a fishing trip they planned for much longer than you might guess. <br /> <br /> DeNiro offers a perfect performance of the character of Megs, which we are not really sure if we want or if he really is like nuts as Martha thinks he is. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not his friend, just someone he knows. There is a big scene early in the movie where Megs went out to grab a six pack of beer from his car for breakfast, and he's just around the corner when Dave says it. Megs waits for a moment and then goes into the room with a smile and a big greeting. It was only later that you realized how Megs felt when he heard it, because he was the one to remember what they were planning to do on this day. It reminds me of the fake of the old, 'Sure, let's do it', which people often say to each other, never have any plans to do such things. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris delivers a great performance as Dave, who never had the effects of the war on him. Even so many years later, he did not succeed in killing a friend during the war, blaming himself to this day, dropping his life into alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is that people should leave him alone. It is not a man who lives his life the way he wants, whether people leave him or her or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he lives, to free him as much as possible from the world of life to make. br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least in terms of my roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old, and both act as they still live with their mothers, expecting their knives to get away when they leave the room for a while. One in particular (the older, unfortunately enough), has absolutely no idea how to care for himself, I'm surprised I shouldn't wipe his chin while eating. Martha has to do the same for her brother, who she waits on her hand and foot as he stumbles through life from one runner to the next. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and none of them can get out of it until something big changes, and Dave is the one to do the change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about novels in movies where it just doesn't belong to as much as Roger Ebert complains about those pathetic little voltage devices, the red digital readout. But in this case, I don't think the romance that developed between Megs and Martha had any negative impact on the rest of the movie. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic subplots in Bruckheimer movies and what is not, is that they are so predictable that you are just waiting for the obvious end to come and hope there is something interesting along the way. In this case, however, it is not so clear that something will happen between Megs and Martha, because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha can be right over him, that he is one of Dave's crazy war friends and that he is not the kind of man she should date. Dave definitely encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) A few years after this movie DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he played a stray criminal from the revenge against the attorney who ended up in jail, a character that in retrospect it makes it pretty easy to think that maybe at the end of Jacknife Martha her mistake, Megs gets rid of and she and Dave make up because he saves her from a terrible relationship and then he decides to clear his act because he something good has done for her. I half expected this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs got together and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs Dave asked all the questions about what they were planning to do after the war was over. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it's a slow moving drama, but Jacknife is entertaining along the way and has a huge payout at the end, which is managed incredibly without being cheese. There is an almost redundant emotion at the end of the movie that hardly fits into the rest of the movie, but it's so good that it doesn't double what the movie has reached up to that point. Everyone involved gives a great performance, and it's one of those rare movies that just makes you want to get up and shake your fists in the air.
