The combination of reading the Novella and reading this movie inspired my wife and I on new levels. Recently, I made a statement by artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books; He said: "You and I were not designed to catch up with the five-hour-high-speed air. I don't even think God had in mind the banal television programs, media hype, worthless purchases and soul pollution when he created the universe. "I haven't seen a river through a river for a few years, but after considering Kinkade's theorem I saw myself watching the movie with a spiritual eye. I watched it and a Seeing the whole new world after the movie inspired me to read the book (a must read), I have always been frustrated in Southern California but somehow caught up in its materialistic society. Really in perspective of how we really need to experience God's creations A combination of Maclean's story and my desire to move back to the northwest has driven me to move to Montana, and I want my future children to be able to the landscape too romer, with my flying fly, horses riding in nothing else s as open land and tranquil lakes in the mountain. A place where you seldom worry about crime. I look around SoCal and all I see are shopping malls, rude people in their Mercedez Bens, miles of vehicles on overloaded highways, gangs, racial unrest on the verge of violent eruptions, and all skeptical of each other's intent. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the movie is very inspiring with brilliant acting and a deep story about the fragile connections of loved ones. There is a lot of deep thinking in this movie. The scenery is worth seeing alone and really helps stress. You need to relax this movie, but full of insights into your own life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to really understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of theater and how a director reaches his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, landscape, camera angles / movement, etc. Then this movie is probably not for the crowd who think "The Fast and The Furious" is the biggest movie. Granted it was entertaining but level. <br /> <br /> The bottom line: This movie helps to realize that life is not about how much money you have or you own. Rather, it's about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share with one another. QUALITY IS NOT QAUNTITY
