'The Italian' is one of the big or almost large films of 1915 available today. The year was a turning point for the film, especially in America: Lois Weber's "Hypocrites", Cecil B. DeMille's "The Cheat" and, of course, D.W. Griffith's 'The Birth of a Nation' sets new benchmarks for art. In addition, Russian film maker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best photos that year, 'After Death' and 'Daydreams'. The French series 'Les Vampires' today also has its admirers, although I disagree. The rise of the long film was led by Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy, but domination of this market and to some extent the art shifted across the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most exaggerated artistic performance of 'The Italian' is its beautiful and often innovative cinematography. There are some scenic sunsets, mobile frames, including a short, angular shot of Italian racing to buy a wedding ring and another shot of him sitting on a moving car. In general, sensible use of varied camera angles and expert lighting throughout. A special shot is a close-up of the Italian angry as he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme close-up, referring to D.W. Griffith's "Musketeers of Pig Alley" (1912). He made his environment so furious, even shaking his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the filmmaker seems to be unknown. The director, although originally without credit in the film, is now known as Reginald Barker. Five or so of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but are quite unbeatable. 'Civilization' (1916), on which he worked, was a great production, but a deeply flawed film. By the way, I would guess that one or more of the different movie artists who worked on Civilization also photographed "The Italian". <br /> <br /> The whole production is very advanced. Venice and New York are well served, despite the film being shot in Los Angeles (for romantic Venice) and San Francisco (for New York's ethnic slums). There are extensive flashbacks, though perhaps one or two too many. I especially like the clever formation of the story than reading in a book by a character played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the lead in the inner main story. Reading the story is further briefly suggested by the opening at the beginning and closing at the end of the curtain drapes, à la theater, which is reflected within the inner story during the revenge climb in the child's room, with the opening and closing of venstergordyne. Parallel editing, in-camera decomposition and irises and such are expertly handled. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams play well as his wife. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the Italian has some disadvantages. The film's early moments of comedy clash with the last parts of hard and heavy melodrama, although the environmental changes from romantic Italy to naturalistic New York work well, mostly because it is supported by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film, enhanced by the sharp photography, had to have been for the immigrant lessons that had an excessive population of the film public. The Corrigan character had to be put forward more; his brief introduction to fighting for another politician seems insufficient for his later centrality towards Italian revenge. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naive or indifferent not to explain the baby's lack of baby nutrition and the unjustified belief in the healing powers of silence for the other child. Apart from the shortcomings in the plot, "The Italian" was made extremely well.
