Have you seen the Graduate? It was welcomed as the film of his generation. But a river runs through This is the story of all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character wrapped everything in the fall of the modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul experienced the same pressure when trying to find their place in the world. But how can a place like WW1 Montana be a showcase for the American family, at a time when the Wild West was not completely gone? Just what did Maclean do in it, so deeply on who we all are and what we need to break through to find ourselves? As the movie opens, Norman is an old man, fly fishing next to a rush, and trying to understand the course that took his own life. The film is literally a journey through its own stream of consciousness, at the present time and back to when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the children of a Presbyterian minister and devoted mother. The parents fit well in their roles. Mom takes care of home and home. Dad does the work of the Lord. The boys think about what they will be when they grow up. Normally, it shrank down to a boxer or a minister like his father. Given the choice, little Paul will be the boxer, as he has said his first choice of pro-pilot does not even exist. The boys grow up and become in trouble with their pranks, fighting to see who is stricter and doing what brothers do, attending church all the time and participating in all other spiritual matters such as fly fishing. They are on similar points in their lives before college. But when his six-year-old returns to Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master fly fisherman. Grad from a nearby college and newspaper reporter who knows every policeman and judge at the bank. Norman is wonderfully well educated for his day, but has little idea what to do with his life, even as his father grieved him about what he was planning to do. You felt that you would call at least Pops, God would call you to your life's work. But you must be open and ready to receive it - your whole life. Father always took his sons to think of the side of the river and consider God's eternal words. Listen, urge their dad. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for a stoic minister. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and though the Macleans really are a God-fearing, obedient household, how is it that reveals Maclean's family? Paul is true perfection while fishing the river, but he feels a drop of gambling and spitting, while his family doesn't know how to keep him from the liquidation he seems to be. Mom, Dad and Brother all have the same despair not to know what to do and why they can't help. Pauly just throws it off with a smile and his irresistible charm. But the junior brother lost his grip. Norman is beginning to find his life on track, finding love and career, but Paul continues to slip. The family who loves him looks helplessly. Mother, Father, brother flounder in their own ways to help, but not very effectively. How can a family who love so much be so poorly equipped to handle it? How can someone be so gracious and full of grace if it is in God's nature, yet is somehow incompetent or unwilling to fit into the compilations of the society that God's people have made for themselves? These are all questions Norman will consider throughout his life. The eternal words among the smooth stones of the river haunt him forever, but keep their secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. It is definitely God's land, and its filming has won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays the story from the book and bothered the story a little to follow the emotional pattern he offers, and it works well. But go back and read the book as well. You will see that Norman has connections with his old man, even deeper than the movie can imagine - and you will see the places where the narrator's many words gargle and sing right of the page with an exuberance of a river flowing through it. walking, leading to the unknown.
