I read the short story by Norman Maclean, and the film did justice to Norman Maclean's writing. My husband tends to read it from time to time, and I read it myself and plays the movie on my head. We have videos of many of Redford's movies and we watched a river run continuously "many times. Redford is part of the" family family "as he is always around. We never get tired of Redford's perception of Norman Maclean writings, and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me a lot of my own education, since my father had the same calling as Maclean's father. According to a river running through it, "Methodists are Baptists who can read, "a line that isn't incidentally in the short story, but I think it's a funny line! My husband and I are well-read Baptist! <br /> <br /> I've heard a movie critic that the pace This movie is too slow, I disagree, as one search for inner peace, it is the type of movie that will reflect on the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome, which is excellent photography! The acting is great, I love the scene where Norman and Paul talked and wondered as boys whether one can be a fly fisherman or a boxer! When adult Paul played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven), the "perfect guy" needs help with his alcoholism, but won't accept it. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait, he also needs help, but won't assume he needs help. The scene where Paul refuses to eat oats and the whole family must wait for eternity to say grace! Eventually they all kneel around the table to say, "Grace!" and they all leave. But the oatmeal stayed on the plate! That scene where the two love birds and their tattoos are posteriors! It's funny! The sunburn! The drive back home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go by train! Beautiful dialogue when Norman Jessie suggests he wants her to come with him with Chicago! <br /> <br /> Redford itself does a great job as a narrator. I couldn't stop comparing Brad to the young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The nominated Director, Producer, Actor, is a visionary who deserves praise for his progress, not only in the US film but across the globe. I'm happy to live nineteen hundred because I've seen the beginning of the black and white television, the movies and all the technology and special effects to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford because I have the had a chance to see his works. Redford does not need any special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means the line that separates life from death, memories and realities. Redford shows the hands of the Creator so wonderful and a river runs through it.
