Coonskin can be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. Like the best of his work, it's in your face and not ashamed for a moment, but unlike some of his other work (though he is at his best, who was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards ) It is not much uneven, despite appearances to the contrary. Of course, Bakshi takes on stereotypes and perceptions of race, but he also turns out to be a voluntary exploitation rock. blaxploitation almost, even though Bakshi doesn't stop there. If it were just a beating movie with inventive animation, it could be enough for a significant feature. But Bakshi's goals are higher: it casts out these grotesque and exaggerated images of not only black people, but Italians / mafioso, homosexuals, Jews, overall New York types in the urban quarter of Manhattan in the 70's, he's not busy To do something not realistic. The most normally sought-after creation in a signed 'right' is a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> To spot these stereotypes and conventions and horrendous forms of racism (that is, the tarry baby, baby "joke, yes joke, plus black face"), we look at abstraction to a great degree And best of all, Bakshi doesn't take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a movie like Bamboozled, in delivering his message, so Coonskin is mostly a hilarious piece of work, with some of the images and things done and suddenly turned and of course scenes of uncomfortable behavior (I had the scene where the three animated characters are spoken at the real white couple in Tux and dress like a "colorful" and so on), is just too much to Not just laughing, it's not just the images that in themselves are incredibly "stylized", but the script is sharp and this is the key for Bakshi this time, as it is a fairly coherent story about improvisations and madness. <br /> <br /> With the first live action, then an imitation, and then an extremely clever match of the two (ironically, which Bakshi later went into commercial form with Cool World, is here done to a T with less money. and a rough edge, Pappy and Randy wait outside a prison wall for a friend to escape, and Pappy tells of the story of the Brother Rabbit who goes with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox to Harlem and become grandmothers. in direct contrast to a Jabba-de-hut-esquire Godfather character. Of course, this is a discount on Song of the South with its deliberately happy plot and animation, set apart and shown to how rotten and offensive it really is. <br /> <br /> But Bakshi is going to break. in combination of shapes; animated characters stand behind and move with live action backgrounds; when violence and gunshots and fights occur, it's as bloody as it can get for 1975; when a dirty policeman is at a bar and is drug-fed and in black face and dress, he goes in a way that can't even reach Disney with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent, as the climax is filmed in a slow slow motion; Archive material comes from old movies from time to time, some and some of the 20's just tasteless. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, more recently, South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin functions as entertainment first and then thought provocation second. It is also on an independent scale, boring film making; everything from the long run to the montage and the endless twisted designs for the characters (although all based on the theme of the piece) all serve the idea in the script, where his B-movie opens much more for interpretation. To name it racist, miss the point; It's like dr. Strangelove pro-atomic destruction or Confederate States of America pro-slavery. And for me this is one of the best satires ever made.
