After finally watching Walt Disney's Song of the South on myspace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's response to the movie Coonskin-on Afro Video linked from Google Video. In this one, during the live sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years before he added Michael for his middle name professionally) as the latter two escape from prison. During their effort, Pappy Randy tells a story of Brother Rabbit (Thomas's voice), Brother Bear (White), and Preacher Fox (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a mixture of animation and live action that offers a unique perspective of the author / director who will surely offend people. Another fascinating animated character is Miss America, which is so big in every way - in white women, in white red, white and blue stars and stripes that a little black man holds and shot in one. of the most sexually violent ways shockingly funny to me! There are lots of such scenes sprinkled by the picture of which one of Brother Bear's foremost anatomy also laughed at me. There is also a segment of a woman telling her baby about a "cockroach" that his friends left behind that part of that part, which apparently was a tribute to cartoonist George Herriman. I was also fascinated to hear that Grover Washington Jr. The version of "Is not No Sunshine" was heard as part of the score. The most compelling part of the picture was to see how the Scatman himself portrayed his head in silhouette during the opening credit line that sings and screams for a song that uses the N word in a satirical way. When I saw a VHS cover of this movie years ago, it suggested Brother Rabbit in the bad mode who appeared in front of the Warner circles with the slogan: "This movie will insult ALL." It is enough warning to anyone who thinks that all cartoons for children are meant. That said, I definitely recommend Coonskin to fans of Bakshi and of every form of animation.
