A wonderful realization occurs when a kind of phenomenon occurs !! Whether it be, rockets go down, see a robbery, a hurricane that destroys everything unnecessarily in the road, or anyway, any other spectacular look! However, in the case of the Maclean family, reveille was nothing more complicated than their daily lives. MONTANA in the early twentieth century was a rough and clumsy environment. The Maclean family consists of four people, the father, a minister, who was driven ideologically to properly raise his family. His wife was God who was fearful and conscientious. The two boys were, well ... boys !! What else can you say? Brad Pitt played in this movie before he really DOES !! Brad Pitt, and his acting performance in this movie, was at least remarkable !!! His brother, Norman, was the cerebral type, he was touched by emotions that were really and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agreed! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a criminal of the set-off and remained on the brink. You'd think that Montana didn't have such a thing in the 1920s, but somehow gambling, drinking and violent confrontations were so much part of Paul, like his fly fishing! Fly Fishing !! Did I say this? This was the essence of this movie's theme !! The fly fishing recreational fishing served as the cohesive bond that the Maclean brothers' genitals, and to a lesser extent, the father !! I would describe the play in this film as incredibly credible, and the movies went further. Say it so, anyone who sees this movie will want to stay in Montana. Breathtaking filmography of blue and blue mountains and streams, captured the youth. and spoil the Maclean brothers for life. Rare in a movie you see how feelings instantly apply a dogged determination to achieve whatever it is that someone wants to achieve. The Maclean brothers lived life to the full and better or worse, the father knew it would be the only way the two men could become !! ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells the story of Maclean's by older brother Norman's perspective Norman gets a position at the University of Chicago at the age of 26. He married the woman that he would always fall in love. What this film also shows is that the younger brother, Paul, achieved a performance. nt of its own by being the hallmark of a remarkable fly fishing !! The sea-animal side of life rules the existence of the younger brother and has a boring form of dismay for the Maclean family! As most human shortcomings go, the Maclean family has made light turbulent waters (literally) and therefore unity as a family, putting on the necessary blinds! <br /> <br /> The end of the movie "River Run Through It" presents an epigram of life through the eyes of the older brother. For Norman Maclean, Stoics is a prerequisite for perseverance in his emeritus years !! Such a fate is largely due to the fact that considering his life is reflected in longing for people who have died! The good memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father must now be viewed philosophically !! For Norman, his life was banned from stubborn facts that dictated his dubious outlook, and uncertainty! Something as simple as the statement "It was your life, and that's how you lived it" is a bleak reminder of the joy, the sadness, the regret, and the love he gave, as well as the recipient of! The best thing in the last sermon he heard his father give, his father said, "We can love someone completely without understanding them completely." Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it did! Norman Maclean must get the fact that his life is fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become a deadly oogenic that is polarized by virtual conclusions in his life !! The twilight waters of Montana's picturesque rivers serve as a vicious and restorative finalization to its years on earth! Without a doubt, the very productive statement of "what looks complicated is really very simple" makes a very unrelenting message in this movie ... More simply put ... The people and places that were important in Norman's life are just now a bittersweet memory .... just a painful intellectual recognition of events worsened by the haunting waters of Montana's beautiful streams and rivers. To which, for the whole Maclean family, "mix everything in one and a river runs through it"
