There is a legion Mick Garris haters out there who feels he can't lead a quality horror movie if he had to do it. And, SLEEPWALKERS (.. script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I like SLEEPWALKERS, although I'm quite aware that Garris only says F # ck and lets hell break about in the movie for about fifteen minutes. Forget character or plot development, which they need anyway. It's about violent chaos and bloody massacre as a mother and son, a "sleepwalker". (Cats sucking the life of the virgin out of the virgin innocent, moving from town to village, living a nomadic existence, truly powerful) attractions on a teenager who does not surrender without a fight. Before everything is said and done, many will be slaughtered, as a mother will not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris wastes little time relieving those who need to be educated as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), all American charmer Charles Brady (Brian Krause) is quite different from what he claimed. He got his hand off and his neck tore. Charles attracts beautiful virgins in his arms and draws their energy, in turn, "feeds" his hungry mom, Mary (Alice Krige). The new goal is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and she seems to be easy pickens, but that won't be the case and when Charles is seriously injured in a fight (thanks to a deputy's cat, Clovis) , Mary's revenge will be brought to everyone who gets her way. Mary, hell or high water, will recover Tanya for the purpose of refreshing her dying son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I loved some actresses I watched in movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I was hit with Mädchen Amick. She is only rich in this movie and I love how she bites her lower lip, which shows a clear attraction to Charles, unaware of his appearance motives. I just knew that Mädchen Amick was destined to be a royal queen, but that would never be the case. Bad because I would welcome her in the genre with open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige is nice like the threatening, damn sexy but fierce and mean bitch who wipes a whole police force and poor Tanya's parents. in less than ten minutes. She stabbed one in the back with a maize cup! She stabbed the fingers of poor Ron Perlman before clipping his arm (.. a leg protruding), with his own elbow with his unconscious knock! She threw Tanya's mother through a window after she broke a vase of roses over her father's face! A deputy is stabbed by Charles (Cop-kebab!) In his ear, and falls on the pencil for added impact. Poor Tanya is dragged by her hair from her home by Mary, driven to the Brady House and forced into an impromptu dance with the lame monster! The sheriff is tossed on a poster fence and we see cats fighting the sleepwalkers as opposed to humans. We see Mary and Charles's ability to "dull" themselves and his car and use a power of invisibility. Author Stephen King even finds time to include himself and his horror director friends in a crime scene series with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensic officers, Joe Dante and John Landis as photo experts. <br /> <br /> The movie is shot in a tongue-in-the-cheek, leaving it-all-hang-out way with music properly hammering this technique home. It's about the ultra-violence, just like that, with some confused behavior and stern humor that complements Garris's direction and King's script. The staggering corner of the sleepwalkers is a little frightened and in your face. Without a leak of complexity, it is closer to the King's own demented MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE than its more serious work.
