Batman and Superman. Iconic. The better part of a century old. Who doesn't know about these two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora continued and compiled a trailer for such a film (which does not exist and is not created much less by this team). Perhaps that is what matters most, how polished it is. Throughout, cinematography is solid. The editing is spot-on. The production values, even with the costumes that look more like their comic counterparts than those of feature films with this character, are quite high. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. The physical types fit as far as I can tell each character. The lines are fairly written. The shots are well thought out, beautifully achieved and reasonably effective. However, it has problems, and despite its good looks, it's not quite the same as Grayson's energy and skill (which just had the problem of getting too much to and fro between a short and a trailer). as unbridled passion that leads to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). The acting may be the clearest. It's not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or hardly appear on the screen fail to deliver a good performance. The actors being thrown into the parts seem to be more picked for how much they look like the characters they play as their talent. Then there is the writing. Really, the plot, well, what minimal amount there is (this and this character team, something about an evil plot ...) is good. There is a problem in characterization. While most characters seem to fit, Two-Face is good, about as much as a fussy (which is simple, as far as I understand, not what the character is) as he was in Batman Forever. depicting the Batman universe compared to Joel Schumacher's efforts can be seen as the biggest insult to a fan). It will also cause comparisons between this fan and that movie (honestly, Collora is almost * begging * for that with such a similar initial revelation), and let's face it, it loses in every respect. Michael Antonik certainly does not have the screen presence that Tommy Lee Jones does, and the makeup (which is essential in the aforementioned) is not as strong as that of the movie (whether it was good or not film is a other matter). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) looks much more in the comics and they get the depth of them better (not to mention the ability to get a compelling plot. Grayson has enough materials for a half-lecturer, or more), Collora seems to be one with access to funds and one more likely to have contacts (due to the fact that he has non-indie credits on his filmography) get a shot to make a real feature out of his trailer. I plan to look at others from Collora's work. But Fiorella is one of the two whose work I'm most interested in. I recommend it to fans of the characters. 10/07
