I heard about this movie when I watch VH1's "100 Most Metal Moments". On the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a comedy) and several other interviews discussed how terribly this movie is. Unlike most people, I'm often more curious to watch movies that have reputations to be ridiculously bad as a masterpiece of the theater. The advantage of that kind of attitude is half the time I find out that the movies are nowhere as bad as people said, and I enjoy them much more than I initially expected. This was my experience with "Trick or Treat." Now it's hard to make a movie about a teenage boy who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star playing back one of his vintage records, without haunting people in the foreground. Certainly, this is definitely a strange point of departure, but one that has never been done before! Give the filmmakers points for originality for Pete's sake! If you want to buy the DVD, without prior knowledge of the movie, don't be fooled into thinking Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. Although Simmons has an ungrateful role, Ozzy does have a funny cameo as an honor (that's right, an honor!) That speaks against heavy metal. For one thing, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And for another thing, you can't help but laugh at the irony. Sure, it's a cheap shot, but an effective one. The acting is pretty good. I found the shows convincing. The teenage characters are terribly clicked. So expect the usual variety of jocks and nerds. And as in each of these movies, the pretty girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the estranged main character, but continues with her jock boyfriend. Why is she going out with such a complete jerk in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can't deny that one of my guilty genotypes is watching the evil jocks in these movies go down, as I've wiped out in high school. The film kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is too conventional and made my eyes roll because there would be one predictable situation after another. But the movie is not bad at all and is definitely worth watching on a rainy day. (7 out of 10)
