Undoubtedly, the best heavy metal horror item has been made in the manic headbangin '80s, which obviously does not give much consideration to the many other entries in these strange horror movie sub-genres such as Hard Rock Zombies, Blood Tracks, "Terror on Tour" and the Particularly ungodly Jon-Mik Thor star stinker "Rock'n'Roll Nightmare" tended to be, and this one still deserves props to defend the excessive squatter and unnecessary flashing special f / x-razzle blinds in favor of the focus on adolescent high school characters depicted with greater sharpness and plausibility as the norm for a mid-80s teenage-targeted scarefest. stiffs who claim to be the devil's music are very clever and funny (known as Greed Decade heavy meta l god Ozzy Osbourne has a hilarious bit like a smarmy anti-metal TV evangelist!). <br /> <br /> Marc Price (the hopeless dweeby Skippy at Family Stakes) gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance as Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, a geeky, socially uncomfortable and heavily persecuted heavy metal aficionado who is constantly stuffed by the prick bulls are picked, which make up the majority of the student body at Lakeridge High School (the cruelty and meanness of high school children are nailed with painfully credible accuracy). Eddie's life takes a turn for the worst when his rock star idol Sammi Curr (an impressive elaborate depiction of Tony Fields) lapses into a hotel fire. Hip local disc jockey Nuke (KISS foreman Gene Simmons in a cool como) hooks Eddie up with Sammi's final, unpublished album, which, when played backwards, revives Curr's malicious spirit from death again. Sammi encourages Eddie to make him all the dirty songs that make Eddie's life the proverbial living hell, just that gentle Eddie is a reluctant accomplice. It is up to Eddie, assisted by the token, nice girl Leslie Graham (set up by beautiful Lisa Orgolini), to stop Sammi before things go out. <br /> <br /> Stay tuned with commendable thoughtfulness and sensitivity by character actor Charles Martin Smith (who also appears briefly as a nursery school teacher), cleverly written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson, and Rhet Topham, and with a uniform acted up and down. with a handful of solid "jump" moments (an outrageous backstage of a car through grotesque lecherous long-tongue mutant dingy rates as the definite highlight), an exciting Carrie-style high school dance pass rate, neatly designated Halloween setting, vengeance is shown correctly as a really ugly undertaking and a solid central message that you are not a specific person who is over-hypocritical, must make your hero strict, due to the calculated anti-settling what has been said is that special status.
