The best film in the battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836, was John Wayne's 1960s epic THE ALAMO. In a one-time work as a director producer, who temporarily stuck to him financially, Wayne demonstrated that he was talented in films beyond his iconic acting ability to personalize the West. <br /> <br /> I talked to the film In a review the other night, I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the author) tackled a few points barely in earlier films about the is called battle. They brought in the issue of slavery. They also eventually discussed the contribution of local Mexican owner Juan Seguin as a major leader in the Independence War, in line with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was one weakness (though well hidden) in the movie. Wayne worked hard to get it right and to think of many people for leading roles in it. But he did not properly handle the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an autopsy actor, Ruben Padilla (on his advice, his thread shows only three credits). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (even in Spanish). And while he is one of the last shots in the film, he is only shown as a silent tyrant who watches the Americans and their allies burn. <br /> <br /> Despite several poor choices in the decisive of this television movie (THE ALAMO: THIRD DAYS TO CLOTH), this is the best movie to show the man who, from 1836 to 1854, movie was for US policymakers. Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor. I was lucky to see him in a production (in the late 1980s) of ARMS AND THE MAN in Manhattan, such as Sergius. He was never boring and usually took the best course in his acting. <br /> <br /> Here we see the egoistic monster at its worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not suit Santa Anna's wishes or activities. It could be the failure of an orderly army to bring an item he asked quickly, or it could not collapse the alienation of these "strange brigands" (as he sees the Americans), " the Napoleon from the west. "<br /> <br /> Santa Anna was president or Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed that he was first involved in overthrowing a president because the president was not the country's constitution did, but it was the force that kept it going year after year. It is a sad comment that he was the leading Mexican historical figure in those two decades. No political figure or military figure will rise to ignore him until Benito Juarez did in the late 1850s. Initially he claims great liberal ideas, but he admitted that the people of Mexico were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before they could rule themselves (and so he sounds like Gilbert Roland speaks in CRISIS about the people he helped against Jose. Ferrer). The wonderful thing about him was he could come back. His policy was disaster. Knowing his attack on Texas (to put an uprising there), he also tried to expand to Guatemala (and probably controlled him from Central America). He won at the Alamo, but at great cost of life. His massacre of bull. Fannin's men at Goliad were inexcusable (one can make a case for the destruction of the defenders of the Alamo who were to the last fight, but Fannin surrendered). Then came the San Jacinto disaster, where his army was wiped out (he did not take adequate precautions to look at US troops). He was caught, humiliated and forced to sign a surrender of Texas. Houston was kind to him: the troops wanted to tie him up. <br /> <br /> Apart from losing a leg in 1838 to the French, he couldn't get hurt in most of his wars. He rejected the forced surrender of Texas, but could not make it unnecessarily military. Instead, he would defeat Mexico in the 1846-48 war against the Americans, which led to the Mexican session. The US was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15 million for the Suidwes, but Mexico lost half its territory. He will be president for the last time in 1853, to give Franklin Pierce's terrible bad administration, this is one moment of glory. Santa Anna sold the border of Arizona and New Mexico (the "Gadsden Purchase") to America. No other Mexican president (not even Porfirio Diaz) cost his country so much (Diaz sold foreign business interests, but he built Mexico's economic muscles). He was banned in 1855, and settled in Staten Island. There he managed to do his most creative work: he introduced the Chicle to the USA and it became chewing gum. Any performance! <br /> <br /> Julia's Santa Anna is younger than the trained cynic and dusk that America's best-selling agent has become. He is not going to stand up for opposition and he jumps in a moment of knowledge in angry tantrums. Most of the time, Col. Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British-born officer) kept his tongue - he didn't want to be in front of a firebox as he could be. But Stiers is secretly less than enchanted by his boss. In the end, when alone with the new widowed women of death Alamo defenders, Stiers suggests that they tell the world what Santa Anna really is. And they did it!
