I have to admit that I have always bothered to see an Antonioni movie from start to finish, and even for this one I have repeatedly looked at it in three parts. Eventually I realized that it was better because it forced me to stop thinking in the ordinary terms and just enjoying the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part looks much more fragmented, which is not a bad thing, it just takes more of an effort to follow. When it comes to the desert scenes, all efforts are fully refunded. The beautiful cinematography is just a part of it. What really makes everything unforgettable is how the landscape is made in an overwhelming presence, its silence and greatness, the feeling of sadness and freedom, the way it blends and contrasts with the two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less distant and strange than the urban scenes in the first part. The dance between the plane flying over and the girl's car makes for a series of good shots. The love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful, it's hard to predict this kind of approach from a movie of our time. Of course, there is something very attractive and studying about them, but at the same time they can express a sense of natural, spontaneous innocence that is very scarce today. It all feels loose and indescribable (thanks also to the underestimation), but it is the result of a manic attention to detail and form, which comes to its climax in the series of explosions at the end, a very enchanting sight. It just leaves you awe. <br /> <br /> I don't really care for the usual objections: boring - yes, that's if you want all movies to follow and pack a classic plot development. with action, but if all the theater was like this, it would be really boring and sad; pretentious - perhaps, but when that kind of ambition is linked to real skills, depth and style, pretentious is a compliment. The "political" criticism makes me feel the least, I do not see the point of approaching such a film as ideological blinds or worse, patriotic requirements. It only defeats the goal. Perhaps it is true that, like a previous commentator, Antonioni saw these young "hippies" and the politics of protests and riots with the police with the joy of a stranger, but I think it adds something rather than the harm film. It is not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at that time (think of the '68 protests, as in France), although they obviously differ from the American counterpart and in some ways even more militant. But his interest in this movie was not narrow politics. The events seem more than an excuse for a film whose appeal has a universal, timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack. This movie, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the oldest forerunners of the contemporary artsy music video, as well as the concept of a film soundtrack that will stand on its own, but unlike the former used music on a lot. more subtle way, mix it with the landscape rather than the action. <br /> <br /> If you want traditional narration in a movie, don't bother it. If you want to be dumb, be patient and you won't regret it.
