When this film was made, the hippie thing went mainstream. The ideas of the anti-culture were well established, so such a large film could be made. Yet it has something to say, and it is really beautifully said. Apart from those who are just waiting for the wacky material, this movie is highly rated for its beautiful scenes (which in itself are more than enough to watch the movie). The soundtrack of this film, which has become more popular than the movie itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd's "Careful with that ax Eugene" fits in well with the explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a quiet mood. But. The messages in this movie seem to have been overlooked by most. If you do not understand it, which seems to me the most, I will give you tips: The man (hard man, how is he-Mark?) Is part of a "reality group". He let this group say something like "I'm willing to die. But not boredom". He later goes with a stolen plane, with a stolen plane, likely to do something. While in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) is being played (I think). This song contains the phrase "Will we go you and I while we can", but it is not already heard in the movie. (Maybe it goes a bit too far, which means the quote is essential?) In the plane he looks at a girl (Daria), who drives a car to a conference (to give typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super relaxing place in the desert, where everything is so simple and fun. For the whole family!), Diving, almost hitting the car. He landed the plane and joined the girl on her way to Detroit. They stop at Zabriskie Point, where they enjoy each other as living creatures and nature. Later, a family with a big car (of the type in which you sleep) and a speed boat showed up to visit Zabriskie Point. The dad says something like "driving a garbage all over here" and the child is sitting inside the car, grinning. I felt a "it wasn't much better than on the telly" level. Daria takes Mark back to the plane now painted in a psychedelic style, with the identity number changing to "no war" on one side and "no words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark took the plane back to where he stole it, and told Daria before "doing nothing" or something, one of several tips on how he didn't care too much about his fate. (This is because he feels that the environment that cares doesn't give him anything. "I wonder what happens in the real world.") At the airport, he met police officers who shoot him, even though he just returned the plane . . Daria hears it on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the beautiful home. Here she felt after the adventures with her just murdered friend. She enjoys fresh water running down the pool. Inside the house, the viewer is again given a hint on anti-materialism. She looks out through a glass wall, holds her hands on the glass as she is trapped. The businessmen are seen, while one side is eager to make a big deal, the other scared to lose money. Daria leaves the house and looks back, visualizing it inflating. After the house several other things are blown up, for example a television. She smiled, fortunately she destroyed within herself something she considered negative after meeting with Mark. <br /> <br /> To summarize: Of course, Mark is experiencing the "reality group" as not very helpful, as they just sit and talk, take no action. He clearly has bad feelings that things are like them, and he seems to feel it is not being used to fight it. He wants to leave. He helps Daria, who is "in mind but not in action" see his point of view. Where his sense of misconduct appears to lead to his death, one can hope that Daria uses the ideas in a way that seems to be more constructive. In the film you see how a town (LA) is polluted by commercial (too bad you have to show the commercial to make the point), you see businessmen deciding what the future is, and so on, and you see people being unhappy. with these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I only saw the movie once, so I didn't catch all the points, but I definitely have a sense of what this movie has to say, and I find it strange that this film can be called meaningless. If you say the points are too obvious, I can see why, this movie probably intended to appeal to the posthippy radicals to dig out the thoughts of anti-settling. Even if it is a lot to say, and the message is still needed today, things change in the same direction as it did before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a very good movie, and tells a story about fairly normal young people (not past hippies struggling to dig around, digging everything). They are looking for what they see as real, dissatisfied with the conventional. And it's done in a really beautiful way.
