I said it was one of those "if you like or you hate it" movies. Well, I loved it. Clear hippie era, dated and easy symbolism and all. So, I probably didn't like it when it came to Antonioni, but it and La Notte (made exactly a decade earlier) are my favorites among his films so far. Two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point Michelangelo's great American epic had to be. But apparently it was a flop. I really can't see why. Before I watched it, I read that it was pretty boring, and I pushed myself for a very slow movie. For my taste, Zabriskie didn't have a boring minute in it. Looking at it, I made a sensible note of how European it was to use the director to use billboards so often in almost every urban scene, huge billboards that protrude any human form. This repetitive visual element is, of course, there to underline the way consumer power shatters the individual in American society. But then I immediately watched L'Eclisse, who was set in Rome in the early 60's, and noted that Antonioni also included billboards in it. The wonderful use of landscapes, architecture and lifeless objects in every frame with or without people is an Antonioni brand ?? this is exactly the way he calls his characters' psychological states, with more or less suppressed power and great visual impact. He is virtually unsurpassed in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point made two very attractive, which had become big stars of the 70's, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I have seen in Francesco Rosi's fine WWI series, Uomini Contro, had a very tragic life. He just turned 27 years old. According to his biography page, he donated his $ 60,000 income from Zabriskie to a congregation. Mark's co-star Daria Halprin, apparently also Dennis Hopper's wife, later has the beautiful natural beauty and appeal of a young Ornella Muti? one of those light beauty that doesn't need a blend of makeup to turn heads. Like Frechette, she only blessed a few obscure movies and has never become a star, but at least she has not died tragically. Mostly, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - one that gives a sense of youthful playfulness as little as I saw - as well as a powerful cathartic ending. It can be the most banal sequence ever filmed until its symbolism, but I can't see how anyone can deny his beauty and wonderful sense of emotional release. Never had an explosion looked so good, and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores order rather than bringing chaos.
