There is not too much time when I see and go to a movie, "huh, what?" But that was one of them. Perhaps, after seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt very much like Woody Allen felt after 2001. He only had the film after seeing it three times over a two-year period, and realizing the filmmaker was ahead of him. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few tries to make films in the US (after the Red Desert, he filmed Blow-Up, this movie, China and The Passenger, all outside his native Italy, I could feel he was almost try to learn about the ways of the country by its own mastery of the medium. The results show that he does not have the means to present images, feelings, colors, sounds and visual representation of this era. A director's job is to see, "Antonioni once said. Whatever the case, he does not disappoint for the fan of his post-fifties work (I say after the fifties, as I have seen some of his pre-adventure movies L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What he doesn't do is a point, at least the kind of point he can bring in Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You get the feel of what is around these characters, bringing the themes to their consciousness, but in this case the characters and the actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, who comes out of the school, makes neo-realistic films, but does what he can with his mostly non-professional role players (those who look most like real actors are subject to the roles of corporate characters), but two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin look like Antonioni is teaching them. Maybe it was the point. The story is divided into three acts, and thankfully it is not too confusing, since Mark escapes his existence over the boiling, dangerous campus life in the late 60's LA area. Daria is sent from LA to drive a business to Phoenix. They meet by chance like Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, maybe some background information there?) And meet Daria's car, and they spend time together in an existential type of slot in the desert. Apart from a stylistic enchanting bizarre sex scene, much of this action is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> But the two clues are fair enough to look at, but what are they just pulling out of curiosity? The ideas that come out (partly from a script written by Sam Shepard) are not too revealing, except for a brief moment when drugs are raised against reality. Then the movie goes to the third act, as Mark decides to do the right thing in disastrous circumstances, and Daria arrives at her boss's place just to be fully disillusioned (not taking into account the notorious last five minutes or so from the movie). Although the movie had the time to tell his story, I didn't have much of a problem with that, as I did, that the story only involves a certain kind of viewer. I understand and empathize with the feelings and doubts and fears as well as the confidence of the "anti-establishment", but perhaps Antonioni is not fully aware of it. In some scenes, as director and editor (and often astounding cinematography by Alfio Contini) he finds the landscape and backgrounds more illuminating and fixating than the people in the foreground. Not to say that the technical side of Zabriskie Point is not to some extent (it may feel duller, as Antonioni is probably much larger than a documentary filmmaker, as he is a theatrical director like Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> The deserts, skies, city, and even the faces in close-ups are filmed with a view to a film maker who falls in love with the art of getting things in the frame that we bring. The soundtrack is equally compelling, with a master stroke containing a lovely Rolling Stones song at one point, and then a crushing, surrealistic Pink Floyd song (entitled 'Careful with that Ax Eugene, one of their best pre-Dark Side) in the blast row. If the performances were not so one-sided, I might find it similar to Blow-Up or The Eclipse. This is an unconventional genius stroke on the one hand, and on the other hand, a boring assumption that was the late 60's hippie / radical movement. But hey, who might be boring for an American like I was born in the eighties, may not be outside the US, such as Italy. And it does not promptly be thrown away after one viewing.
