I know this is an unpopular position with regard to Zabriskie Point, but I loved this movie. I know, I know - I can really be called an Antonioni fanatic. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup, and I love Professione: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only Antonioni movie I don't love, the only one I've ever given less than 8/10 (and one of only three I've given less than a 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse is the one other two, although I fully admit to seeing them both again), is Beyond the Clouds, which can be called quite a horrible movie. However, there is no better horrible movie, if you catch my drive. So if you're not an Antonioni fan, just ignore me logically. If you're even a casual fan, and you're wondering if this particular movie, whose name, when spoken, is often followed by <br /> <br /> a spit usually despised by even Antonioni's admirers The answer is worth it. <br /> <br /> Well, the reason people usually hate it is that 99% of filmmakers only care for the story of a movie. Well, that's not exactly true. If a movie is wonderful in a particular aspect, say acting or cinematography or direction, and just decent in its narrative, movie keepers can love it very well. But a movie can be the most wonderful visual masterpiece and have a lame or illogical story - it's another thing that has ruined the movie over the years: logic - then completely hates the movie. I will actually agree. As much as I like it and want to change my view, it is really hard to love a movie whose narrative I consider to be poor. However, other people tend to be on a loose story. This is definitely what viewers should drive away from Zabriskie Point. I can relate the story to you, but you'll probably just think it's stupid. It's actually, but for me it just made the whole effort more fantastic and beautiful. I would really compare it to 2001, which is my favorite movie. But 2001 is totally coherent compared to the passing story of this movie. <br /> <br /> What spades Zabriskie Point is mood. The music helps a lot; The score includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood is similar to the moods of Antonioni's other masterpieces, filled with loneliness and destruction. Also the freedom that comes from it. The best sequence in the movie is when the chief and wife (Daria, I know, but I don't remember his name) drag a vehicle along a historic marker on a desert road. There is, outside the stone wall erected to make cars fly, an old lacquer bed. It's actually a rocky desert, and the two will play in it. The area is very beautiful. The woman says, "It's such a beautiful place. What do you think?" The man: "I think it's dead." There is no tendency to determine if it's a good thing or a bad thing. It's much like sentiments expressed in other Antonioni movies - characters want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of the Passenger, with journalism full, we have the young hippie sick of his friends' politics - he thinks they talk too much and doesn't matter what they feel is right, or at least he he says do. It seems to me that he just wanted the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also simply visual. Antonioni's films are all recognizable with just a few frames, but his visual style was always built. I love the Passenger more than I do Zabriskie point, but Zabriskie point can be his ultimate achievement in that aspect. Well, that may sound strange - L'Avventura and Red Desert are wonderful in image. I think it's the camera movements that are particularly amazing here. Of course, he made a lot of money on Blowup, which was the biggest arthouse hit of his day, the biggest ever at that time. He spends it well here, especially with his aerial photographs. One of the biggest sequels of the film is the man who stole a man's private plane, killing Daria in her car. <br /> <br /> The one thing that can be reasonably criticized is the film's politics. They are definitely easy. Not that hippies were decent, but that Antonioni's vision of hippies - of course not in Italy - is bizarre and filtered through a foreigner's eyes. There is a rather childish criticism of advertising, but it is a criticism that still exists today. I say, can't you just ignore people? What hurts it? Are you going to buy things you don't want because of billboards? Or there is also the criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, is working for a company that steals the country in the desert - the country she and the husband enjoyed for themselves - to make cheap, suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor whose most famous roles were The Time Machine and The Birds, plays her boss. The end, which I will not destroy - you have to see it - is almost offensive cheaply. However, I can understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I generally despise them, but they were terrible at the time. They can still be terrible. They've always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These contradictory arguments against the American way of life greatly affect my opinion of the movie. I find this filtered view of America very interesting. I really don't think a hippie would disagree with Antonioni. 10/10.
