If Saura hadn't done anything like this before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now it still deserves inclusion to honor a great director and a large film custodian of Spanish culture, but he has done so much. And although we can applaud the wealth he has given us, we must pick and choose favorites and high. points include similar films including Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salome (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's 1995 Flamenco as his most unique and powerful cultural document, after which Iberia polished. <br /> <br /> Iberia is considered a series of interpretations of the music by Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and especially his "Iberia" piano suite. Isaac Albéniz was a great contributor to the externalization of the Spanish musical culture - his reformatting for a non-Spanish audience. He moved in France in his early thirties and was influenced by French composers. His "Iberia" suite is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled to perform his compositions, which is a kind of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero, but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spaniards took back Albéniz, and in Iberia, the artists reinterpreted his compositions in terms of several more ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a quenched and diluted form of Spanish music and dance culture compared to the real Spanish of pure flamenco. The Andalusian region of Flamenco is a deeply felt amalgam of gitans, Hispano-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply the peninsula that consists of Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the concept is more dilute. <br /> <br /> Saura's Flamenco is an unstoppable intense ethnic mix of music, singing, dancing and the peacock way of noble prunes that are the essence of the Spanish style, like a man and a woman with pride performs destruction on arrogance and elegance and panache - even the struggle and the movements of the torero is full of it - in a series of electric rows without introduction or closure; they are not. Saura has always emphasized the staginess of his collaboration with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 Flamenco, he dropped an incident of a story and singers, musicians and dancers embarked on a great phrasing stage with beautiful lighting and screens, flats and mirrors arranged by filmmaker Vittorio Storaro, one of the Spanish filmmaker s important employees. The beginning and end of the Flamenco sequences are often rough but atmospheric, marked only by the rumbling and rustling of sliding feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the movie keeps on when a show is over and you see the dancer bend, suck or laugh; or someone says something unexpected. In Flamenco more than any of Saura's other music films, it is the rape, intense interaction of singers and dancers and rhythmically clapping participating observers shouting impulsive oils that are the "story" and create the magic. Because Saura really made magic, and perhaps the best when he wrote any kind of conventional story. <br /> <br /> Iberia is in a similar style to some of Saura's purest music films: no narrative, no dialogue, just short titles to show the type of song or region, starting with a pianist who is Albeniz's music play and gradually move to a series of dance series and a little song. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is the unguided voice, and that voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It is related to other songs in other ethnicities, but nothing is equal to its raw, uniquely ugly, beautiful crying that does your deeds to do something, but with the closest attention to it. Then comes the clapping and foot stomping, and then the dance, combined with the other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you like Saura's Flamenco, you'll want to see Iberia, but you'll be a little disappointed. The style is there; Some of the great voices and dance and music are there. But Iberia's source and fertilization make it to a lesser degree and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
