Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is heavily cut and the film contains material that deserves an R-rating. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons for using this production: First, I didn't see a performance by the Moor that actually made me sympathetic to Othello until I play Fishburne. I played James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was especially noticeable. But despite Jone's incredible presence, both physical and vocal, the character he played seems to me too passively a complete emotional cleansing in the Aristotelian sense. Jones indeed confirmed what I felt when he interviewed Othello as being passive - since Iago was basically doing him. Unfortunately, it has wrapped up my grief for character destruction. So, I felt sympathy for Jone's Moor, but not the horror of his corruption by an evil man. In contrast, Fishburne's Othello is a strong and powerful figure known for action. So, Iago's temptation to deal actively with Othello's offering as his wife's infidelity is a perversion of the general's positive quality not to be active. The horror of the story is that this good quality is distorted in Othello. Fishburne's portrayal is therefore classically tragic. <br /> Secondly, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins did fine movie versions, but they were white men in black face. Why is it important? Why should a black actor be the black man on stage? 3 Surely in Shakespeare's day they used black face just as their sons used to make girls. Maybe then, the reason is the same. Female actors bring a special quality to female roles on the Shakespeare stage because they understand best what Shakespeare's genius is trying to offer. A gifted black actor has to play the murder because his experience in a white dominant culture is essential to understand what Shakespeare's genius has recognized: the pain of being marginalized as a result of race. An important theme in Othello is isolation caused by racism. Although it is a mistake to introduce American racism into a Shakespeare play, there can be little doubt that racism still works among the characters. Many, including Desdimona's father, think that a union between a Vietnamese Christian woman and a black-black Christian man in North Africa is UNNATURAL. <br /> <br /> Third, Shakespeare was never rated G. He has never been. His stage productions are always typified by violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius does not use these elements as sensationalism, but for artistic honesty.
