I'm a little confronted with this. The show is horrible on the one hand, the acting is terrible (even when we get active name actors like Brad Pitt and Bill Moseley in one episode), the dialogue is moron and the representation / morale of each episode feels like something from a 50s educational card. There is no way to scare any of these episodes for a moment, and Robert Englund's cameos are short, senseless and grainy in a sort of Bob Saget on America's Funniest Home Videos. > On the other hand, it's one of the funniest things ever to be on television. The 80s fashions, the soft focus, leave the actors at all times as they appear on the set of The View. The site lends the material more to self-pity as scares, so we have an episode where a high school child is scared if he fails his SAT, his girlfriend will dump him and his parents deny him, another is afraid she will be in the being imprisoned because she is a careless mother (Brad Peter's husband is her husband, the other is afraid that all the parents In the world is in the league against him when he runs away from home, another is scared she will be confused with her socially delayed twins, another is afraid if he does not break his mother and stepfather, he will get killed for a feast at his home. The list goes on and on. <br /> < br /> Since it's dreams, you suppose you can overtake the ridiculous plot points and devices, but they're so out of the left field that there are no opportunities for the writers to actually scare the audience. An 80s-themed nightmare wandering around to deliver bad dialogue in a very hammy way and making illogical decisions barrel that serves no other purpose but to move the story to the next strange plot point (usually as a peripheral character looks something uncharacteristic of a healthy person while our main character is stunned and too shocked to do so). <br /> <br /> Looking for something that scares you, you stay away. If you look for one of the funniest things ever come from the 80's. Look at it. It's been recently on Chiller TV (pretty much every day) and I used to look out of morbid curiosity and just now, I can get a good laugh every day. . With Arrested Development and Extras from the air, it's officially the funniest thing on television.
