I was fortunate to finally catch this movie on Turner Classic movies tonight, as it is one of the films that won an Oscar (for special effects) in their annual Oscar overnight films. <br /> <br /> BAGS AND BROOMSTICKS are easily a sequel to the earlier success of MARY POPPINS. The film was also a great success, and an Oscar winner (best actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOW, David Tomlinson has, in a role in learning about parenting. It's a delicate mix of lively action and animation. It is in a previous period of British history (if not the Edwardian-Georgian world of 1912 London, it is England's coastline during the Dunkirk summer of 1940). It even has old Reginald Owen in it, here as a general in the Home Guard, while previously being Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's final role. <br /> <br /> The Home Guard sequences (not too much in the movie) remind one of the British series DAD'S ARMY, which deals with the problems of the local ranger in the early years of the war. The period is also well represented by the appearance of the three Rawlins children as war orphans of the bombings in the Blitz in London. And (in typical Disney fashion) in the musical number "Portobello Road" various members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (still with metal drums!) Appear with Scottish and local female assistants in costume. /> <br /> All that is surprising is a plus. But the biggest plus is that for Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is ultimately: her only real musical movie. In a notable acting career, Lansbury never had the real career music she earned as aunt Mame in the musical MAME that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS. She was in vocal parts (in GASLIGHT with her short UP IN A BALLOON BOYS, and in the picture of DORIAN GRAY with a little YELLOW BLOOD, and - best of all - in support and finally of the HARVEY GIRLS with the final reprint from ON THE ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND THE SANTA FE). But here she's just playing the female head. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you might understand what we lost when she didn't play Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the role play is pretty good, Tomlinson learns here that he can go to the event after a lifetime of relative failure. The three kids (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) actually point out more interesting sides in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (especially Weighill, as something of a budding opportunistic thought of extortion Lansbury after she's discovered she is a witch). The only surprising waste (possibly due to cutting scenes) is Roddy McDowall as the local minister who is only in two rows of the film. With his possible role as a disapproving enemy of witchcraft, he had to play a bigger role. John Ericson, also the German official who is attacking at the end of the film, finds that he is facing something more powerful than he ever suggested in the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as the rival for the magic formula what Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> Regarding the animation, the two ranges are under the sea in a lagoon, and at the wildest soccer game ever drawn, the views are worth it. With Tomlinson he pulled the last as the umpire and he got pretty handcuffed in various complaints and scrimmages. As I said, this is a fine example of the Disney studio's best work.
