If a movie style could be called my "guilty pleasure", it would be this generic fantasy type. Guilty is the wrong word for it, because I am welcome to be an escapist from time to time. "Stardust" is good stock fantasy, as can be expected from Neil Gaiman (or Gaiman adaptation as it was). It's not Mirrormask's visual dream image, it's not the adult pretense of Pan's Labyrinth, and it's not the fun classic The Princess Bride, but it just contains what the fantasy lover is familiar with. be during the entire visit. Fantasy lovers must be happy - special effects work has finally become good enough and cheap enough that these things are now in regular production. <br /> <br /> The story of Stardust involves a young man named Tristan who, to win The love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their small town Wall, goes on an adventure to a fallen star to get. To make things difficult, Tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named Yvaine, and he's not the only one looking for her. Some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality that the star's heart can give, and a brother's feud over the magic kingdom leads murderous princes in her direction. From there it is all predictable, but it involves some attractive fantasy elements, some hearty comments on the nature of love and the best part, Robert DeNiro as a gay pirate. On that note, DeNiro's performance is striking ... it's not the excessive lash that most actors use to portray gay people, but a surprisingly effective one was someone seen as a rough and gruff -type character (thus the constant joke of his character that suits DeNiro's own opening in alternative forms of acting. DeNiro is not so unique to his own image since Brazil, and it says something. <br /> <br /> Stardust is the kind of movie that may have been on the shelves of kids and fantasy lovers for a long time .. I can't say it offers anything new, but it's not really there, it's actually the best known with the tropics that will enjoy it the most . <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
