It is wonderful to see Roshan Seth (the strict father in 1992 "Mississippi Masala"), who again assumes the role of a father and family head, and more, in such a long journey, which took place in 1971 in Mumbai, India has. . In addition to the meticulous family institutions, topics include the lost and foundings of a friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (somehow the calm smiling face of a friend in death in the presence of prayers felt peacefully - so called Gustad Noble, Roshan's character in the same way); A pavement's chain of events - "the wall as a latrine became in a sanctuary" sanctuary in rumbles and as "and was at the same time prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in various aspects of changing relationships: between father and son ; mother and son; father and daughter; little daughter and father and mother; longtime colleagues; long lost dear friends; even those of a man to man, one of whom is an innocent, long-suffering "fool." > <br /> Despite the scene of the film's era, it is a colorful film rich in the content and power of the story in texture layers with humor and excitement, for a director who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson is Icelandic), he made a political Indian / Pakistani film, depicted in the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi depicted by Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, subtlety and joy. .) The rest of the cast is equally strong: from Om Puri, the mysterious friend of a free nd; Soni Razdan the lasting woman; Vrajesh Hirjee the arguing eldest son; Sam Dastor the old office mate; Ranjit Chowdhry the pavement artist; to a superstitious "witch" wife of a neighbor; an incomprehensible "fool" of a man; and a long lost bosom friend - it is a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson showed sensitivity in the treatment of that period and the topic was well examined with attention to details. He has the good fortune to write Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!"). It's really worth sharing a movie. <br /> <br /> Along the lines of cultural exploration (road movie style), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic accommodation about a Japanese young man who has gone all over the world looking for the specific place to paying his last respect to his parents for the purpose of adhering to the rituals of the dead. Such demonstrated reverence and cross-cultural attention to family ties is heartwarming in this day and the cyber age.
