Mitch Leisen's all-star Paramount musical was released just before the Production Code in July 1934. It is leisurely suggestive - even demanding misogynistic - and highly entertaining. Two murders take place on the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage), but it doesn't stop the manager (Jack Oakie) to make a show as a capricious police detective (Victor McLaglen) investigates. Everyone stumbled away and Gypsy Rose Lee had seen this background murder before writing "The G-String Murders", as the denial is similar (although more satisfactory). Gertrude Michael, as an evil diva, stops the show (in more ways than one) with her exotic Sweet Marijuana number and Duke Ellington ending with the shortened "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The hit song, "Cocktails For Two," comes from this movie. A bizarre and bawdy camp classic recommended! Here is Louella O. Parsons in the "Los Angeles Examiner" on May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's hand-picked beauty pirates on the Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf and not much else. But September Morn himself never had a better figure than those charmers, who have the eye on the eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. But don't think for a moment. Mr Carroll's girls, of course, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy excitement, if you know what I mean - a murder mystery recorded in a musical. It all happens at the opening time when the play is in progress and a search is underway for a killer. Just with tension, a police threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in policemen. All the time he tried to find the killer, he kept his eye on the chorus beauty. The murder mystery is good with the exception of the unbundling, which is fairly flat. Probably wrong direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the girl, is about as melodramatic as the heroine in a ten, twenty and thirty performances. For no good reason she is an endless close-up in the big dramatic scene. The girl ensembles are good, and it's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots. The costumes are beautiful; In fact, this is a musical that Paramount can feel is really up to their credit. As far as Carl Brisson is concerned, he will be an addition to any show. Good looking with a lovely singing voice and an easy, sure way, he is all his press agents who claim him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the leading lady in the show. Gertrude Michael, as the deep-eyed villianess, gives an interesting as well as fictional depiction. Jack Oakie, as the stage manager, is the same old wisecracking jack, but we won't change him. Jessie Ralph is excellent as a seamstress. Others in the film are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screenplay is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and towards Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics of Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES, there is a Mickey Mouse cartoon, a Paramount Newsreel, and a two-reel, THE WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I don't agree with Lolly about the unbundling, it's satisfying if it's over-top. Why would she blame the director? Was she dissatisfied with the story's end - or the way it was performed? And what is a "ten, twenty or thirty show"? Note the whips taken at Busby Berkeley and its "overhead shots". How difficult it is to believe today was the public in May 1934 busy buzz 'schtick. Mitch Leisen said, "If you show a stage show that should be in a theater, you need to be within the boundaries of the proscenium arc, and don't do a Buzz Berkeley routine with a stage set that is large . <br /> <br /> Q: Don't you think Berkeley's spectacular effects justified this freedom? ML: Apparently they did because they revived all his pictures and not one of me, but personally I don't like it.
