I read a lot of comments about the film and how it is so difficult for people to believe it is a sequel to Henry Fool, and while it is technical, I think Fay Grim should be viewed as a completely different movie. Just because it means the successor does not mean it should be a direct continuation of the first, and I really enjoyed it. The whole point of the movie was to change the direction of the first, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it is Fay Grim. All that was set aside, the film, I thought, was made so good and thought it really surprised me. I expected to rent another almost-released straight-to-movie movie and endure 2 hours of bad editing and an almost difficult story line (aka parker's last live video of the Oh in Ohio), but It was so surprisingly well-focused that it almost didn't look like that, which I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in the movie making and writing that I would like to see in movies, but never do. The cinematography was brilliant because of the simplicity and the movie really looks 'Grim' in terms of the environment. The writing was also so well composed. Anyone who said this movie was not as greasy as Henry Fool had to watch and actually listen to. I can hardly even explain how hilarious it was and also relevant. And, Parker Posey, who can complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal spoke in the dark was so fascinating and emotional. And I thought the spying throughout the film was just as hilarious and mocking (afterwards, because I agree that sometimes it's lost in your kind of feeling). The most important thing that struck me so much about the film, and I believe the point of the film, was Parker's love and naivety about the fool, which was so special and changed very quickly from denial to absolute passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. It was clear that there were things that were not excellent, but nothing was perfect; some of the plays were poor and sometimes I thought some of the new terrorist tales and dialogues were a bit difficult to follow and out of control, but eventually you got it and didn't even have the time it slipped from your understanding. (It can also be related to Goldblum's tendency to speak very quickly.) Generally, I would say that this is probably one of the best movies I've seen this year; stylistically pleasing, clever and witty writing, performances that were so impressive. I have now gained new respect for some of the actors, and a real touch movie, and don't forget, a complete deviation from Fool. What was the point.
