Well, this movie is the representation of several things. For the first time, this film is about a disgruntled student bringing a gun to school and shooting about 9 students. One student survives and is in hospital with major head injuries. The main character is that many people who consider a 'lonely / goth' despite the film's statement that she is not so. She looks rather mysterious, but was also the only unharmed student in the victim's classroom. She was questioned because of a history of knowing the shooter and having the record that he was with him the previous night. Anyway, she is a very short and distant person who despises society. Yet, due to some, at the first unexplained events, she spent about a year out of school because the degree was not achieved. She has the desire to study, and the principle basically combats her in the only possible way she can pass, spending time with the survivor, the hospital girl. <br /> <br /> These two leads are almost completely opposite, and this is on a social level. Alisha is a quiet, inner-disturbed, anti-social "goth" girl who spends her time entirely alone (although she reads quite often, somewhat of a cupboard / closet bookworm), the other girl is rich, " a "bubbly" girl who always looks incredibly optimistic and trapped in her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism to survive. Both of these roles feel like a wonderful job of representing MOST 'cliques' in modern high school, but more importantly shows how two completely opposite girls who know nothing about each other finally open to each other. While the injured girl learns a deep, meaningful truth about her once sheltered life and the outside world, Alisha learns that a complete rejection of society and the inclusion of everything within is not always the best. Many people will look at the relationship between these two girls and see one of two things. Or a sneaky, hateful girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer as she does, take it out on an innocent girl, OR the story of an apparently trapped, fantasized girl who encounters and teaches an extinct community not just not judging, but actually being one of the most intelligent people she knows. In other words, people can see this film as a focus on Alisha who teaches the other girl a lesson on life, but it is not about it. <br /> <br /> This movie is about many things. While it's all about what I've said, it's also representative of how people deal with a major, life-changing disaster. Surely this movie is not very symbolic, but incredibly straight forward with its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and heart to some emotions, you may not be so wonderfully portrayed. Overall, this movie is one of the best I've ever seen. The play is brilliant, the storyline and performance are deep and meaningful, and the emotion that flows through this movie will be someone who is not only related but possibly crying. This movie is by far heartbreaking and very impactful and if I ever believed, any movie could change one's life ... it would be the first thing that could change mine. <br /> <br /> I loved it. movie, if you ever want a movie that moves and impacts, while it's incredibly entertaining and real, watch it.
