Maybe I would have liked this movie more if I wasn't so much in the characters in Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I wouldn't worry. As Hartley said in his introduction to the movie at TIFF, the film has many explanations and explanations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy in plot, moving the movie. There are many humorous moments and the movie definitely has Hartley's brand humor and rhythm of dialogue. Over everything, a technically well-made movie and sure to meet new Hartley fans who are just beginning to explore his work. As for the older fans who loved his earlier works such as Trust and Amateur, this movie can either go. I have mixed feelings about the movie and Hartley's later films in general. What Hartley does best is to compile his stories into small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters communicate with each other. Since its late nineties and beyond, it has expanded its films in terms of topics. Mass media in no such thing, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I don't know if Hartley's talents are suitable for such a large subject or if he can do it fairly. <br /> <br /> Oddly, the movie can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman looking for the man she loves. The only problem is, I've seen Henry Fool and everyone looks amazing in character in this movie. You can say this movie has been written for a long time after Henry Fool had finished without the intention of a successor. Somehow, the terrorist plot feels comfortable using Henry's confessions as a macguffin (in the Hitchcock sentence). Fay's motivation for finding Henry was motivated purely by the needs of the plot rather than being true to who was fay as someone in Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed in the movie because it's not true to the characters in the Henry Fool and it doesn't work exactly like a straight forward. There is too much irony and resentment in Hartley's approach to such a big topic as terrorism. It works somehow and doesn't work at the same time. All I could say would love or hate the movie, depending on your Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry Fool are seriously warned for a disappointment. For the rest, welcome to Hal Hartley's world and enjoy the ride.
