The 1997 low-key indie-dramatic Henry Fool would seem to be a safe choice of movies. No one would make it difficult to check for a successor. A rumpled, dissipated drifter (Thomas Jay Ryan) walks into town. His anarchist rations and delusions inspire a northern rubbish collector (James Urbaniak) to write poems, while Henry tries to farm the man's sister (Parker Posey) aloud. Like the poet prospers, Henry fell down. Nothing special about any of the characters or the story. A pitch for Harold and Maude's Ghost would have been a higher chance of ever making a screen. <br /> <br /> But Parker Posey is not the semi-official queen of the Indian Islands. When the writer / director, Hal Hartley, received a new incarnation for his film, a movie was born. Although we invade the same characters for many years, they are in a completely different kind of dark comedy; this one is tense with spying! Henry may have been an international spy for years - and possibly double, or even triple, agent - for years before he meets the other. He is either dead or taken into account by agents and authorities of many countries. Everyone wants their merging, disjointed magazine, which can only contain secret secrets that can destabilize nations and economies. Posey's Fay is either the woman he left to go on the lamb or his widow, depending on who is telling the truth. Fay's efforts to find Henry and / or the critical combat journals include a globe-proud gauntlet of multinational hits and henchmen at every turn. She never knows who to believe or trust. We don't. <br /> <br /> While these unlikely characters are running into the Jason Bourne / Jack Ryan area, Hartley's writing retains the ironic deadpan humor of their first appearance without preventing them from exposing them to physical threats. His cunning lampoon of the paranoia, duplicate and musical-chair alliances of today's geopolitics, began to crumble to the end. Yet fans of the first movie will be pleasantly surprised by the novelty of Hartley's recycling methods. (05/18/07)
