Fay Grim is on his face telling a story of spying and intrigue with a nod and a wink. As the successor to his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising blend of film noir and hard-boiled spy thriller that starts with a legendary smile and big-dose laughs and turns as fierce and hot as any movie I've seen this year. <br /> <br /> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, a subconscious Mata Hari caught between the love of her fiancé husband Henry Fool and the dubious intentions of a beautiful CIA operation. As agent Fulbright, Jeff Goldblum is a master of white and sarcasm, in a role that suits his talents. He had never been better. James Urbaniak is Fay's brother Simon, captured but known for his wildly popular books of poetry. His love for his work and his sister brings a passion of passion to contrast the expensive nature of the spies that eventually populate Fay's world. And Liam Aiken is Fay's well-known 14-year-old boy. Although it may be superfluous. Aiken's undershirt style is strikingly 'old soul' for someone who has his age. <br /> <br /> The whole movie is shot Dutch angle, the off-kilter style is famous by Orson Welles and is mainly used in horror movies and psychological thrillers to give a sense of prejudice. In Fay Grim, using the style of opening credits to closing, intrigue is first, misleadingly smart the following. Because just as the viewer begins to fall for the perfectly timely comic elements and the heart of Hartley's brilliant writing, something happens. The film takes a dark, but strange, comforting turn, as these characters power up before our eyes become sympathetic. What starts out as dark comedy morphs in romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. Slow pacing gives way to breathtaking action, and we are sucked right into the whirlpool. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's sharp dialogue, combined with the incredible performances of a perfectly-fitting ensemble cast, makes a great spectacular cocktail. With the luxury of one who can write, produce, live, edit and even compose the music, Hal Hartley has created a clever, sexy story of spying with tongue, just scarcely planted in the cheek. Fay Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, part Raymond Chandler, and part Ian Fleming, shaken and maybe even stirred.
