Plot is never the strength of a Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie, but "Follow the Fleet "'s script is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still out - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the navy. When they meet again, their love relationship generates some entertaining comic moments. But for much of the movie, they take a backdrop to a boring subplot about Sherry's sister Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for the sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's dalliance with another woman and an old schooner who inherited her from her. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed with an exceptional Irving Berlin score that gives the stars enough chances to show their talents. . Astaire gets two good solos with "We saw the sea" and "I'd rather lead a band." He sings expressively and of course dancing electrifying - and the sailor suit shows him a little more boys and athletics than usual. Rogers sings the catchy "Let Yourself Go" and later does a solo tap dance with the same song. <br /> <br /> The three duets really save the movie, though they are all shoe horns in the plot with stupid excuses. Fred and Ginger win a dance game by doing an energetic routine after another repeat of "Let Yourself Go". Later they sing and dance: "I put all my eggs in one basket" as if it were an early rehearsal of the number, which dropped the choreography into a comic effect. In the end, the movie finally ends up getting Fred and Ginger in evening gowns for a romantic duet. This makes it part of a show-inside-the-show. The song, "Let's Face the Music and Dance", is one of the most wonderful things Berlin has ever written (reminiscent of Cole Porter), and the dance suits it in elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> Going through most of the "Follow the Fleet" dialogue sections will be a task again and it's not really necessary, because the plot rarely moves the musical numbers. But I could watch the songs over and over again.
