If Hollywood is to be believed to be in the fleet, nothing but a bludge. Although the sailors in the choir can complain about the monotony of the sea, it seems that their oceanic duties do not exist at all, and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to dance classes to a fleet of offering romantic people. So is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film, "Top Hat (1935)," completely ignored the Great Depression that brought America to its knees and presented audiences with a glittering world of rich and famous; It was the film's optimistic outlook on life that might have contributed to its success. Similarly, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and drained, but replaces the duties of a sailor with a variety of catchy lightweight music numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship falls apart after the latter rejected a marriage object. After returning from several years of service in the Navy, Bake finds Sherry as a dance lady in an unsophisticated San Francisco ballroom. While the two former lovers are alternately trying to cheat and beat each other, Sherry's regular music teacher, Harriet Hilliard, gets a really nice makeover and tries to make the superficial sailor Bilgey "Bilgey Smith" (Randolph Scott). charm. There are a lot of ordinary screw-comedian shenanigans, a few moments of wrong identity, and even a hilarious trained monkey who sticks every scene. It's especially amusing, the scene in which Bake sabotages an artist's audition for a window for his estranged girl; Unfortunately for both of them it is an unfortunate sherry who drinks the baking soda and loses her ability to sing. <br /> <br /> 'Follow the Fleet (1936)' was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (of five) in which Sandrich directed the pair. Irving Berlin provided the music and lyrics of the film, and each music number is pleasantly illuminated and entertaining, even if it is not as memorable as that of 'Top Hat (1935)', 'Swing Time (1936)' or 'Shall We Dance (1937). "Astaire attempts to break out of the typical man's rich man-over-town persona, but it's hard to imagine the artist without the boy-care-free charm that can only be outrageously accompanied. The sidelines of the romance between Connie and Bilge work well with the fiancé of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (with a dark brown wig not clashing with Ginger's blonde hair) has some emotional solo numbers, including " Get Tea Behind me Satan, "originally written for" Top Hat. "
