What an entertaining movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the fleet. Astaire must bring Ginger back to San Francisco, while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of his wife. Everything works well. <br /> <br /> It is sometimes argued, and I can see why, that Scott's romance with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down the plot. Particularly painful is Hilliard's song of juicy love songs. I could sing without her right enough, but I found the romance to be touching. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher, with a few glasses, no makeup and the ugliest clothes known to men or animals. No wonder Scott avoided her until she was cared for sexually under the supervision of her sister Ginger and a cunning Lucille Ball. The problem is that she looks like her makeover like the same irreparable woman as before, just with a glossy outfit. It's tough enough for a domestic guy. But at least a man can be rich and powerful and popular, then he can at any rate collect women, even though he looks like JoJo the Dog-Faced Boy. But what does a white woman do? The same channels for romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groups. Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a footnote I have to point out that Randolph Scott was rumored to be bisexual by Hollywood gossip that needs a little nonsense to chew, and it's almost amusing that he has the following rule in this movie when he puts Hilliard away - - "Women don't interest me, sister." The movie probably gives more quality time to Ginger Rogers than any of her other films with Astaire. And she's wonderful. She is beautiful, sexy, a talented actress and dancer, and the writing also gives her good striplines. "Let's kiss and make up," suggests Astaire. "Let's just stop," she says, "it will give you something to work on." It is also the only film she made with Astaire giving her a solo number during an audition. (Choreographed by Hermes Pan.) Her show is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, grinding some Alka Seltzer or something in her water, and bumping through her number while it is too short. <br /> <br /> As a dancer, I want to make a huge circus elephant, so my opinion must be taken like that of an amateur, but I think their dances are equal to what they put on film . Their first, during a dance contest, "Let yourself go," is the most exuberant of any I can remember. And the only dramatic duet, "Let's Face the Music and Dance," should be among their best. The last step when they leave is spectacular. <br /> <br /> I like the movie for reasons of personal resonance. I remember this for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego, next to a shop called "The Seven Seas" dedicated to sailors. I was in uniform at the time and was impressed by the treatment of the Astaire and Scott fleet courses. What I mean, here we have this scary musical comedy that owes absolutely nothing to the historical reality, and yet, in contrast to most of their other teamwork, pay its awards anyway. Jump ship, Astaire calls a "water taxi." I myself took a water taxi myself. The uniforms are correct for the period (other than those in "On the Town"). And they are properly worn, hats up to two finger widths above the eyebrow and are not backed. And there are two incidents where Astaire has a problem with naval authorities, and they are both dealt with with the utmost seriousness and are thoroughly credible. An officer stopped Astaire to lead a jazz band during an inspection and reported to the captain: "They were playing when the call sounded, sir. I'm sure there is no violation of discipline." That's what an officer, a good officer, would say, and no one was laughing. <br /> <br /> The series became a bit repetitive when the "Follow the Fleet" society and a smuggling, they turned him into a gum-cold swab. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
