Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood's premiere dance team, were usually dressed in the nineties and flung through extremely exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, they are a little more horrible for this 1936 outing, the fifth of their ten musicals. This time, Astaire pretended to be his top hat, white tie and tails to become a Bubblegum cold sailor named "Bake" Baker. and Rogers plays ballroom entertainer Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dancing and otherwise - before deciding. Consequently, unlike the faulty identity, and romantic delusions that occur in most of their previous events, they are already a few from the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br /> Targeted by Mark Sandrich (who led five of their games), the film has a narrative agreement with 1935's "Roberta" in which they are only one of two couples in the storyline. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the other male lead in both films, this time as Bake's crew membership, "Bilge" Smith. He is in partnership with not Irene Dunne (who made this notion understandable), but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard Sherry's spinster sister Connie, who stubbornly falls for Bilge, plays. In the foolish plot she is given by a young, bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and there is a classic three-way shot of Hilliard, Ball and a Kewpie pop-loving Betty Grable in front of a mirror. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the story, one of which, is credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and goes like this ... Bake and Bilge are on land leave in San Francisco where they end up in a dance hall with their rough mates. Sherry finds work there, while Bilge first walks into Connie when she comes as a dull spider and then appears as a glamor girl. Romance flowers for both couples. Connie and Sherry have a stronger father, but they need money to keep it. Multiple misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but it all works when they turn the steamer into a theater and set up a fundraising musical review. It's as silly as it sounds, but it does offer a great excuse to some unforgettable Irving Berlin tunes and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. <br /> <br /> The first two happen to be in toes - a dance match after the grinding "Let yourself go" where they show mercilessly to win and a physical board comedy routine to the opposition of "I sit all my eggs in one basket ". But their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully created on a beautiful series of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Remarkably, this movie not only features an Astaire dance solo, but the only time that Rogers ever had a dance solo for herself in one of their movies, has an energetic crane routine that "lets yourself go" again. Dressed in a creamy satin sailor outfit, she also sings the same song most winners near the start of the film. <br /> <br /> Active show, Astaire and Rogers are typically tough comic form here. While Scott plays his role with his trademark cock-eye virility, Hilliard is a very boring presence, and as a former band singer, she performs two Berlin love songs in a frustrating way. Regardless, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their prime makes this essential viewing. The 2005 DVD has several good extras that start with a thirteen minute featurette, "Follow the Fleet: The Origin of That Dance Feet", on how Astaire and Rogers work together. There is also a live-action "soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra", a poultry-themed cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and the original theater trailer.
