Hundstage is a deliberately ugly and rude study of life in a particularly arid suburb of Vienna. This comes from former documentary director Ulrich Seidl, who takes a very documentary approach to the material. The movie, however, jumps from normal types and offers our characters best described as "extremes" ?? some are extremely lonely; some very violent; some very strange; some very boring; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several near sudden fewer episodes that vary from time to time. Each one follows the characters in a few days during a swaying Vienna summer. Very few viewers will get away from the movie being entertained? The intention is to point out the many things that are wrong with people, the many ailments that plague our society in general. It's a moving movie and its conclusions are pretty damning. A naughty old widow fantasizes about his elderly cleaning lady and wants her to do a striptease for him while wearing his late wife's clothes. . A nightclub dancer fights with the constant jealous and violent behavior of her son-racer boyfriend. A couple who is sad about their dead daughter can no longer communicate and seek comfort by having sex with other people. An abusive man abuses his wife, but she forgives him time and again. A security outlet desperately tries to find the culprit behind a vandalism at a workplace, but eventually ends up on an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman keeps on strangers and insults them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these diverse characters come together in a few days during an intense summer heat wave. <br /> <br /> The despair in the movie is tangible. Many scenes are characterized by long, uncomfortable silences that are twice as effective as a whole conversation is possible. Then there are other scenes during which the dialogue and the events on the screen leave you. In particular, a scene where the security salesman leaves the female hitch hiker to the mercy of a fiery man - beaten, raped and humiliated (unfortunately all out of the screen) for some vandalism she hasn't even done - Makes a sour, almost severe taste. In another scene, a man has a light candle nailed to his back and forced to sing the national anthem to rifle, all as part of his punishment for being nasty to his wife. While we may want to encourage it, his rise is received, we are simultaneously terrified and untouched by the nature of his punishment. Indeed, such sharp contrasts can act as a summary of the entire film - every moment of light heart is counterbalanced with a moment of cold. Every piece of hope is counteracted with a sense of despair. For every character you want or feel sympathetic, there is another that only encourages courage and hatred. We may want to avert dogstage to dismiss it as an exercise in misery, but it also shows uncomfortable truths and therefore should be applauded.
