This film should be regarded as one of the most disturbing and arresting films in years. This is one of the few films, perhaps the only one, that really scares me: Not even Pasolini's Sálo, about which this film is compared, has affected me so much. I saw echoes in the film from filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself, what was the movie that made me feel like I did? I think the answer would be that I watched a horror movie, but one that explains or even reverses the conventions of the said genre. Typically, in a horror movie, horrible and frightening things will happen, but on the side of civilized society: abandoned homes, abandoned hotels, castles, churches, corpses, etc. This handling of the subject in horror is, according to me, a kind of defense mechanism, a principle of darkness and transparency functioning as a kind of projective space for the desires and fears of the viewer. So, from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror movie; It takes place in a perfectly normal society, and so it does not become the horror of horror film. But what you see is the displacement of certain key thematic themes from the horror genre, especially with regard to the body and its transgression, the stages of terror and torture that can penetrate it. What Seidl does is to use the institutions of an everyday middle-class society as a stage in which a recurring spell of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and intimacy and integrity is conveyed: exactly the themes you will find in horror, but subject to a principle of light and transparency of which there is no escape. It is precisely in this displacement that the power of Seidl's film resides. Hundstage deals with these issues as a function of everyday life, displaying it in quotidian repetition rather than places of extremity and catharsis - a move you would experience in the horror genre. An important reference point here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of mixing the political with the personal in his films, a tactic of the melodrama which, in a serious and equally moral way, with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, questions about ownership, sexual property and control, fascism and capitalism etc. Seidl's tactics to make the mechanisms of everyday life the subject of his film, put him in close proximity to Fassbinder; Like this German ally, he has a kind of political vision of society that he feels it is his responsibility to represent in his films. During a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, in which Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he would have had so many cases of offending, inferior women in Hundstage, but no cases of a woman who fought back to free herself no. Seidl replied that some considered it unfair to show violence against women, but that he himself felt it would be unfair to not show it. An artistic statement as good as any, I think. Thank you.
