In short, not to spoil everything, this movie about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a motor thief, destroys a huge delivery of stolen cars (50 in total). He is then threatened with being killed by the man who gave him the "order". The goal is now to get 50 cars stolen in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired booster and also Chicken's brother and some old Randall's friends. As you can see, this is the same old, big brother, lil 'bro' gets out of trouble routinely and of course Randall is the best thief ever there. Of course, as in all other movies, there are also some setbacks and surprises that you never thought of, but sometimes it's also predictable, so there's nothing fancy about the story. <br /> <br /> Now, you're probably wondering it's about 51 times the HOT STUFF, as only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars are stolen. Well the other hot item in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who's going to be a big star), she's not only very convincing in the role of a car theft, but she is also very hot. OK, not hot as in pretty, but hot as in damn cool and sexy. She was very credible in this role, probably because she is also a kind of woman in real life (don't believe me, read her biography) and for the sexy part, just see yourself man.I just know she's the kind of girl I play in this movie, because she's not too mainstream, a little alternative look and she even comes with a tattoo. <br /> <br /> OK, the only drawbacks I felt While watching this movie, there is not much action, there is one totally unrealistic scene, the story is just OK and there aren't many jokes. Hey, but after I saw the whole movie, I have to say: WHO CARE.Why do I have to say, because it was still entertaining, had some coolness had hunters; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where the combination of music and actor rules get your eyes wet); good actors who have all done their job; beautiful cars; A cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs Jolie) and last but not least, very nice and cool tools to strengthen the cars. So few disadvantages here, but still a nice and entertaining movie. All the best way to describe this movie is that it is an overall OK movie with a cool one? stuff ends. <br /> <br /> What about Nicolas Cage? He is actually one of my favorite actors in the action genre nowadays to such great movies as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. Plus, which actor has had so much good action / thriller in recent years and so successful? Well no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's also one of my favorites. One thing that is true is Mr. Cages Bruckheimer's films are getting worse. The Rock, was a clear 9, Con Air was a nice 8 and that's good, it's clear a 7. Not that the point is bad. Doesn't it show that his films under Bruckheimer are getting worse and that maybe Cage has to think longer before taking on a role in a movie and probably having to make a few less movies? No, it doesn't show us that, because almost all of the Cage movies have been successful over the past few years, except for 8mm and Death. 8mm wasn't nice, I admit it, but it was never a mistake from the Cage and the story was good to me. I can't say anything about the latter film because I haven't seen it yet. One thing, though I know, Bruckheimer would have asked me for the three movies, would I have said YES to everyone. I would have told The Rock, because the story was wonderful and because you were going to play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes to Con Air because there would be a lot of action in it because the story was good and because you had to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this one I would have played because I would have gotten a big paycheck, I could drive a few quick and fast cars and because I could have kissed Angelina Jolie (can't wait to see her in the Lara Croft outfit ). This one was a good choice for Mr. Cage and it was definitely a look at the scene. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
