Well, it was definitely a surprise section. In this anthology science fiction series, with all these strange creatures, extraordinary events and many brushes with the afterlife, this episode will surely be so unusual. The seemingly insignificant institutions that apparently give no morality to the end of the story. Or do this? Kick off with the Silent Movie Form, no recorded dialogue, but with musical accompaniment. In this case, it is on the soundtrack, without the use of the organ or piano by an on-sight musician. This part of the episode, along with the final section, also made liberal use of Title Cards, just like the "Old Time Movies". While these titles are a little exaggerated and exaggerated, they become so deliberate and compassionate, rather than any contempt for The Silent Film. <br /> <br /> Veteran Comedy movie director Norman Z. McLeod was the man in the chair for this half hour installment. He was the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, with people like the Marx Brothers, W.C. Fields, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye. He was not a stranger to TV, as he did a lot of work on TV series. <br /> <br /> It doesn't seem like he and Mr Keaton ever worked together (as I can't find any evidence of this) 'but according to the movie, they succeeded in flying them with flying colors. to do! Anyone who directed Keaton was aware that Buster was also a good comedy director as well as a comedy player. He was just as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of him. Their short partnership had to be harmonious, with "giving and taking" on how to do things. It is clear that many of the gags were Keaton's, which was generated from its own Silent Picture Days. For example, the attempt to adjust the pants with Rollo's (Stanley Adams help was done by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of the Arbuckle 2 Reelers, THE GARAGE (1919)) was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Buster knew we were making our world with a camera film, which makes it a two-dimensional image, this one is at the bottom of so many gags. The movie was small and once again full of veteran talent Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as Keaton's straight man Jesse White, the old 'Maytag Repair Man' Gil Lamb, serious veteran of the RKO Short Comedy series, was the 1890's Cop James Flavin, George E. Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons, largely silenced. <br /> <br /> Without beans waste, let's just say yes, there is probably a lesson to be learned here, if not the one already mentioned, "The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence! ", then," Be careful what you ask for you can only get it! "
