This is a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that was comical rather than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, a janitor of 1890 America, working in a laboratory. He constantly keeps on the life problems around him: meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Unheard!). He always yells at mad speeders (on bicycles - cars haven't yet appeared). Grab it to the end, see a scientist's helmet like device, and put it on and try it. Suddenly he is in modern America. The start was a seven minute silent movie. Now it's all the noise, everyone is talking, everyone is crying, everything is blowing. Keaton is here just a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He runs Stanley Adams, a Rollo professor, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (he calls President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in that beautiful, peaceful age. He helps recover Mulligan around the helmet, and they go back in time. Rollo gets bored after a while due to the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him in the future. But now Woodrow is fully satisfied with the quiet, simple age in which he lives. He found satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In his past fifteen years, Buster Keaton has been on television regularly (often for Allan Funt on CANDID CAMERA, where he can help set up a face slip on the public). He also made some movies (especially a fine thing that happened on the way to the forum and the riddle). But he occasionally appeared in television sets and episodes. He's here in his element, probably the director (old comedy film director Norman McLeod - he appointed the Marx brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) about the tricks he could do. See how Stanley Adams and his time Adams pick him up when he wears a pair of pants he needs. In terms of timing, it reminds one of gags he did in the 20s in movies like SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in fine fettle for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The appearance of Jesse White (here as a repairman of all things) is always welcome. But look at 'Professor Rollo'. Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in movies and television from the 1950s to his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with fearless looks and heavy, bleeding voice, was his best-known dramatic role as the wrestling promoter in the film version of REQUIEM For a heavyweight (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler wearing a costume as an Indian). His best-known television appearance was as the space trader who introduced the crew of the Starship Enterprise in STAR TREK to those fiery, fertile little creatures "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth watching (like Jesse White, and definitely like Keaton), which improved most of the productions he appeared to have. I have never understood his suicide, but it was a sad ending to a first-class character.
