Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in jail for car burglary and there he gave the plan for the perfect lift of a jailer; so he has to get out of prison quickly. He tells his girlfriend, Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson), to find a man who will do his money in jail. But no one wants the time for Cosimo's crime and yet everyone seems to know a man who will do it. Soon, bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) found the details of this so-called "perfect work". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone. This movie is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I didn't look at the Italian original, so I can't judge or compare those two movies. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for itself, about four people trying to rob the money of the safe in one house. Everyone made their share of brilliance out of this movie. Really excellent movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (big), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (big), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney have their share in this project. <br /> <br /> Perhaps to say that this movie is only comedy is not fair. It's more than that. Because of one difference. All the thieves in this movie have very little wishes when asked: what are they going to do with their money? This usually ensures their future in a very humble way. This fact goes beyond comedy in the soul of those criminals. And not just them, but also the chief of Babitch, who is represented as a damaged one; so here directors Russo gives us the fact that criminals and policemen are the same. Actually, everything is in Collinwood; And not just in Collinwood, all people are chasing money, legally or illegally. I don't like all the movies, after which the audience finally likes thieves and frightens thieves. But this one is exception. You must love them all. Riley with his little baby and wife in jail. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" and all the rest. They're just like characters in my favorite comedy, Alan Ford. Everyone is trying to make money, but they are simply not lucky. But they all did one good thing: they gave Riley money so he could get his wife out of jail. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people will not do it.
