After watching the movie for the first time at 14 o'clock, I remember hearing the word 'govno' (sh * t) for the first time ever on the then Soviet TV (I'm sure it was the first time in history ?? Anybody wants to add it to the trivia section? :) ... What an open boldness and freedom I thought! As years passed, I was more and more impressed with the movie and the incredible play, but my feelings came to a kind of blend of enjoyment from a real piece of cinematographic art and a bitter sense of a concept diametrically opposed to me 14 -yo impression: helplessness. There is an air of inevitable catastrophe occurring throughout the film, of primitive degenerate tide (personalized by Sharikov) that promotes the lives of the best thoughts that promote humanity in their territories. It is a great metaphor of the Russian revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals who are ashamed of their superiority and hope to "upgrade" the lower classes, just to exploit the power of mediocrity and be swallowed by it. A very fine and talented piece that packs a very sad idea into a brilliant satirical and elegant form. Symbolically, the film itself marked the end of the Soviet film traditions era before the Hollywood tsunami struck them over? For the most part, most Russian films seem to be judged (most of them are called blockbusters in prerelease !!! trailers and posters :). Funnily, that 'govno' episode is in no contradiction. Efenstor's comments above are the rude language of the current generation ... From what I have already said, it may seem that this may be the movie that showed the way for this, but it wasn't. A soft word according to current standards, it was pretty rude, and just rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs. VAT, re-ephenstor's lament, it is so naive that it is intellectual and uses rude lexicon, especially for Russian speakers, where a single word word can have meaning that takes sentences in translation! But I'm sorry that ALL the meaning in today's teen's talk can be expressed by cusswords. I feel this is the bigger problem than their choice of medium that is most effective for the task :) Well, this movie and the book are wonderful thoughts that they can change, or someone who can have a luxury of it.
