This movie (and yes, it's a movie - it's shot as a two-party, but the two parts come off just over 2 hours) is one of the unhealthy masterpieces of world cinema. A very well-mannered, yet utterly cruel condemnation of the Soviet regime and the nature of the person flowing through it, the film is a faithful adaptation of Mikhail Bulgakov's long-lived, unambiguous book. The sets are flawless, and the director made the brilliant decision to film in monochrome sepia, adding a sense of authenticity, where a late-80-washed color incarnation would destroy the film. I won't say much about the plot, which has to be earned by the viewer itself, but the performances are true Oscar material; Special mention goes to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with such presence, gravitas and friendly wisdom, who ends with a word or gesture, stealing every scene he is in. The second, of course, is Creation / Sharikov, who, being played by V. Tolokonnikov as a terrific perfection, is much more frightening than Hannibal Lecter, because not only does he exist in real life - all the countries are like him ran through history. <br /> <br /> While it is a socio-political allegory, it is worth mentioning that the movie is full of humor even though it is dark - there are many direct comedies that don't make me so much did not like this movie. In addition, the feeling is not only worthwhile, but also of understanding and agreement, which is always a plus. <br /> <br /> There is almost a complaint I have with this movie - the only slight mistake is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbery. I sometimes caught the "enlightened" characters. But this is a small problem. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film bypasses Western licensing companies. It's a crying shame that is one of the best movies out there, which is undamaged and untranslatable. It shouldn't be incredibly difficult. All cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily be translated. The main themes of the film should be. accessible to all). While waiting with our fingers for the Criterion edition, I consider myself creating English captions. Will see how it works.
