Okay, after reading some reviews about Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to express some misunderstanding about being a direct farewell to Nadia: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that is a ripoff of Nadia is that the pendant of Nadia and the pendant of Atlantis have so much resemblance to how it is used, origin and how it is created from the source of life that there is no doubt that it is copied. If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia are so dressed up, then you can also sit against Disney. (It was advisable for Nadia and Kida to wear those bikini style clothes in an adventure sci-fi, a similar style too). As an anime fan, I have to agree that there is some copying, but it is only in the small detail and although not many of the ideas are original (such as the wallet encryption design in Laputa, the antique mask of Princess Mononoke, the agreement of the vehicles to the Garfish submarine in Nadia, etc.). The plot itself believes I'm very original and it's amazing that Disney can do it without using Captain Nemo (the main character in Jules Verne's 20k under-sea leagues which is also the main character in Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean with similar style glasses ... As in the novel, "Lord of the Flies", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, the main character of Stargate and a dozen other "INTELLIGENT" characters would seem as if they were incompetent for the role if they entered without glasses. As for the submarines, and how the submarines are fighting (with the wide explosion of torpedoes that really look like Nautilius do), I want to declare that this is a required element for one or Atlantis involved in the plot (after all, it is a sunken city under the water). What the crew, who has a somewhat distinctive resemblance to the Nautilius crew in Nadia, can be the artwork, but I do not know any copyright infringement, as the character's personalities were completely original to me. As an anime fan who rated Nadia as the # 1 best anime, I have ever looked at today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview. But now that I've watched the movie, I regained my trust with Disney, and I have high expectations for their future movies after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie, but without me, screams to the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie and it's a plus that they've reviewed their cheesy scripts to make it even better. Also, it's amazing that they actually show that the bad people look normal, without getting upset at first (I wondered who the bad guys are and just the blonde girl kind of looks like a bad character in terms of how Disney pulls it aka makes the bad guys look really threatening)
