After watching two of his silent pants, Elena and her men (1956) were my first feature film by French director Jean Renoir, and I really enjoyed it. But I didn't watch the movie for Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, who? at age 41? Still broadcast unparalleled beauty, elegance and charm. During the early 1950s, after her scandalous marriage to Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of public favor. Her next five movies, directed by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States and I suspect Renoir's latest release did little to improve Bergman's popularity with English-speaking audiences. But she achieved her previous success with an Oscar in the same year's "Anastasia (1956)". She dies as Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a guardian angel of all sorts, who successfully and acknowledges promising men everywhere before dropping them immediately. While working on her happy charm to help the political aspirations of former General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), she finds herself in a love she will not be able to leave. This vague political film works well as a satire or a romantic comedy, as long as you don't take it too seriously; It's purely light-hearted romantic fluff. <br /> <br /> Filmed in live Technicolor, 'Elena and her men' also look fantastic, a flurry of bright colors, characters and costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamy and somewhat absorbed, not in an unlikely way, but barely a woman with high principles and beliefs. She is persuaded by a team of turbulent governors to convince General Rollan to bring about a coup, and to use her love for her to satisfy her own delusions as a "guardian angel". Perhaps the film's only just virtuous character is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband), ignoring everyone's selfish secondary motives and Elena for love and love alone. This, which Renoir proudly suggests, is what the true French do best. "Elena and her men" also endeavor, with moderate success, to expose the superficiality of upper-class French links, through Eugene's clumsy song (Jacques Jouanneau), who cannot love his servant without his fiancee entering. on them. Of course, for these series, Renoir was trying for the madcap kind of humor you might find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the movie itself is so relaxed and relaxed that energy is not there.
