First, I really enjoyed this movie and its message, which is urgent to live life to the full. Very poetic, with heartwarming and funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to watch. However, here are my "exceptions": The movie was too long and at some time it added more and more conflicts, so it started losing the main storyline. However, I do not agree with another remark that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small town. I think it was absolutely realistic! There are amazing plays everywhere, we don't just know about people who just meet us superficially. I don't like the end, which was so symbolically loaded and extremely forced. It left a bad taste because it was just too much. I didn't like so many big problems in the group being called dramatic (when some others accused others of big things, people would be just as embarrassed to vote so personally before everyone, even those people are a group you work closely with). And to defend yourself is the strongest instinct of man. So why on earth would Daniel beat himself and never fight back, not even to defend himself? I mean he wasn't weak, at least he could try to defend himself if he was attacked, but it just made me crazy to see him do nothing. It was as if the narrator did not need a message such as 'violence', but the way he decided to do so was not good. I'm also against violence, but the character loses credibility if he remains unaware of all the attacks. And Gabriella ... why on earth would a woman who spent years with a man hitting her go to that man when he was arrested and said: "I do not wish you any harm. You just have your best done, like all of us ". Oh yes, it's so spoiled! Was she going to be a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not so nearly "holy" and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and the music so great that it made her forget about all the things that happened to her? Oh please. So it was the spoiling moments. Still, I still think it is a wonderful movie that is incredible enough, which gives me discomfort with a lot of things. Beware !! ;-) "
