Well-known international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack with his stressed busy professional life and interrupts his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, where his mother was away when he was a seven-year-old boy tested by Conny and other schoolmates to experience a low life. He buys an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but Daniel's reluctant and shame refuses to do so. However, he becomes involved with the community and is attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the choir members, who influence their daily lives: the slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), the wife of Stig, releases her repressed sexuality. Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude towards her abused and violent man; the gossip and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart against Lena; the fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough against the jokes of the businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); even Daniel began to love people and Lena as the love of his life. Daniel is invited to participate in an important game in Vienna. Thanks to Daniel, his music is the heart of people who make his dream come true. <br /> <br /> "So Som Heaven" is a touch and sensitive movie with a very beautiful story. It is impressive how director Kay Pollak and the screenwriters could develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are top-notch, supported by a beautiful music party and at least two wonderful moments: when Gabrielle sings her song in the concert, and definitely the last concert in Vienna with the audience, jury and all who participate in the melody and make Daniel his dream comes true. As in "Theorem", the stranger changes the lives, not just of a family, but of a conservative community. Furthermore, like many European films, the open conclusion suggests that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, achieving peace with the success of his music. My eyes became wet in these two scenes. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
