Kay Pollak's 2004 Heart-warmer As I am in heaven / As it is in Heaven, every stereotype of Swedish humanity and inhumanity still contains a crowd-enjoyment. It contains numerous ammunition for cynical critics, continuity error potters and saccharin debunkers, but portrays the colors of life in a small community. The movie also plays the saying of proverbial messages about 'find your own voice' and 'do it only in fear' without completely removing the clump of the chicks' throat. <br /> <br /> Its success as a crowd pleaser comes from two facts. First, small films about aliens bringing new life to rural Christian communities offer plenty of room for the exposure of hypocrisy, while at the same time breaking out suppressed characters from their shirts. In the same year and with a similar Swedish breeze, The Queen of Sheba's Pearls did this, and Babette's Feast also appeared. Secondly, any film about small communities going on the whole world will hit a human chord in our increasingly individual / self-directed and impersonal world. This film's structural agreement with such as The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and on a clear day shows his guilt to the formula. But it's a life-changing formula, and it seems to be because people need positive message films that create a sense of community, in spite of themselves. <br /> <br /> The stranger is burnt out maestro Daniel Daréus on a quest for self-rediscovery. The town he visits, or rather repeats, is unknown to the townspeople, the place of his childhood. He was ruthlessly tested here by classmates, presumably because he was a sensitive musician without aspiration to drive a truck. Here he takes the post of office / choirmaster, despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. The place is naturally populated by a wide variety of recognizable types whose character bows can be predicted: the broken, savvy, fair girl so beautiful she almost glows; the cellphone-calling local businessman; the woman whose beauty is lost in the midst of domestic abuse; the solid pastor and his less strict woman, who initially looked right from Ingmar Bergman. Also present: jealous, untried spider (Siv) (check); geriatric whose soul is still singing (check); elderly couple who have suppressed each other's desires since the kindergarten (check); obese person whose function is to point out we should not laugh and say greasy (check); intellectually handicapped son who proves that he can sing a good 'A' (check). <br /> <br /> However, Pollak's movie isn't quite fuzzies. It derives from the 'Let's put a show in spite of setbacks and moral opposition' sub-genre. It contains violence and an end that may be a metaphor for dying after creative nirvana is reached. The violence of the movie is usually a function of male anger and oppression, but never goes deep into why the school bully that comes up in a women's clerk is so. Likewise, the small group Pastor keeps so close to the moralistic, black-carrying super-protestant stereotype that his secret indulgence in medieval magazines is almost surprising. His oppression and hypocrisy are just there, pending what is not related to psychological reality. Perhaps the inexplicable picture of a young boy, a lost boy, may face his shoulder once, keep the secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are editing features, such as various inconsistencies and continuity disturbances that may be like Siv's unexplained chorus revival (twice) to moralistic outbursts. In fact, none of the witches in the film are very long and everything looks resolved within a scene. Except in some awkward love scenes, the movie's 127 minutes rarely drag, but there is a feeling that things can be left on the cutter floor. <br /> <br /> The movie remains solid three-star prize despite the holes that can be plugged into it. It's simply because in a world of technology-focused movie and materialistic self-seeking, a look at the human community, deep, welcome to anyone, even the cynical.
