It is a very large BBC TV mini series loosely based on a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is really more of a study of the various characters in the story, which lasts five hours. So it's a lot of an ensemble piece where the wide variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can recognize their talent. The real characters portrayed are truly "the kind of people one doesn't normally meet", people are so boring and indescribable that it's hard to admire them. For example, the main character is a young man (the one whose wife disappears) who has no job and no apparent interest in finding any. He lives out of handouts from his in-laws. He was once in the army, but did not seem to be the slightest flash of any ambition or any interest in life except to dot on his small family. He is played by David Oyelowo, who comes brilliantly from the side, as a completely sympathetic person, although his only activities have been five hours of love and mourning, which he does excellently so that he can comfort him as he is so natural. " a good guy. The striking performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who enters circles around everyone in the story. She is simply incredible. She depicts a very indifferent woman, indeed the only character in the story all known to everyone, namely an irrational, hysterical, self-centered, dense, tormented, blindly loving and blindly hated, older idiot woman. Unfortunately, we know them too well. Wilton is one of Britain's best actresses (see my review of her in 'Half Broken Things'). She takes a character that could be two-dimensional and make her four-dimensional. She is wonderfully supported by old pro-Patrick Malahide, who plays her excited man, and the two indeed set a high standard for all the younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she is younger, has become a much less sympathetic type of person, as she is older, somehow distorted and one off, but she relieves herself in the latter stages of the story by show how brilliant an actress she can be when she has a chance to pull off one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes I've ever seen on film. The big surprise is the mysterious character Sarah, played with great depth and originality by actress Sarah Smart. She takes a character that could be indifferently boring and through her dramatic magic she turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person over whom we are tirelessly wondering for the entire five hours. She's so good about us finally wondering about Sarah Smart, honestly. I think that's what happens when you really do work, people are wondering where the character ends and the actress starts, knowing herself, it's and not. She has some deeply disturbing tricks with her eyes rocking and letting us know that she is undisturbed, but we don't know how or why, although we eventually learn that she had a very violent and traumatic youth. Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is incredibly convincing as a seemingly hopeless fellow living with his mother and not too much, but what appears to have hidden depths. (I think most people have hidden depths but want to plump them, that's the question.) His mother is indeed very well played by Margot Leicester. A beautiful show is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a whimsical, rebellious teenage girl of the kind we all fear to meet, but who, at critical moments, fall into helpless tears and seem pathetic, with all her arrogance just an attitude. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend, and her younger half-brother and half-sister. The younger brothers and sisters can indeed be very dull as characters in the story (they can't say anything that is particularly pronounced, hopelessly witnesses of the disappearance), with little to command them, but their sweet nature, but it becomes by Lee a wonderful effect. Massey as the boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not get much of her, it is a pity, because she is such a good actress that she has been wasted here. One can keep on, but one has to draw a line somewhere. The series manages to be strangely fascinated by the depth of the depiction of all these essentially uninteresting people trapped in a web of intense anxiety and tension.
