Another definite program of World War II, World War II, is not only long but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes), and includes the events that follow and follow the war. Most episodes are about war in Europe, and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and home fronts of Germany, Great Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is one episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode of a New Germany (1933-1939), and tells about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and German territorial gains before the outbreak of the war. The series ends with the episode Remember; the influence of war in a post-war world. Remember is an appropriate episode to end this great program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with opening points. The credits are accompanied by a powerful music theme. There are many appropriate pieces of music in the series. Every episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is fantastic, and so is the way it is composed. In addition, some of the footage is in color. The information included also makes the episodes memorable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Commissioned in 1969, it took four years to produce, so was the depth of its research. The series was told by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century). The series of surveyed prominent members of the Allied and Axis campaigns, including eyewitness accounts by citizens, nominated men, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in the "Making of the World at War" he was looking to maintain, not necessarily the surviving big names, but their assistants and assistants. The most difficult topic to find and persuade to interview is, according to Isaacs Heinrich Himmler's advisor, Karl Wolff. The latter allowed to see a large-scale performance in Himmler's presence. <br /> <br /> The World in War is often regarded as the definitive television history of World War II. Some consider it the best example of the documentary form. In a list of the 100 largest British television programs set up by the British Film Institute in 2000, they voted professional professionals, The World at War is 19th. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes, I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one by one. I saw some of them several times. There are two other major documentaries that I know might be of interest to the viewer. One is called the Great War (1964) which deals with World War I. The other is the Cold War (1998), which obviously deals with the Cold War.
