This is Paul F. Ryan's first and only full length. He hasn't done anything since then. However, he managed to get an incredible ensemble cast to portray the characters of his story. I don't know when or why the idea appeared in his head, but Ryan wrote a script that later became his own directed movie, "Home room". Busy Philipps carries the movie on her shoulders as Alicia, a troubled girl; those we always see in television series. With dark hair and black clothes; A packet of cigarettes in the bag, strange looks and disturbing eyes (with makeup, of course). An event happened at her school; a shooting. Some students died, and she saw everything. Now detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) is investigating the case and, as expected, Alicia is a suspect. But the shooting is just the genesis; The movie is not about shooting. <br /> <br /> In bed in a hospital room is Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen). She is one of the survivors of the hospital. The writing establishes a connection between them, by the principal (James Pickens Jr). He helps all the students recover from the event, but Alicia doesn't seem to care. She is isolated. So the principal punishes her; She has to visit Deanna every day for up to five hours. Then the movie starts. <br /> <br /> I can't even describe how wonderful I think the movie is. I can identify with the characters and the situations in which they live; I like reality. These things can happen to anyone. And the things they say are quite understandable. They grow up and try to deal with things they have not experienced; they do their best. Without knowing it, Alicia (when she first visits Deanna) and Deanna (when she sees Alicia standing in front of her) begins a journey that will define their personalities and ideas for the next step in life; to high school. <br /> <br /> The director leads Christensen and Philipps very well through their roles. Look at the contrast between them. Deanna looks naive and with simple thoughts; no complexity in her mind. When Alicia entered her room and saw tons of flowers, she asked, "Who brought them?" "Many people," answered Deanna; but some days later we learn that they are from her parents, who come every week. The parents are all well represented, but not as important as their boys' characters. Deanna is lonely. Alicia looks mature and violent; smoke cigarettes and talk roughly. But after two days of visiting, she finds herself back to hospital every day; even sleeping in Deanna's room. If they both fought, I believe Deanna says, "Why do you stay back?" Alicia is also lonely. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie, without destroying it, is a bit disappointing; It was something I didn't wait for. It eliminates some of the power the movie has. The revelation comes completely unnecessary; ruin the logical climax that the movie could have had. It was an excellent writing anyway. and an excellent direction. A damn fine movie. <br /> <br /> As far as Erika Christensen is concerned, it was the role she needed to fly higher. Her role in "Traffic" was impressive, but that was the big step; the lead. Maybe not much had the chance to see her in this movie, and it is a pity. She hasn't made one false move ever since. She even came out with good performances in horrible movies. On the other hand, Busy Philipps, who was very promising in this movie (which is a transformation), does not have many opportunities for other roles. <br /> <br /> The same thing I say about Paul F. Ryan (in the direction of curse), and I expect he is now sitting in his computer and completing his new script; I'm waiting for his next movie. I hope best for everyone.
