The music and Laurence Olivier's bleak performance make the show perfect for this outstanding documentary. It's still a must see for WWII buffs, descendants of the contestants, politicians who think things are always going their way when they expand their foreign policy over the deck of a plane carrier (you've heard George Bush ) and anyone else is curious or needs to know who and what is an aspect of that conflict. The 26 episodes are approximately chronological, but can be seen in sequence because they are more or less self-damaged. There must be new insight for the new viewer because of the sheer volume offered. Actual footage of the battles is confused with interviews with those involved in the stories. Many of the interviews are with dual authorities, that is, support staff to the main characters, privates, chiefs, secretaries, eyewitnesses and the like. You get a real foremost taste from which everything goes. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching the DVD version of the original television documentary. I highly recommend it for the exhausted, moderate, over-performing VHS offers available on eBay. I paid $ 120 for five double-sided DVD discs. This new version contains bonus material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow. First there is a choice of which episode you want to watch and then after choosing that option to get several chapters in the episode or to play the whole episode. This is understandable with such a comprehensive presentation. There is a small amount of more navigation in the menu, but the impact of what you will see will not be reduced after 30 years, no, after 60 years since the war has ended. <br /> <br /> I remember watching the first broadcast on the Buffalo PBS station just before moving from London in 1975 and from that time on I wanted a copy. Now my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> See this documentary version. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges conquered by America, Russia, Britain, Canada and all the other nations and people involved in the final victory. What an eye-catcher.
