This interesting feature has a very fine storyline, fairly colorful characters and a very consistent fit. It also features a plot device of "Reap the Wild Wind" and since Cecil B. Deille managed it and his son-in-law, Anbthony Quinn, arranged this film of his preparations. It can be almost accidental. It works in both cases, I have to report. The unusual setting tells the viewer that Barataria, an island ruled by Jean Lafitte, was built on piracy, but during the 1812 war, and previously he always refrained from bothering the United States vessels. Now genl. Andrew Jackson charged with defense from near New Orleans with only 12,000 men at 60,000 British Imperial dresses and 60 ships. Lafitte's men want him to be with the stronger force; He wants freedom and forgiveness for his men before sending such a strategic landing point to US forces. There are other factors at work in the story line; pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack American ships and do so contrary to Lafitte's orders, and let a boy live without knowing that they have missed an eyewitness. When his evidence finally comes out, Jackson cannot give what Lafitte is asking; but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the mist the pirates and Jackson fall the British, and he sails away to what destination is waiting for a man who has genius and statesmanship, but not fortune. The film of this colorful and physically pleasing film is indeed proficient. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as the pirate queen, Inger Stevens is beautiful; As the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has very good lines as his adviser, powerful Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall governor, and Claire Bloom is charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Others in the film include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull, including Jackson Advisor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. The music by Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the 1938 essay made here just had to be refreshed. The shining cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs. The collection is provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler. The decoration is by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore made the difficult makeup. The movie contains quite a fun adventure level dialogue and a very strong climate battle. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, willing to play the part of an older general and then discover that the man was young at the time of the battle; but he is often effective, gray or not, especially in exchange with Henry Hull as mr. Peavey. It is an exciting and well-mounted entertainment, which looks exactly like C.B. DeMille completed its production; it is a beautiful and almost a very fine movie.
