If my expectations were not exceeded, they were definitely met. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and a comedy. It pays tribute to the books on which it is based and at the same time spoofs. The movie starts with a close-up on a bookshelf and an animated credit line that matches illustrations from the books. It immediately begins to relieve the books. Author / director Andrew Fleming seems ridiculous to the idea of ​​a teenage girl who regularly breaks the crime rings in a small town, and therefore he does not treat the idea religiously. He picks up fun on Nancy Drew's ability to do something, like every class class in school, knows which baked treat is perfect to turn any enemy on her side, make a bird house with twelve flying buttocks and even run a distress tracheotomy at a party. Nancy'd always in perfect style, if she lives in the healthy 1950s instead of the present day L.A. And she wears a sleuth kit with fingerprint fabric, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Righteous, of course, but I want to remember the Hardy Boys' access at any given moment to be a bit too comfortable for CSI equipment. And if the beautiful pipsqueak private eye is a little younger than her literary counterpart, it's just more comical exaggeration on the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the movie is handled more seriously. Nancy and her attorney-father move from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy is in a cold bag, which includes the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home decades ago. Nancy is looking for clues in some pretty practical ways, such as surfing websites like Google and this one and watching old videotapes of the victim's movies. When she does something more, you must admire the girl's ingenuity. Emma Roberts, an undeniably cute child, plays the pint-size amateur sleuth beautifully. She loves the perfect girl completely, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also wonderful as the too-perfect girl's dad, Carson Drew. He is an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect, and he shows reasonable concern for his daughter while in danger. Less likely is Max Thierot's attack on Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I prefer George O'Hanlon Jr. 's performance in the 1970s with Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a gawky, uncomfortable child with a little loved one at Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a 12-year-old in love with Nancy, is much less annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker look fittingly like Nancy's gall pals, Bess and George, but they only make short comos at the start of the movie. <br /> <br /> Speaking of cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison "Ocean's 13"), and Bruce Willis make everyone a surprise event, which just proves you can never see which movie Bruce Willis will come up in the next no. <br /> <br /> The movie fails to live to a degree of potential. Earlier, mention was made of the fact that Drews' new home was caught very booby, but Nancy and her father were stumbling over a few minutes later on booby traps. Nancy also describes the cold case she is going to investigate as a murder that takes place at an exorbitant party, which many potential murderers have to deliver, but she has met only a handful of suspects. And while Nancy's adventures are a few moments of real tension, the solution comes out of nowhere, and eventually all possible wires are tied and comfortable. Ralph Sall's score adds to the movie's suspense, but the contemporary teenage farmer's songs wrapped in the soundtrack are lame. Yet, I really enjoy this movie, and while the movie is mainly aimed at tween girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy it.
