"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And what's most about it is the relationship between reality and the art that the movie is about, which is inspired directly by Proust's "A la Recherche du temps perdu". Indeed, "La Maman et la putain" and "Looking for lost time" tell the same story: one of the failure of love, which repeats itself endlessly. The first woman's name is always Gilberte, and the second woman looks like a twisted and distorted double of Gilberte: Veronika is like a "whore Gilberte", beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful like the day" . After the failure of the first love, a second love begins, but this one is doomed by the first. Veronika takes the place of Gilberte in Alexandre's life and in the movie. She gradually darkened her, only from time to time, Gilberte still occurs when Alexandre waits for Veronika, then completely. It shows that this is the same sad story that repeats itself, the same "unfaithful woman," as Alexandre says, appearing endlessly - and unfaithfulness to Proust is the higher point in love that makes it, but also underlines his illusions. /> <br /> Art is what causes the part between what is outside - the illusion of love - to be within, which is the truth and a doctrine of this truth. For example, when Veronika noticed the funny way, Alexandre made bed, he replied that he had seen it in a movie, and then a movie, "it was made to learn how to live, how to bed. make". Alexander wants to live like he was in a movie, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This concept of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in the art. "La Maman et la Putain" fights a concept of "principal politics" - see, for example, the ironic review of a Alexandre film. As Proust says, "Art does not care for all these proclamations, and exists only in silence." First, art is introspection. And that is also why realism or naturalism is rejected: art must transform reality into existence. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie". Therefore, "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its artificiality, underline the way the actors say their text: "The more you are artificial, the higher you go," Eustache said. <br /> <br /> Eustache and Proust both share this idea that the artist is a "translator" of an inner truth. But, Alexandre failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us the failure of a character to be what he really is. You can observe the tragedy when you go further into the movie, which is the worst. You can see it in the eyes of Alexandre, who looks more and more like a living dead. You can see this by the fact that the scenes are getting longer, and nothing happens after a while. At the end of the movie, if you write Alexandrics, and Veronika asks if he is writing his life, you can guess that he is not, even the literature failed. The end of the movie shows the symbolic death of Alexander, which is being crushed by the suffering of reality. And in this little nurse's room, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a Balzac's reader. In "Forme et signification" Jean Rousset states that the readers of Balzac, who are Swann and Charlus, are unable to have any artistic creation, because they are actually stuck, which they are mistaken for in art. They see reality in art and are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of an artist and his work between reality and art. And that's exactly Alexandre. For example, he claims he "loves a woman of parallel reasons, for example, because she played in a Bresson". He is like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli's wife. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my calling". This thought is indeed by Eustache, who committed suicide, even though Alexandre said it. Yet there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like a double without art, a terrible vision of the artist who crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> Falling to Veronika at the End of the Movie, Alexandre is condemned to illusions. It is death that reminds me of the last frames of the movie, in the face of Jean-Pierre Leud as well as in the endless pucking of Veronika. Or maybe it's all the hell that describes the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and certainly not as in the final liberation of Le Temps retrouvé. When Eustache Proust read, Alexandre could never have completed the book, always disturbed by life and Veronika when he tried to read it at his apartment or in the cafe. "La Maman et la Putain" is like an inverted double of "Looking for Lost Times", which tells how Alexander does not become an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" tells how Marcel becomes author (Genette). . <br /> <br /> As an artist, like Baudelaire says, "reality in the light of his dream," it's nightmare that Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la putain".
