In what could be seen as a coup against the sexual "revolution" (deliberately using quotes for that word), Jean Eustache wrote the Mother and the Hear as a poetic, damning criticism of those who cannot get enough love . If there is a message to this movie, and I hope the message will come first after the Ben-Hur length feature continued. It is to be honest, there must be some. level of happiness, of real truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the outcome if no one can really have what they really want, or can they even express to say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth about the relationships that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? He is a twenty-something-pseudo-intellectual, not with any apparent work, and he likes a wife, Marie (Bernadette Lafont), slightly older than him and is usually, if not always, his lover, his last. possible love-of-his-life left him, and then he immediately picked up a woman he saw on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who might remind him. Soon, what unfolds is the most subtle, dry love triangle ever placed on film, where the psychological strings are drawn with the cruel words and the slightest of gestures. Initially we think it's all about what will happen to Alexandre, but we're wrong. The women are so essential to this issue of love and sex that they have to play around and talk about, so something can sink. <br /> <br /> We are told that part of the sexual revolution, in theory, if not entirely in practice (maybe it was, I can't say I wasn't alive in the time to get it firsthand see), that freedom led to a lack of inhibitions. But Eustache's point, if not quite message, is that it is virtually impossible to have both ways: you can't have people love you and expect the satisfaction of the ultimate company that "f *** ing" "Arriving, to get if the characters refer over and over. <br /> <br /> The theme and theme of the Mother and the Whore are this fear under the debauchery, the lack of monogamy, while also stimulating the intellect in the talks you have ever had in a watched movie. . At the same time, we see a character like Alexandre, who probably likes to hear himself talking about whether it is about a movie he saw or something bad about his past. Eustache makes it so that the film itself is not pretentious - even though it seems - but it is about pretentiousness, which lies among those who cover their internal mistakes, which they need to use when they are finally alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought of movies like Before Sunrise / Sunset were talking to a talk, you didn't meet it. But as Eustache appears in the dialogues, these characters sometimes have trivial or 'deep', or sexual, or honest, or sometimes extremely emotional (or muted) emotional. It is never, ever uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who can't get enough of a * good * talky movie, it's exceptional. While his style does not call for the audacity that came with his predecessors in the nouvelle vague a dozen years ago, Eustache's new wave touch is with the characters, and then again on them. <br /> <br /> This is realism with a spike of attitude, with things that are scattered and sarcastic at times, crude and without shame. All three actors are so stuck to their characters that we can never see them as an emotion or a melodrama feeling. It is almost too good in naturalistic / realism terms, but for Eustache's material there is no other way about it. Luckily, Leaud delivers the coronation chip of his career of the period, and both ladies, especially Labrun as the "whore" Veronika (a claim she contradicts in the film's climax of one in one unbroken shot). And as a different touch, so often, the director will be thought of in a quiet mind, of a character who is sitting alone, listening to a record and being taken into account. It is likely to have the greatest impact on Jim Jarmusch, who has dedicated his movie Broken Flowers to Eustache, and especially has one scene being fully (and lovingly) uplifted by the late Parisian approach. <br /> <br /> Before saying Broken Flowers, I never heard of Eustache or this movie, and it has become quite a challenge (not available on American DVD, and on VHS so scarcely followed many months by several libraries). Not a minute of that time was wasted; The Mother and the Whore are truly beautiful work, one of the best French relationship dramas, perhaps even one of the most exaggerated ones I have seen of the country in general. It's complex, it's sweet, it's cold, it absorbs, and it's very long, maybe too long. It's also satisfying on the kind of level I compare with Scenes of marriage; True revelations about the human condition remain 35 years after each film's release.
