Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981), like so many leading French filmmakers, nowadays belongs to the big strangers whose movies are hard to find and are not released on international DVDs. As we have a good old-fashioned video store in Tucson, I had the chance to see this 3 1/2 hour marathon masterpiece not ten seconds boring. <br /> <br /> Since we're talking about One of the most discussed (and most controversially discussed) movies of all time, I have the impression that the endless dialogues, which are originally characteristic of Jacques Rivette's early Nouvelle Vague or Alain Resnais, almost ridiculous in this movie. The dialogues are basically monologues, especially the longest spoken by Jean-Pierre Leaud. The most distinctive feature is that the intersections of two-person speeches are almost zero. Leud, or his character, Alexandre, would like to tell more about himself than about the topics he seems to be talking about. Therefore, one can hardly talk about communication in this movie. It is quite possible that the director had a gigantic satire in mind against the idle running of the once so-discussed political and sociological ideas, but the kind of man Alexandre always exists, we already find him in Petron's Satiricon, what works really has great similarities to "The Mother and the Whore." Alexandre not only does nothing but he has developed his own kind of metaphysics about the absence of acting, at least acting in the sense of responsibility towards society whose part he is. He mocks the people running at 7:00 in the morning to work, just drinking his last drink before going to bed in one of his girlfriends' money from where he lives. He cannot speak one sentence without quoting one of the foremost thinkers between Niezsche and Bernanos. Particularly Sartre, who is quickly displayed in the French intellectual cafe "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexandre also sits all day, must apologize for the way in which Alexandre and his colleagues live because they have an existential crisis of bourgeois nausea. . However, Alexandre's intellectual speeches appear to be pseudo-intellectual, and the sentences and quips he calls appear to come from a dictionary of quotes rather than from his actual reading of the various books. <br /> <br /> true: this film requires a very broad European knowledge, especially the delicacy of French existentialist philosophy and its consequences for the 68-student revolution movement, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life by being stunned in the TV and crying with laughter as you probably haven't done it long ago.
