Jake Speed ​​is a movie that lacks one thing ?? a charismatic advantage. Unfortunately, this is something that really does the whole movie and it is unfortunate because it is a pleasing action movie with a spectacular writing and an interesting, distant, point of departure. Although it is genesis, can it be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? the movie actually plays a bit more like 'Romancing the Stone', though in reverse order. It is not a writer of romantic adventure fiction that is led on an adventure by character, just like one of her creations. It is an adventure fiction character (who wrote his own adventures) that leads an ordinary woman to one of his adventures. /> <br /> If a young woman misses in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by the handsome Karin Kopins) is named with the pullovers Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his sidekick Dennis (Dennis Christopher). be real and very deficient individuals in an adventure that brings them into the heart of a civil war torn African state and eventually into the bridges of two brothers, the nice bad Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculous camp brother-brother Maurice (Roy London ). This is the plot ?? It is not labyrinthine and it is not complicated, but the story it tells does not require much depth. <br /> <br /> The action ranges are appealing to start with and it is certainly true that the heroic trio are being put to their feet (whether caught in fights between government and rebel forces or in a pit of lions caught) and there are definitely some funny lines. However, the film seems to be struggling to end, and unfortunately the action sequences that are pretty attractive to start are nowhere to be and eventually become a bit thin and annoying. However, this may not be a problem if it were possible to keep Jake Speed, but because of Wayne Crawford's performance it is getting harder to really see what's happening. Now I do not know if he is stretching himself a little, because he was also the producer and writer of the movie or whether he is simply not a good actor (as I have not seen him much more), but he never did really convinced This is a shame because most other characters play their roles well? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing and her character shares a bit with Jake (unfortunately it is never convinced). Dennis Christopher is perfect as archetypal sidekick and John Hurt plays the part with campfire? almost as if he were in a sixties episode of Batman. He stretches over his few scenes that grow into a ridiculous cock-accent, which takes place in a show that is almost in another movie. Sid is not Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's nemesis from a number of his previous adventures / books), but he is always nice to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries the same B movie spirit as Night of the Comet (a movie that Crawford has suggested for a few years) and almost succeeds, but misses? which is a pity because Jake would have been good looking in some adventures and perhaps better served by a television series. <br /> <br /> I would recommend it out of curiosity, but eventually it makes a bitter taste because most elements were there to make something really good.
