Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation that they have little real depth. Arms and the Man, prove that the idea is false. Shaw's play is full of comedic drama, combining an entertaining plot with true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man are a successful and somewhat unique, romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in war; Her fiancee and her father are both military officers. She was shocked, one night at the arrival of a hostile soldier. She saves him and knows that she must keep the incident a secret from her family forever, and the soldier eventually goes out. Of course, once the war is over, the soldier returns and forces each of the primary characters to revalue their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It's very interesting how Shaw layers mean in the rather standard comic plot. . Shaw can comment on class structures, on the absurdity of war and even on the nature of love. And of course he does it with the Shavian white and within a satisfying plot. There is so much here to think that I can miss a lot in a single look. Weapons and the man are an excellent comedic theater and are definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is both an amusing and thought-provoking movie that retains its relevance even today, more than a century after its first grasp. Shaw mocks the popular theories of war and love, combining a military satire with a ghost about love and family structure. The play flashes white, lively humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is the statement by Captain Bluntschli to Serguis: "I'm a professional soldier: I'm fighting when I have to do it and I'm very happy to get it out if I don't have to. You're just an amateur, you think battle is an entertainment. Indeed, as a Swiss hotel keeper's son, Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in the war and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questioned patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and the army from both sides of the battle and at the end shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. <br /> <br /> The dialogue and sarcasm used to understand the general concepts of life is entangled with a gentle assurance of the movement of the story to a fairy tale end. The end where all characters are made happy and lovers change and move love is what underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy. It is a movie that retains its image of a universal appeal and is still relevant today when the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and the Man" must maintain its relevance as long as there is love and war.
