Doyle never wanted to revive Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in the ADVENTURE OF THE FINAL PROBLEM. However, financial considerations made him willing to write THE HAT OF THE BASKERFILLES in 1901, which is still considered his best Holmes novel and possibly his best novel. But it was a "memoir" of the great detective written before his death. Just a bigger call from his public leader, Doyle, to fully revive Holmes in the 1905 ADVENTURE OF THE EMPTY HOUSE. <br /> <br /> It's not that the new short stories (and the last novel) are really bad. . Perhaps three of the stories are very terrible, but even the terrible people are very readable. Several of the later (like the adventure of the solitary cyclist) are really good. But the inequality of production (especially after the stories in SY LAST BOW (1917)) is becoming increasingly apparent. He repeated previous story lines, and he shows really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story, the adventure of the three gables Holmes shows a sarcasm of a character of African descent. <br /> <br /> SPOILER COMES: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON'S ADVENTURE is about Holmes trying to recover Milverton's most successful extortionist letters. This is an interesting example of how Doyle can make a very readable story with a minimum of plot because there is little real-time tracking in the story. Holmes is hired to negotiate with Milverton on the purchase of the letters, but to get them back, no matter what! Milverton not only proves that he will not consider a smaller amount for the papers, but is prepared to protect himself from Holmes seeking a search for his person. Later we learn that Holmes came to Milverton's household by romancing a girl while he was disguised. In the end, Holmes goes with Watson to put in Milverton's house. He and Watson are at home when they find that Milverton is waiting for a new business deal in his study (someone with information that Milverton can use). Carefully hiding, watching Holmes and Watson as a woman, which appears to be a victim of collateral damage to Milverton's previous activities, and killing the extortionist. Holmes and Watson are able to fire Milverton's collection of compromise documents before fleeing home, and then discovering the woman's identity. Police (under Lestrade) do not discover who saw the two mysterious men of Milverton's house, and they are so disgusting about Milverton's activities (they could never bring anything against him) that it is clear that the murder will never be no. solved. <br /> <br /> The story is not one of the fascinating features of real-world exploration involved in the SPRING BAND ADVENTURE or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of mood and late action. The problem is that Holmes and Watson get the papers or will they be captured by Milverton? This is not one of the best stories, but it is really well told and interesting in most of the stories. <br /> <br /> By that time he wrote CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had an experience with the police about his sometimes activities as a highly respected amateur detective / crusader. An artist was killed in his studio in London and Conan Doyle began writing his views on how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard that the murder didn't just know. The victim was a homosexual, and the police were sure it was a lover's spit, which went terribly wrong. For the sake of the victim's family (that was in 1905) Doyle dropped his interest in the case. So he was aware that British police sometimes wore restraint on matters that did not justify their full investigation - such as Lestrade's self-restraint against those who murdered the villains Milverton in the story. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story it could be told in the normal hour-long version of the series. But the phone call for THE MASTER BLACKMAILER has been for some time facing the terrible dilemma of Milverton's victims (in Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young aristocratic army officer who killed himself if he faced homosexual exposure because of Milverton's excessive demands, all at the start of the phone call. And it's not just gay. Men and women of good reputation in heterosexual marriages can be smeared by uncovering illegal children or past indiscreet relationships. Indeed, in the story, the woman who kills Milverton destroys the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) destroyed by the extortionist. <br /> <br /> Milverton played well at his most poisonous fatigue by that fine actor Robert Hardy, who, even if he is confronted with the unexpected freaks he has unleashed, is totally untouched wife has his home in a moment. Brett and Hardwicke are doing pretty well in their Holmes and Watson roles, which are expected. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of character by rumor or innuendo in 1905? In 1898, one of the heroes of the various imperial wars and the leader of the last victory in the battle of Omdurman who destroyed the Mahdist army (see FOUR FOURS), was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly resigned unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot him in a hotel while hearing a kind of audience. It later found out that "Fighting Mac", which is often considered the most popular army commander in Britain, is being captured by sleeping with native boys. Milverton would have eaten him very quickly ... or would have had real peers.
