'Renaissance (2006)' was created over a period of six years, co-funded by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of about 14 million. The end result is a staggering performance of comic book animation, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved at Sin City (2005), but this movie used motion picture recording with live actors to translate their faces and movements into a complete animated format. The film is presented in sharp black and white, and seems to be hoisted from the pages of the graphic novel on which it is based. The futuristic city of Paris is ominous above us. Arranged by French filmmaker Christian Volckman, in his debut of a feature length, "Renaissance", draws significantly from other films in the science fiction genre, and the technological storyline is not something we have not seen before. But from a technical point of view, it's flawless. <br /> <br /> The year is 2054. The city of Paris is an invigorating metropolis filled with dark corridors and deserted footpaths. The recent installation of modern technology simply offers a thin mask to the spicy deterioration of the dark buildings. The city's largest corporation, Avalon, has gained wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth. The company's research department is constantly striving to find out more ways to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (voiced by Romola Garai in the English version, which I watched), a brilliant young scientist, is secretly kidnapped on her return from work, and it also falls to legendary detective Barthelémy Karas (Daniel Craig) to uncover her present where. Perhaps the key to the disappearance of wife, Bislane (Catherine McCormack), is Ilona's hardened older sister, whose reliability is in the business, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the dedicated medical doctor who worships Ilona as his own daughter . <br /> <br /> The ominous, enlightened city of Paris is reminiscent of Ridley Scott's 'Blade Runner (1982)', and some of the technologies seem to be borrowed from Tom Cruise in 'Minority Report (2002)'. {which happened to be in the year 2054}. However, despite this fame, Volckman has created an exciting world for his characters to inhabit. The combination of classic film noir and science fiction, the result is a conspicuous collage of loud lighting and dark shadows, which I have to warn, sometimes becomes difficult on the viewer's eyes. The dialogue is sometimes a bit banal, and the story, though tempting, offers nothing strikingly original (except for the end, which I thought was a fat twist on the regular formula), but "Renaissance" is meant To work best as a visual treat, and to succeed in this regard, cannot be denied.
