Every second of the movie is beautiful. And so it deserves a 7, because the plot is not particularly dirty and over the last 90 minutes thought back. I never had an excitement or investment in the characters. In any case, the luxury graphics and framework made some scenes (for example, the car hunt) more pedestrians than they should be - not that they don't look pretty, and which have very original design and sometimes new camera angles - but they lack the kinetic motion and near-shots that are part of the language for any normal action / thriller. The first hour runs along, and the dialogue feels very edited and a few stages - people are waiting for each other to end and do not always respond in a natural cadence, which would be a problem to get each individual's dialogue separately. sign. In rare cases, the emotions in the voices do not really fit on the scenes; something that really had to be avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens, beautiful smoke / mirage / special effects) and nice cars, but again - this is more a graphic design exercise that has no real impact on the story. I would argue that the whole point of using signed animation (instead of actors / CGI) is to really push the boundaries of imagination and design; to do too difficult / impractical in other mediums. Although the animation in Renaissance was definitely amazing and incredibly well achieved, I never felt I saw anything that hadn't been done before. <br /> <br /> Another French CGI film, Immortel also suffers from an imbalance of beauty and story. To be honest, some wonderful and engaging French movies also have a thin pace, and dipping shots of the look in someone's eyes or the rain on Paris bells can evoke great emotions - but animators must understand that while animation brings unique strengths, it also has weaknesses compared to the real technique. Perhaps it will break out of the 'noir' rules the film wants to meet, but I think the filmmakers have also missed a spectacular opportunity to explore their future society a bit more - the social strata, the fascist grip of the corporations etc. . <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending Renaissance to anyone who enjoys stylistic design and / or animation (especially Manga fans), but I won't make my other movie friends. Remove the beautiful footage and it's a scarce average movie.
