I am glad to say almost only positive things about the film with Karas and the Tasuiev sisters, RENAISSANCE. <br /> <br /> First of all, it looks like it should; A boys adventure, RENAISSANCE is the story of a police investigation in search of a missing young scientist Ilona Tasuiev, the geneticist and researcher of the Avalon company. <br /> <br /> The story of Karas, Ilona and Bislane, though less known as SIN CITY, is the better film, and one more appreciated by the connoisseurs. For the French comics it will be even more meaningful (I enriched my French comic book collection last week, though I'm not that long?). The atmosphere, the music, the characters, their lines, the plot are all fun and engaging. A Parisian top man, Karas, is shown to find a young woman who was a rising star of medical genetic research, Ilona Tasuiev? " A light hot blonde, whose rebel sister Bislane was erotic, I think. <br /> <br /> For me, a cute aficionado of comics and TV series, RENAISSANCE, was a wonderfully beautiful cartoon, like a repeat of a WILD WILD WEST episode. Here, a mythological past replaced with an equally mythological future and blisters but in a sense, so exciting. RENAISSANCE is not thrifty; it doesn't look good either; but it is seductive and hypnotic. In addition, it achieves sketching, though briefly a world, a real world ?? and we'll be thinking about Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, the Tasuiev sisters and Goran, Farfella and Karas who tell of his distant youth in Kasbah? . I had RENAISSANCE's feelings of some gentleness and dedication and adventure, as well as the professional, assured appearance; Among these new cartoons, this one and Linklater's Dick adjustment (- the only and first Dick adaptation ever - expressed me as beauty and real excitement. <br /> <br /> I thought the futuristic devices were appropriate And when it's not conventional, it's frightening (like the invisibility costumes). As advised, the characters came together exotic names like Bislane and Farfella, mostly from the arts and entertainment world (Goran and Ilona and Naghib ??). /> <br /> No one has noticed that RENAISSANCE's poster does have a Rourke-like, the man is Marv, who doesn't make it a SIN CITY rip-off, but not a paragon of originality, and reality there are more similarities to the Miller story, namely the dark futuristic appearance of a dilapidated society, the brio of the hero (in fact a cross of Willis character and Rourke's persona in the previous movie ??) ?? On the other hand, this mocks picture a more public air, a fringe of straightforward adventure, and in a word it's like SIN CITY for kids? Well, nice kids, I mean, because there is a little nudity on each other. For what I said, one can return to the fact that the mentioned features are characteristic, even as clichés and common places of futuristic more adult comics. true enough, and it was Oldie Miller who brought those things to the screen and RENAISSANCE has some agreements here and there. Now it is also fair that every RING should have its renaissance in every ERAGORN. I admit that I am totally partial to these pale futuristic stories, a rather special specialty.
