Take a look at the classic noir-story lines that were induced by hyper-styled black and white visual art by Frank Miller's Sin City. Then depict a dystopic, science fiction thriller, like Steven Spielberg's minority report or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Dark. A merger of the above would be a suitable way to describe visionary French director Christian Volckman's dark and atmospheric future performance in his film debut. But although Volckman's work undoubtedly refers to the aforementioned films and those similar to them, such a simplistic hybrid does not do Renaissance, Volckman's end result, justice - the film itself is a much more complex piece of work than that. <Br /> <br /> Genre hybridity is usually a hit-and-miss relationship, especially in a contemporary context, with the incidence of individuality becoming more and more exhausted. As such, Renaissance is at least commendable as a film experiment, with its unique intersection of the eager nihilism of the neo-noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the Dystopic Sci-Fi drama, which serve each other complimenting storytelling. conventions in a strange manner. The script is a clever and intriguing one (although one gets the feeling that many of the lines in the text would be much more effective in their original French than the English translation - the title of the movie is also much more poignant) to one To Stay Standing in front of the audience completely. Although many elements of the plot will be very familiar to those using such science fiction thrillers, the writing throws unexpected twists and turns them into exactly the right moment to hold the viewer on their toes and make it a truly compelling work . <Br /> <br /> Volckman's film is truly outstanding in its visual component, and the impressive black and white animation is easily the movie's highlight - excellently moody and stylish. It shows how great the aesthetic effect can be in the simple use of two shades. With the tremendous detail given to the composition and appearance of each shot, and excellent use of many noir shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears straight from a Frank Miller cartoon, but with a twist followed consistently visually cute. <br /> <br /> The film's English version is also given more credibility by its very appropriate variety of voice casts. The gruff voice of Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect piece of the grim, stoic policeman Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose sister's disappearance he is investigating. Despite a staggering English accent, Romola Garai does a good job as the French sister in demand, and Jonathan Pryce is threateningly as the shady head of the ominous mega-corporation Avalon. Ian Holm's reedy voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm makes a powerful impression in his short scene. <br /> <br /> All in all, Renaissance boasts a visually stunning, unique and compelling futuristic thriller, just as intelligent as it is entertaining. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who enjoy such a prize and the occasional weak line can stop the movie from being the mellow masterpiece it appears to be, the brilliant animation by itself carries the film through its silence and then. For the fans of one of the movie's intricate genres or the avid graphic novels of Frank Miller, or those who are willing to appreciate a spectacular, slightly less conventional action on the futuristic thriller, the movie is undoubtedly worth a watch. <br /> - 8/10
