One reason Pixar has succeeded so well and so successfully is that their films are still technological miracles and visual mosaics. They have a story to suit their style. And often very moving style on that: influenced, charming and cross-generation. That many Anime (broadly speaking) and a large number of other animations do not match their technical virtuosity with real substance, I think (and may be wrong) partly because the makers are not bothered with character and plot and Focusing too much on sound and image, or the mere attempt to make animations is so enormous, so it doesn't have the energy to create a very interesting story. <br /> <br /> The same cannot be said of Renaissance. There are errors in his plot, but I will come later. However, the same mistakes are not reflected in the footage - the Renaissance is not surprising now. The ultra-high contrast images (sometimes such a high contrast that is only visible to one face or one ray of light) and incredible detail are always impressive, always a joy to see. The futuristic Paris displayed is the fierce descendants of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, dark, fairly rich and even clean, but in intrigue, corporate malfeasance, obsessive with beauty (capital of the catwalk) and disguised the villain and neglect of his labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental, sophisticated architecture. br /> <br /> It is a compelling environment, not quite original, but very similar. The movie's sought after motion capture technology and incredible attention to human and design minutiae result in images that a black-and-white photographer will die on. Not that the detail prevents entertainment, because Christian Volckman crafts some wonderful action sequences: a hell-for-learning care, some gruesome (suffering imaginative) murders, some dizzy in the dark and a nasty substance in a gloomy apartment. The venues are also fantastic (I want to visit the nightclub). While the central character of Karas is your regular absence, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real cars of the movie. Out of the war-torn Eastern Europe, products of war, diaspora and a family spit, it is a compelling metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The movie is amazingly atmospheric, its dizziness, swooping faux camera moving and mature show for a very engaging experience. But the plot ... It's never more interesting than the initial hook, in which impenetrable plod Karas must find Ilona Tasuiev, a deadly, wonderful and groundbreaking scientist, after she's snatched off the street. The sinister corporation Avalon (which any company has never been sinister to?), For which she worked on "classified" projects, is reclaiming her, and Karas is soon on his neck in official reprimands, corpses, cigarette smoke and narrowly missed bullets, and fall in love with Ilona's sister Bislane (very sympathetic by Catherine McCormack) as he plunges the depths of the city's miserable underbelly (and its own past). <br /> <br /> Textbook noir, in other words, but while enjoying the movie, it's much more than Sin City (which has a visual similarity), the plot and resolution is boring. The theme of immortality is increased, but never investigated, and the Shenanigans of high-rolling Avalon CEO Paul Dellenbach are also boring and underline much of the dramatic tension. The basic ideas are well-known sci-fi genre material, and it is a feeling that disguises the visual and atmosphere of the imaginative material. <br /> <br /> However, the movie as a whole is bright and completely coherent, even though some of the scenarios the characters come up with, sometimes make excuses for displaying technical wizards. But this is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from the ground that shows this film something. I can take it too seriously, and if that is the case, I can at least say that it was made excellent, very entertaining (and also adult), and with an atmosphere like no other.
