It is completely useless to judge this movie. It is as if you would condemn (or praise) the newborn for his future life. Rather, look at it as a powerful meditation to what could have been and what has been the last 100+ years. One hundred and eight years of cinematograpy: what happened to the baby? I like to think about what would (creatively) happen if Europe did not ruin (twice) twice through the great wars of the XX century. On her ruins, the false neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus named Hollywood was erected. Before 1914, the French, Italian and Scandinavian theaters led the financial and natural creative way. In particular, French films have already made many original and creative paths that possibly (if not interrupted) may have changed the medium history in some unimaginable ways. One wonders how the film history will look like today if it is not choked and choked by the commercial and cheap political agenda of Hollywood's 80+ years, which could define Chkofo as the series of greed and fornication. Be it if Perhaps you should at least become aware of La Sortie as the key (or at least one of them) to the "Kingdom". So, the birthplace of Cinema: Lumiere Brothers Factory, Lyon, France. The date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a replica showdown in the summer of 1895, so if you see the Summer Lights and the workers' lighter clothes: this was the version shown THE FIRST FIRST PEOPLE WHO ALSO MOVE THE MOVING HAPPENED. * Louis Lumiere: creative ideas, cinematography, direction it was Louis' own domain because Auguste took care of the rest (money). * First movies were fifty seconds long: the Le Cinemography and the cameraman (le cinematographer) only just fifty seconds to make things happen! * Le Lumiere Institute apparently managed to preserve about 1500 of these first films, mostly performed by a capable brigade of Loumiere, The World Cross. *** So, all those stars in starry skies and a minute of silence for perhaps the most magical invention in human history (so far).
