The story tells that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people at Paris Salon If Du Grand Café met to witness the Cinematographe, a so-called new invention arising from the work of some photographers named August and Louis Lumière. The small audience reunited that day (some on invitation, mainly because of curiosity) didn't really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photo appeared on a screen, most thought that Cinematographe just another fancy design was to present slideshow. Until the photo started moving. What those thirty-three people experienced in the cold day of December was the first public display of a moving picture projected on a screen; Of the 10 short films shown during the historic day, La Sortie descended Des Usines Lumière (literally left the Lumière factory). History is written and theaters like we know it was born that day. <br /> <br /> was the first to be screened, showing the many workers of the Lumière factory walking through the factory gates and leaving the building at the end of a hard working day. While a very basic topical film (a film depicting an actual event), the movie all surprised by the imagination, as their concept of moving pictures was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" (the Kinetoscope) machines, brothers' invention was like nothing they had seen before and so the audience was astonished when the people and the horses moved across the screen, the idea was not entirely new (Le Prince had the first movie already Shot in 1888), but the way the movie was shown was just revolutionary. <br /> <br /> "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" will be the first in the long series of topical films that the Lumiere would produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary was the brothers 's favorite type of film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the customs that the Cinématographe could have. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, the Cinématographe became a great success after the first show and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became an iconic image of the first show. It was definitely not the first movie that the brothers shot that year, and that was probably not the best of the 10 movies shown that day. (Personally, I think "L" Arroseur Arrosé was the best of the 10); However, it is very significant that the first film was the opening of a few gates. This movie literally opened the gates to the movie as we know it. 8/10
