I just came back from the Late-Night theater and it was indeed a quiet way out, as most of the audience heard about the real black-and-white images of the partition, the freedom movement, and so on. Thinking, reminiscent of the lives "our ancestors confronted! In the midst of this background, you think there was no count / fax / internet in those times, but for the voice of Truth and Non-violence, cinematography" brought in a spirit of harsh reality of adversity under the strict Raj. <br /> <Gandhi has shown to be a hard-working lawyer in South Africa, who stood for his basic ideologies and gave every measure of conviction for the same awareness spread with humility and holiness that was shown to the outspoken speech of General Smut as a good farewell. screen.It has the best recorded speech with a subtle humor and a covered threat to the British raj in India! a good remark when he said that we are praying quietly to the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician for India, was set up (toward holiness). The background of a large family with many children mentioned " a clear divided attention and love that spelled it out, spelled out about the unfortunate child's psyche left alone to strive. for unrealistic ambitions. Little knew Harilal about his abilities and he is emotionally taken away with little pleasure in life and fails before the great idol of his father. He is trying to get rid of the mentor ship that forms the basis of any success that the lucky ones had to see. neighbors in the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal opens his frustration. This means that he is mentally weak and psychologically disrupted, forced to religious conversions and alcoholism, with guilt and impropriety that ignites his negative thoughts. He still showed the sincere love for his mother by touching scenes and even Gandhi's humble expression of Harilal forgiving him did not reach any conclusions in his mind, as he always feared the Father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> could not reject the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he had expected and was driven by rebellion when he could not afford the equal earnings-based delivery of bursary money by his father to his cousin. do not understand He had a failed opportunity to study barrister in England. <br /> <br /> It had to be thrown into him as a beggar when the whole of India celebrated the Indepedence! The life of a needy person never changes, but the way the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi itself are shown brings an emotional silence. Finally, the last turbulent thoughts of the dying Harilal are shown as a glimpse into keeping the audience and wondering where the Father of the nation is going wrong? he was smart enough to be spiritually strong to lead a man army and use his brave soldier son as a weapon to show the British and competitive powers that there is no interest in the nation. Although it must read a Mahatma's heart, one has to stay outside his family and see what the emotional naive hail couldn't see inside. A pity that such naive hail's are still destroying the efforts of many Mahatma-like fathers in many families in today's life and have taken drugs, alcoholism and God knows what thoughts. Here's a message to all the brave sainik soldiers. Please respect the father of the nation! and happiness will be donated or else it is a disaster to wait, isn't it?
