It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to make Gandhi (1982)? He just told a story of a great individual who didn't walk on this planet long ago. Comparatively, it would have been much harder for director Feroz Abbas Khan to make his debut as a filmmaker to make Gandhi my dad. He was given an intensified anti-hero against an international hero. Both were historically true individuals and ironically enough father and son. . The events in the movie are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film and set high moral standards for the world to follow. Yet, these many standards have transformed the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, as a reputable lawyer such as his father, to complete his training and get a job in India, thus providing revenue for his family. <br /> <br /> The film doesn't debate Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than his family's aspirations. He loved and cared for his family, although his thoughts for their care were brighter by his ideal of caring for the masses. He stood for equality and dignity among all people, and in his view to give special undue benefits to his own son who looks to other deserving persons, went on the basis of what he preached. The film looks at an unusual case of parenting, where an idealistic parent places a declining goal for a less than brilliant progeny. <br /> <br /> The movie presents an unusual scenario for what happened. A boy marries his childhood, which upsets his father. The father upset his son's educational aspirations during several important contact sessions. The fragile link between a dedicated boy and a dad breaks, as the boy wants to stand on his own and care for his nuclear family. As the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the boy stumbles in bold pursuit of identity and survival. His marriage breaks and seeks comfort in religion, buffeting between Islam and Hinduism. Through all her afflictions she remains in contact with his mother until she makes him drunk to be drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a director of plays that makes his role in the film. He wrote and arranged the play Mahatma vs Gandhi which had significant impact on the Indian theater community. The play and subsequent film were based on two biographies, one of Chandulal Dalal and one of Nilamben Parekh. The success of the increased play was a clear reason for commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to produce this notable movie. Every time a good director of plays tries to direct cinema, there is evidence of a lack of confidence in the medium. Peter Brook is a great director of plays, but less competent than a film director. The opening shot of Khan's film promises a great movie. A lost Harilal Gandhi is brought to Sion Hospital, Bombay (Mumbai), and barely mumbled that his father Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi) is the father of a whole nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as Mahatma Gandhi's eldest son, die in poverty and loneliness. Aside from the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately only presents a great story and some excellent outer sides of father and son meditating in silhouette. For an Indian movie, it offers some high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of attention to detail (most Indian clothing in the movie looks dust-free and freshly washed, modern actors hairstyles and even Shefali Shetty play Mohandas Gandhi's wife a century ago with plucked eyebrows, the orbit of the Indian theater. Since Feroz Khan is a theater personality, he has made much more effort to work with the actors in developing the characters rather than on movies, and like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a theater product (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> To know well that Gandhi was in any way criticized, producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision not to post posters of the film, even though there was no direct criticism in the movie. accessible heights in India, fearing that someone may tear the poster or willfully or unconsciously respect it. <br /> <br /> With all its combinations of grandeur and error, Gandhi throws several questions at the viewer. Is a mother-son bond stronger than a father-son bonding in parenting? Is your immediate family less important than humanity in general? Do you find religion and alcohol shelter only when worldly problems are experienced? In this film, Harilal walks through adversities from one religion to another, while convincing his father scriptures "Forgive them for not knowing what they are doing" when beaten and thrown by a South African policeman of the value of religion and convince others. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an Indian Critic Award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor handled a sensitive topic very well and elicited above-average performances from the ensemble of actors. I hope the international success of the film has paved the way for some directors to meet another brilliant Indian play, Girish Karnad's Tughlaq, which one day meets international quality standards.
