Crypt Stories: And Al Through the house on Christmas Eve when Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Trainor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell), she's dragging his body outside to throw it. But while it does, miss out on a major news bulletin on the radio that a murderous mania (Larry Drake) dressed as Santa Clause has escaped from a local spiritual asylum and has killed several women with Elizabeth on his list, but she has other ideas and tries to change the seemingly dangerous situation. her advantage ... <br /> <br /> These stories from the Crypt story were episode 2 of season 1, directed by one of the show's regular executive producers Robert Zemeckis And Al. Through the House is a decent enough watch. The writer of Fred Dekker was actually based on a story appearing in the cartoon "The Vault of Horror" and was originally adapted to roll as one episode of the Britsih horror anthology film Tales from the Crypt (1972) by Joan Collins as the murderous woman character played here by Ellen Trainor. This particular version is good enough but does nothing or special and is a bit too linear and predictable to be considered a classic. In just 25 minutes it certainly goes on a good pass, the story just goes on macabre and it generally gives decent entertainment and I love the slick end. This time, there are Christmas theme opening and closing Crypt Keeper (John Kassir) segments, with the usual words. <br /> <br /> Director Zemeckis does a good job and there is a nice winter atmosphere with a hint of Christmas influence. . There is not much gore here, someone has a poker stuck in their head, someone's face is cut with a scraper of ice, someone's arm is cut with an ax and there is a bit of bloodshed, but in general is it is not so graphic. The action by a small saucepan is pretty good. <br /> <br /> And Al through the house is not the best story of the manger, but it is a decent one that everyone is worth, but after the comic book story & original 1972 movie version we really got it need or even want?
