Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi My Father, a film that sheds light on the broken relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story so dramatic as those trying to tell this movie, it's a pity that the director doesn't tell it dramatically. Gandhi My Father is told to you like that boring history lesson that makes you sleep at school. Now the film is about to convey a very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi, in his attempt to be a just person, eventually became an unfair father. This point is often made in the film, and one of the examples given to make this point is that the skill of England, which Gandhi twice denies his son. Instead of showing us how Harilal addressed this betrayal and going on in his head, the director just moves with the story, so we are never the evidence of the growing resentment that Harilal feels about his father. That is why when we finally see an outbreak of Harilal, it seems as if he is overreacting. <br /> <br /> The point I'm trying to make here is that we never really understand how Harilal became the rebel he did. We never really understand why he turns to Islam, and then back to Hinduism. The thing is, we never understand Harilal at all. And this is because the director of this film is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the freedom struggle, a story most of us are already familiar with. To put it simply, Gandhi promises My Father to investigate the tense father-son relationship, but that doesn't mean as much as showing us where the cracks in this relationship first set. We understand Harilal had to live with the burden of Gandhi's life, but show us why it was a burden to start with. Show us incidents of their early conflict. For example, it's not enough that Gandhi just says he's opposed to Harilal's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It's not enough that Kasturba blames her husband for the way her son turned out - to move him constantly between schools in Gujarat and South Africa, to move him every time Gandhi needs to move. Words are not enough, we show how these incidents formed the character of Harilal Gandhi. What's more, instead of sticking to the stinging theme of this difficult Gandhi versus Gandhi relationship, the movie goes down too much, thus impacting the central theme. It was never meant to be a film about the struggle for Independence, yet it is often exactly what it looks like, because the director is almost bound to take us through all the main events leading up to that historic moment although much of it does not relate to the film's basic premise - the stormy pawn relationship. So you see the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, but it's definitely a very tangled movie. What happens to Harilal's children after his wife's death? Does he ever have relationship with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after that one scene in which we see them with the Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions are answered in a movie that is basically meant to have relationships in the Gandhi family. The movie version of an incredibly popular play by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father, is a disappointment, no questions asked. Kinematically struggling to translate the filmmaker's ambitious intent on the screen. Almost every scene in the film opens and closes with fades and blemishes, which never lead seamlessly to each other. On the positive side, there is inherent nobility in the movie, which you recognize. The filmmaker does everything in his power to deliver a balanced story, trying hard not to take his sides, never judge any father or son, and not a villain. What the film does, however, makes clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals formed the nation, but apparently alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, it's just Akshaye Khanna who really shines in the role of happiness-deprived Harilal Gandhi. It's a great show, and it's not easy, as the role covers almost the entire life of the character. But Akshaye shares a rare fusion of innocence and despair and manages to make Harilal a spicy figure. Just look at him in the scene in which he discovers his wife's death, and you will realize how much he gives by body language alone. Darshan Jariwala, meanwhile, who plays Gandhi Senior, takes a caricatural approach to playing the Mahatma in his later years, but that is how he humanized human beings in his early years as a legal representative in South Africa. This is the actor's best contribution to the role. . The rare gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, the woman who is destined to tear into this father-son conflict. But if she can't overcome the feeling of helplessness, it's really not so much her fault because it's the fault of a rude writer. . There is a lot of effort being made to make this film and it is clear in the whole, but the film suffers from that inevitable mistake that will eventually remind you of leaving the cinema. It's just so boring. Director Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi My Father is a sincere effort, but also a movie that could be done with a very tough script. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal made each other unhappy. And with this movie, the director also makes us.
