For many years we see movies on Gandhi. And most often, the light is always on the portrayal of Gandhi as a freedom fighter or man with principles. But when I heard a movie being made that would highlight Gandhi as Father and emphasize his relationship with his Son, it caught my attention. This is one area that is least explored as it has its own dark side and fewer people. showed courage to live in it. Fortunetly did Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director). <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandhi working in South Africa and his relationship with white people and his wife. Later Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to be for him, but his dream reversed when his father (Gandhi) pushed him to become a freedom fighter. It shows that Gandhi believes more in practical studies rather than formal education. Harilal also tried to walk on his father's footprint, but soon failed because his accident to his wife, children, and his own dream of becoming a great success, changed his way and then began to repel son and father. He eventually defeated his father in pursuit of his dream and left him on his own terms. He returned to India, but then started unsuccessful stories that grew bigger and bigger over time. I leave reader to watch film to catch a further story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has so far had the best performance of his office and is absolutely convincing in his portrayal of Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he reaches the room where his wife's body died is one where you can see a good actor hidden in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and can deliver such a greater than life character. He performed well and with reasonable ease. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already proved her metal in TV series. Bhumika Chawla also performed well, but actress of her candidacy was wasted in this kind of role. Other actors also justify their performances. <br /> <br /> Technique and makeup are also good and cinematography, especially that Duo-tone color photos were too good. Costume looks and fits context. <br /> <br /> Overall, a worthy movie that is strikingly slow and impatient can find it boring, but gives you an insight into the area not brought to the silver screen. . Also, the way story progress and the connection of scene may seem to some people and critics, but especially to an average movie viewer like me, is still enough to get me seated in the end.
