I've been waiting for a superhero movie for a long time. "Mystery Men" finds its place among the classic strip-spoofs on TV such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons such as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken." The same spirit lives in them all: the comic tongue-in-cheek; the courage to strive for the heroic in life with the risk of looking ridiculous; the non-sure-footed way these characters conquer their opponents. It's the shaky spark of nobility that explodes into the weak and the ordinary, and it's great to see it glowing so high and bright. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens at a feast at a nursing home. I wish Kinka Usher had the sense to give more energy and life to the old people in the scene. As it seems, it seems something that George Romero made possible. We must get the feeling that these old people are as sharp as everyone, or feel condescending. By the time the Red Eyes collapse, you expect half of Tom Waits to play a weapon inventor with a love for ladies in their eighties to stand up and shout: "Just what this party needs - A little excitement! " If the writer Neil Cuthbert had any sense, he would have killed Waits with the invaders and the parties egg to do so. It would have made for an exciting start, and a better introduction to the difficult trio: the Shoveler (William Macy); the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seems to be out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems for "Mystery Men" if I care to go in; among those who need the villain Casanova Frankenstein to cultivate a sense of absurdity like the rest of the people in this movie, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for the part; He has to be at the top to make the conflict between good and evil a galvanic one. And Rush has never exhibited a talent for overseas. You hope for the ripe theatrics of a John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the dry, debonable appearance of a Paul Freeman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark." Instead of what we get is pastiche; something half baked and not fully aware. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas running through "Mystery Men", so anyone can tie them neatly together and this can be the deepest problem. But what kind of mess it is, is the kind of mess I love. Ben Stiller always seems to be in the roles he takes. This one is no exception, but he goes along with the belief that you get away from learning something about comedy growing up in a household by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is related to all the offensive, sensitive, chronically defensive types that made Woody Allen popular. And whether it falls on his favorite hangout (the slender Claire Forslani) in the sadness of the waitress, or questioning the wisdom of a fellow superhero (West Studi as the Sphinx) or a new member of their "elite" group give (Jeaneane Garofalo in what may be her funniest moments on the screen), a hard time, always make it fun to watch. I couldn't say exactly about him in "There is something about Mary." <br /> <br /> With this show Jeaneane Garofalo proves that she would have been the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I don't think I saw rather strange exchanges between a daughter and father (okay, so he's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball, so sue me) in the movies. And the funny part about this role is that it feels like a ball of Emily Watson's conversation with God in "Breaking the Waves." And in this version the girl does not die, and bells do not ring in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy does something very difficult; He makes magnetic coils. You immediately understand what Jenifer Lewis's Lucille attracted to Eddie. You can also understand her excitement. The barbecue alone would be enough to drive me over the edge, but when Eddie's lovely half-breed boy looks at his dad, he says, "I believe in you, Dad." then Lucille sighed and exclaimed, "Roland should not encourage your father," feels like Neil Cuthbert stands as a prime mind. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only moment in film up to this point was his bare behind in "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (Has been around for more than two decades since we first noticed of her in "Banana" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") as son and mother who share a love of silverware; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his publicity; Kel Mitchell as "invisible boy"; Paul Reubens as "The Spleen;" and Lena Olin, who seems to be not the few lines in this movie she has, to visit the set.
