Director Kinka Usher remains true to his own credo, "Play it straight and they'll laugh," and with the help of a wonderful movie, he is the best of the # 1 cult movie of all time, "Mystery Men." When an evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a spiritual institution, the local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), captures and threatens to take over the championship city, three will-superheroes, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller ), The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein, however, is linked by a myriad of underworld schemes and has become a formidable opponent. The trio realize that help is needed and decide to recruit; what they end up is nothing less than the most memorable team of superheroes ever met in the history of the cinema. Mr. Furious has his anger; The kicker, his spade; The Blue Raja flings silverware (mainly forks, and the spoon, but never a knife); the invisible boy (Kel Mitchell) can turn invisibly as long as no one sees; The Sphinx (West Studi), a heavily under-south heater, is very mysterious and can break the guns in half with its mind. Can be; the bowler (Janeane Garofalo) flings a ball with deadly accuracy; and The Spleen (Paul Reubens) uses flatulence that can affect a whole room. It is a brilliant ensemble piece that delivers the laugh without ever judging or protecting the audience while playing straight at all times. The dialogue is witty, and the representations given by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable, hilarious scenes, especially the one in which they throw and recruit a pool party, and interview with a stupefying compilation of applicants; and another, in a bar, when Bowler had a conversation with her long-dead father, whose skull was implanted in her bowling. However, the funniest of all should be when the team actually tries to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, because the whole movie is made up of one hilarious scene after another, tinkering with subtle humor that will make you laugh for a long time. The real secret to its success is that Usher really does it all; The relationships between the characters are true, and the whole concept of a 'Superhero' is played quite reasonably, somehow giving credibility to the whole proceedings. In this world, the aspirations of Mr. Furious and the rest persistent, and Usher holds the lips without ever grinding or naked eyelids. The solid supporting film includes Lena Olin (Dr Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (The Blue Raja's Mother), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) Pras (Tony C.). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired film that can be seen over and over with a new look that must be guaranteed at every look. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, "We're number one! All others are number two or lower." Is this an Oscar-worthy movie? Scarce; but for a good time and a lot of laughs, treat yourself to this masterpiece of comedy; This is the right thing and you will not regret it. I rate this one 10/10.
