On my birthday I saw "Mystery Men" while on vacation. When I got home I went to look again. Keep in mind, I was twelve, but then it was the coolest movie ever. I even collected the ultra-rare action figures (I have them all except the Bowler, which is the hardest to find. They made Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Spleen and Captain Amazing, if you wonder There is a William H. Macy action figure!). I have seen many times over the years and it remains a favorite of mine, mainly because of lovely childhood. It's not a perfect movie, but it definitely deserves a different look and perhaps a cult that follows. <br /> <br /> The story: a lot of low-level superheroes save the day. It was re-performed in the mediocre, direct-to-video "The Specials". But that's the other side of the spectrum: big budget (big budget, almost $ 100 million I think) studio comedy. Yes, the effects are over and the big sets and great production design are a bit contemplated by the plot. But don't think of it as a stupid, special effect - not a superhero movie - it's a PARODY. They fight against a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psycho-faculty, whatever (it's a doomsday device, he'll take over the world, yada yada.) And resident superhero Captain Amazing (a Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, with commercial product logos on his costume) , nice touch) was kidnapped. Time for the Mystery Men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, gets angry), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, kicks people with kicks), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, throws forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, bakkies), invisible boy (Kel Mitchell , guess what he is doing), the spleen (the big Paul Reubens, farts) and the sphinx (West Studi, cut guns in half with his mind, I'm not joking). The rest of the fantastic movie characters include Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin, heavily worked out as Cassanova's bride, and the only Tom Waits as a mad coat dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom Freakin 'Waits! However, this is not perfect. It's about long and there are a few jokes here and there (The Shoveller's full of them). The dialogue is definitely greater than the physical comedy that is sometimes lacking (there is a man who sails for his power, matters closed). The dialogue is definitely a highlight, the cyclical ramblings of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Mr. Furious, alike. It's actually a funny movie. It will almost forget that it was the movie that starred All Star at Smashmouth in the world. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film didn't do as well with critics and audiences. A follow-up was originally planned. The movie is actually based on a cartoon and characters from the cartoon. The Flaming Carrot is planned for the successor I believe. But it didn't do well at the box office. It could have been a hard sale, a superhero comedy with the man of "There is something about Mary." It was also the fact that it was released on the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which was finally the biggest hit for August - as well as the Thomas Crown Affair. Two other misunderstood classics were released on the same crowded weekend, strangely enough - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant." Critics have given MM reviews, but this is soon forgotten. Unfortunately, comedian Jeffrey Ross on Comedy Central's Jerry Stiller's Roast told Ben Stiller: "I saw" Mystery Men "and I fired my agent." Ben is then seen the words, "I have to." Don't listen to him. Give "Mystery Men" a chance.
