You know the people in the movie are there when the big hailstones fall from a bright blue sky. In fact, the weather remains quite bad in this atmospheric thriller, and only lawyer Chamberlain has the answer. But he is too much the European rationalist, I am gathering, to get in touch with the inner being who only reveals through dreams. <br /> <br /> Dark original riddle heavily on the metaphysics of director writer Peter Weir. He has already proven his skill to flourish with Hanging Rock (1975) with other dimensions. Here it is the arcane world of Australian Aborigines who confront it as the steady world of the dominant whites. Something strange is going on inside the Aborigine community if they kill one of their numbers without having a clear reason. Yuppie lawyer Chamberlain is supposed to defend them in a white man's court. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things get, and the more important a strange old Aboriginal man gets in him. And then there are those terrible dreams coming at strange times. <br /> <br /> Well-structured script enhances interest throughout. One reason why the film works is the background of Chamberlain's wife and girls. Audiences can easily identify with them. And when their small world stretches out of the ordinary framework, the normality begins to play, and we get the feeling of worlds starting to clash. Chamberlain is teaching throughout, especially during the underground discovery tournament where I think he should have shown more awareness than he does. After all, it's the pick up of the mask that holds the key (I believe) to the mystery, but its reaction really doesn't register the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the notion of nature that is striking, now has a certain resonance thirty years later. In the film, the idea is wrapped up in a very entertaining hocus-pocus, but the subject remains a narrator. One way to extract a central irony in the movie is the symbolism of the opening scene. A large white SUV has passed a native family, leaving them in the historic dust. The site looks like an in-depth discussion that is not particularly important to the coastal pots where the industry lives. Yet it is also a region likely to survive something like a devastating last wave. Perhaps there is something about past and future to think about here. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a very good movie that will probably stay with you.
