Spoilers I loved the later episodes of college and beyond, but I wish I could get the DVD on the previous season. Unfortunately, the youngest I could get could be the first college season. Yet the teens were sweet; Although they focused a lot on magic, they also made her a character that could be related to teenagers, divided with the stuggles of teenagers and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; they did not come into the morbid teenage problems such as sex and drugs, but they took part in pressure to fit in. I loved making her grow up and trying to handle herself alone and trying to convince her aunts to let go as she left the nest. The older episodes were cute, but it was just as much better to see her as (not really a teenage witch), but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In the previous episodes, the Tannies were great actresses, but they were so strict, friendly and loving, but they treated her in some ways like a young child, but not in all ways. I mean they founded her for every little mistake she made with her magic. I mean to teach her about her own mistakes once! This was what I liked about college episodes; she could learn from her own mistakes without being grounded in everything; It was irritating. Not to put Hilda and Zelda down. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for the Sabrina with her Perky personality. I like the last episode where she ran from the Harvey wedding, but as someone else said, it would have been nice to see what happened. I mean I believe it was obvious that they were married; where else will they run into her wedding dress? But I'd love to see it. I suppose they wanted to leave it to the viewer to choose the end, rather than giving it spoon to us as most comedies do. Someone said they could show they got married and went to school in the house, but they already graduated college. Sabrina had good work for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. As a child they always talk about how he doesn't want to be an extinction like his father. When Sabrian entered the house that season, they never really explained how it happened. In fact, there are many that don't explain the show, but I suppose it's supposed to fix it and give it a little secret. Before Sabrina and her friends move into the house, they marry Hilda and this whole game that ends with Zelda changing into a child. Hilda comes back in the last episode (and Zelda is in a different form, but Beth isn't on the episode), but they don't show Zelda's husband or what happened, as did their children? Maybe they didn't want to keep too much in one episode. I also loved Hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! She was beautiful and a great actress and it was interesting to see her big! I can believe it is six years since the show went out of the air! I still love the reruns! I also don't know if anyone noticed it, but in the previous episodes the town of Westbridbe was called (a town I believe should be near Salem), but in later episodes they don't name the name of the town what calms Westbridge and I think they call it Boston, unless it's just where it worked. Also, I wanted to add, I found the episode, Wild Wild Sabrina, where she learned about the importance of rules, to be abusive. She was 18 and too old to be grounded; I would have been insulted if my parents founded me on 18-year-old land. And I think that while an 18-year-old might be able to do that, they should learn the consequences on their own. I think at 18 they know rules are important.
