I have this movie on DVD and have watched it thirty times now. I really like it, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I used to be a surfer in my life, and I loved the sport. To this day, I am fascinated by good surfing. Riding Giants have a lot of it and therefore I struggle for the thing. But I definitely have a few legs to take with it. (Peralta, you listen?). <br /> <br /> First, the film has too little faith in its subject. The cutting and editing of the waves is such that the majority of their kind is destroyed. Many, very few waves are actually shown from start to finish. Peralta seems addicted to a hyper-kinetic, cut and fit method. This is especially bad in the middle section on the site of Mavericks in Northern California. Not a single wave is being driven, beginning to end. Almost the entire section on Mavericks (one third of the movie) is a frightening montage of the cuts with an equally slender soundtrack. I can understand the effect Peralta is trying to achieve with Mavericks, as the place is a really scary mix of bottling waves in the open ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks are not just a bad acid journey. Waves are actually driven there, even with great performances. It would have been good to see them. If Peralta thinks it's a big sport (and I'm sure he does), why is he urgently doing so many things with the subject? Sometimes editing reduces the movie to the inaccessible. There is one quick clip in the section about Peahi in Hawaii, which I still can't understand. Even if I run it on slow motion on DVD, the picture is too fast to be decipherable. It should be a few frames at the maximum. <br /> <br /> Secondly, did the guys who ever learned this thing about oppression? It is especially small to watch the version of the narrative directors on DVD. These guys sound like two top-top valley girls. The same sentiment appears in the main production. Every thing is always so cute "incredible", etc. One character in particular is simply unnecessary - Sam George, the editor of Surfer Magazine, speaks in his pants every time he has something to say. He's a super drag on the movie. <br /> <br /> There is a tremendous amount of effort in this movie. I mean, just to get the old movie shots they have and all the interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think it's generally fascinating entertainment. Themes are well laid out, with the three parts around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton respectively. There are some uses of still photography that are phenomenal. In the directors' narration, they say this is a new kind of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters shine, both in their interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He has risen to the point of his sport in a way that I saw Michael Jordan just in basketball. And also the story of his meeting is his father a jewel. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could be so much more. The very last part of the movie, when the credits roll, gives an indication of what it might have been. There are some beautiful panoramic shots with a beautiful soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is garbage, though you might like it if you are a fan of the modern, frenetic school of rock.) Anyway, there are two cents ...
