Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary deep in the world of one of the most valuable sports dives and delivers on the surface a very human and raw emotion that only director Stacy Peralta can capture. Everything about the structure, the players, the incredible stock, even the style in which it was filmed, only strengthened the beauty and power of the sport of surfing. Of all the surf films I saw (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey, and Step Into Liquid), it was the most consistent and relevant. Starting with the early centuries of surfing (a short history lesson) up to Laird's notorious ride, Riding Giants continues to drive the mind, heart and soul of any of these other documentaries. How does it do this? By giving us the whole story, from start to finish, without fictionalization or gig that is caught from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> To start, this movie is structurally sound. In the other movies I've seen about surfing, you sometimes find yourself jumping from new person to new person, wave to wave, event to event, without any knowledge of why or who? In Riding Giants, we have a very small castor of veterans and newbies. It allows you to go deeper into the minds of each one. Also, instead of just waves, we are given more history and more personal insight to the world than before. That's what really attracted me to this movie. I was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves (as it is a great wave film), we listen to stories and see the first hand these surfers have to overcome to get to the waves. I loved the information about the "beach bombs" or dad's surfing. I am still immersed in the wonderful stories of Greg Noll and his early adventures in the deep deep blue. Then, to see him personally, talk about what's going on in his mind, just adding more fuel to the fire. The simple structure followed by Peralta allowed me to follow and walk away with more knowledge of the sport than with any of the previous films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can't help but be amazed at what these brave people did and where the sport goes. <br /> <br /> Add an unfinished structure with intense and creative cinematography, and you have darn near perfect movie. The use of techniques I saw last in The Kid stays in the picture, Riding Giants creates screens that almost feel like they're jumping out of the screen. Although it is not 3D, it is the flat dimensional feeling you get when you put two photos on top of each other. In this movie it worked. It has created more depth on the scenes, which has not only added the shock value (the men were big, but also the danger these guys constantly faced. If it broke otherwise or they were mismanaged, these waves would Some died, but it didn't stop the sport, it just got more excitement and more passion to do better - this is the love of the sea and the sport that leads me to my final point. <br /> <br /> The human element So many of my past adventures in the world of documentary documents have left me with beautiful waves, but very little about the people, the movies knowing that people are watching the waves, so it's basically going wave after wave to wave and maybe a short second over the person.This film was the direct opposite, Peralta created this masterpiece by giving us the waves yet, but paying much more attention to the surfers and the immortal question why they do it do every day. What hurts through their minds, which pushes them to move on, and the ties that are formed while out there are wild blue underneath. I felt like I was watching this movie that I not only knew about surfing, but also about the emotional side of the sport. It was an element that was not developed as in the other films, and pushed Riding Giants to a whole new personal level. <br /> Overall, this film was brilliant. I have never shown so much passion, dedication and love in a sound of structure. From start to finish I was impressed. I would be very happy if this Oscar won the Oscar this year for Best Documentaries, and to see a new rebirth in the burning world and open more doors for films of this nature. <br /> <br /> Degree: *** ** from *****
