"Where the pavements end (1950)" are suitable, with Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys' names entered on the pavement, as dirty water flows between the grids of a sewer hole. The pavement represents respect, integrity and morality ?? only crooks and criminals run into the gutter. But even the most honorable people have a tendency to sometimes miss, and when the pavement suddenly comes to an end, it sometimes seems impossible not to water the shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father is a professional criminal, and has thrown his entire life back on the pavement, balanced parallel to the edge of the curb. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the decency and integrity his father lacks, but he has a mean line he can't escape. When his quick temper leaves a murder suspect dead, Dixon finds himself the only father he despised, a cheap criminal who will deceive and lie to cover his offense. <br /> <br /> 'Where the pavement ends' was the only movie to reunite Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the wonderful 'Laura (1944),' although the two films go as far as the noir , can't get farther apart. While the previous picture had the strong intimacy of a country murder story, this film is more conventional than an avid urban police drama. Given her surprisingly memorable performance as Laura Hunt, it is a pity that Tierney is barely underutilized here, and owns the typical niche of the beautiful, helpless romantic interest (much like she did in Jules Dassin's The Night and the City (1950) that same year) Andrews, on the other hand, was rarely better and showed a toughness and irregular rage I didn't expect from him. Gary Merrill is just like the crime boss Scalise, but he doesn't look enough enough for the role not, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Brown in the Big Combo (1955)) would be better suited to the character; I didn't realize it, but Conte appeared just one year earlier in Preminger's' Whirlpool (1949). <br /> <br /> The tension, like Dixon's attempt to cover his accidental crime, is definitely sounding, certainly among the most exciting rows of his era, although I feel that the situation is not yet exploited to its full potential, the taxi driver is the only person who definitely identified Dixon as the offender, but Preminger suddenly shoots at the moment he succeeds Dixon on the stairs. If the witness had been brought in if Dixon had imported his own movements outside the apartment, we could have had actual fireworks. And why, for the case, could the taxi driver's testimony not immediately free Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) from the suspicion of murder? Niggling contradictions such as this an otherwise excellent performance by Ben Hecht, who betrayed his gritty criminal underworld with hard-hitting policemen and sensible criminals. Andrews' bad and implosive law enforcement officer, tormented by anger and remorse, is rarely done better, at least equal to Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray's "On Dangerous Ground (1952)."
