New York Police Detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a man who deals daily with his own demons, along with normal upward and exciting daily life. The tension produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals leads him to make serious errors of judgment and to observe the need for any code of conduct that must be complied with in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law. . . He has a record of dealing with suspects and well-known criminals with great brutality, and it has been in conflict with his supreme commanders who have known him for the amount of violence he used frequently. Dixon cannot reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is plagued by the fact that his father was a criminal and was left with a strong need to leave his father's reputation and to prevent him from complying with the low expectations many people had of him. <br /> <br /> When a rich Texan is murdered after an evening's gambling by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned the case. Scalise tells Dixon's commander Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim is accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney), and that Paine has committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and asks the suspect whose desire is unattractive and when Paine strikes him, Dixon falls back and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon continues to get rid of the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is questioned and added after describing what happened at Scalise's place that her father went to Paine's apartment later that evening to talk to him about returning to the face shields. Paine has attacked her several times and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened to strike Paine if he did so again. This information causes Taylor to be arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise had murdered the Texan and Paine murdered him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make several attempts to make Scalise convicted, but eventually realizes that the only way to successfully achieve its goal is to confess its own role in Paine's death and cover cover. He does so and also points out that he is going to confront Scalise alone so that the police can arrest the gangster for Dixon's murder. The confrontation with Scalise and the ultimate way in which Dixon accomplishes his own salvation provides a tense and appropriate conclusion to this eager thriller. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews's tense and intricate expressions carry his character's constantly upset nature and his anxiety when dealing with a series of accidents involving and following Paine's accident. However, Dixon is not the only one who is experiencing accident, because Morgan, a successful model loses her job because of all the problems surrounding her. Her father, who received a diploma to help the police many years ago, found him unfairly guilty of a crime he had not committed. Ken Paine, who was a war hero, experienced unemployment and a loss of self-esteem that led to alcoholism and women's hardship, and Scalise who was put in business by Dixon's father also has his own inconvenience. <br /> <br /> "Where the pavement ends" is a thorough engaging story with a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main character that is the absolute embodiment of moral ambiguity.
