The charm of Otto Preminger's grandiose visionary film noir is that it has ambiguous intentions, which betray the dark essence of the central character, which is still worried by living in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews' driven, vengeful policeman is regarded as an outsider, irrational and destructive, which may change because he could get a good wife to look at him. The upset man repeats himself with his own entangled impression of regency. The disturbing mood has settled permanently in Andrews's tense performance in the late half of the story, by writer Ben Hecht, as Preminger saturates the film in an appropriate prosaic style. We don't just see the city at night; we feel it because Preminger can even see and hear our most peripheral and distant factors. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews provides a complex character that unfolds through its streak of violence and hatred that always bother him. As the plot develops, he is secretly entangled in situational strings, but he is renewed by the outward acts that can be seen in the harvest of the jungle noir protagonist's visceral facial expressions before he executes them. <br /> <br /> This reflection of a specific phase in the development of the genre is an impressive, turbulent and shady film noir that is set in the double-dealing climate of the underworld, where the hero is so alienated that he always with anger swell and even if he loses his rational resistance, occupational principle and ethical boundaries, he is still a good policeman. Preminger just looks at a social conscience drama about a corrupt community within the vast cityscape, but rather keeps the author on Andrew's shoulders as an existential journey of personal effects on a man with an Oedipal fixation already broken with eternity. -inhibiting influences of the law on its side and an ominous perception of right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Production companies in the early 1950s took out the social problem picture and rather made a low budget, low-risk thrillers "like this, apparently in an effort to connect conservative critics and social decisions. But there is an expressionist case-by-case to Preminger's impeccable approach, injecting every scene with a sense of everyday drama as the backdrop for the plot, and each supporting character must draw their own weight by doing something interesting but none of them are cartoons or depressive comic reliefs, for him every character is of the opinion that they are starred, as by the straight-to-shoulder self-assertions of Karl Malden as a missionary police Inspector and a veteran waitress at a lunch, those who are the stars --- Andrews and Gene Tierney, both anxious about their futile efforts to suppress their emotional intensity - which is not to be.
