I'm a big fan of fan noir, and this movie by Otto Preminger is easy to see as one of the best I've seen! Preminger reunited two of his stars from the hit 'Laura' - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different kind of crime movie. Laura was based on love, and this film is based on hate; As we look at police detective Mark Dixon, a buyer is already being investigated by his superiors for his heavy-handed tactics. He accidentally kills a suspect and tries to murder a famous criminal. a man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot is brilliantly worked, and Preminger balances outstanding plot points; but it all comes back to the main moral implication around our main character. The fact that the film is based in the criminal underground means that the plot is a great base for working, and director Otto Preminger captures the sleazier side of life by letting the main characters gamble and hit each other (and their wives), shoot and more - and it also helps to compensate the film of the earlier 'Laura', which was very high in high school. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is difficult to keep as he is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he can easily sympathize, and that allows the audience to join in his trouble. The character development is well timed, and as we follow this character and his motivation through the film, everything makes sense at the end. His co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, which is not given as much in this movie as she was in Laura; a movie that Tierney made his linchpin. She does well with what she has, and the main duo's chemistry is excellent and Tierney helps to fill every scene. I can't say it's a better movie than the earlier Laura; This is a hard action to follow, but this film certainly fits in the film noir formula better than Preminger's previous movie. The film also makes a good comparison piece for Laura; as in everything in this movie is beyond the 1944 movie, but it is quite strange. Highly recommended for everyone!
