At first glance, it seems natural to compare where the pavement ends with Laura. Both have noirish qualities, both were director Otto Preminger, and both star Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where most comparisons end. Laura dealt with comfortable, sophisticated people, which means they killed themselves in a murder. Where the Sidewalk Ends are in completely different strata. It is people with barely two nickel to rub together who is more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society than to go to fancy dress. Where the pavement ends, an eager movie full of desperate people will solve their problems with their fists or other weapons. Small hats are a dime-a-dozen and police officers routinely confess the crooks. To be caught in a murder investigation looks as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> While I didn't see his whole body of work, based on what I saw, Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances as the policeman, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is the kind of police spokesman used to cuddle the local hoods if he gets information or a confession. One night he died too far and accidentally a man. He does his best to cover it. But things get complicated when he falls to the dead woman, Mr. Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father is number one suspect in the murder case. As Morgan's father means the world to her, Dixon must do what he can to clean the old man without implying himself. Technically, where the pavements are outstanding. In addition to the tremendous performance of Andrews, the movie features the outstanding Tierney. She has a quality that can make even the darkest moments look better. The rest of the cast is just as solid with Tom Tully as the wrong accused father is a real look. Besides the play, the direction, sets, lighting and filmmaking are all at stake. Overall, it's an incredibly well-made movie. <br /> <br /> If I have one complaint (and that is a very small issue), Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and environment. It's a little hard to believe that such a woman can mix herself with some of these indifferent characters. It's not really her fault, it's just like Tierney comes over. She looks a little too beautiful, polished and delicate for the part. But her gentle, friendly, trusting nature gives a sense of realism to her portrayal.
