In Where The Sidewalk Ends, Otto Preminger reunites Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, certainly in the hope of regaining the magic of his Laura. But they are completely different movies, which occur in different strata of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the noir universe). A good mist from the Gothic hang over Laura's exciting Manhattan, with his erotic obsession and a faint nose of necrophilia; Where the pavement ends, pure urban soot and grit is a village basement, steam rooms and parking garages. <br /> <br /> But it's both as fine a movie as its revered predecessor, and entwined in the wool noir (Laura, on the other hand, one of the 1944 filmmakers, the French first " Noir 'was still a sophisticated murder story. Daylight comes only on many temporary sufferings, and director of photography Joseph LaShelle makes the most of the corridors, bristles, harbors and the El. It's a big city - specifically Big Apple - noir, like several of the 1950's bumper crops, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, police detective Dana Andrews is on the verge of his brutal ways, especially his vendetta to crime boss Gary Merrill (who we are learning is in Andrews's ne'er business do-well father). When an out-of-towner is killed at a floating crap game run by Merrill, the hair trigger Andrews raises a witness and kills him with a skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head). In the realization that his work is already on the line, Andrews kicks the body into the river after the suspect seems to have taken a powder. <br /> <br /> Of course it's far from an end to it. The body was discovered, his estranged wife seemed to be Tierney, and all the evidence began to turn to her father (Tom Tully), a hack driver who had not only copied the same streets the night of the murder. To have enough reason to kill his abusive son-in-law. But the bitter lonely Andrews finds in Tierney a summons to his better nature; He tries to profane her father while still secretly keeping his own involvement in the whole sordid business. <br /> <br /> Not as epigramatic as Laura, the script for Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht) shows an urgency of its own (in a second turn, she tells superior Andrews, "Look at you - everything has a barrelhouse subject "). <br /> <br /> But while Laura is paying attention to half a dozen characters, here Andrews is all but the only focus (even Tierney's role is much less central than her half-spectrum Laura). And Andrews may never have singled out his performance here. It is stiff and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when its face quietly registers the anxiety its own stubbornness has brought. He is a revamped sufferer who can only find release through the security valve of violence (even beating his loyal partner, Bert Freed). To be sure, he finds too soon a path to salvation, though the agency of his beautiful fellow. But it was the style of the times, and a sweetened end has little to undermine this New York story of violence, corruption and urban entanglements.
