We are far from LAURA. Again Otto Preminger, Dana Andrews star as a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney are the beautiful woman attacking him but nothing else about WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS looks like everyone's favorite sophisticated murder mystery. Instead of a delicious quote dialogue, we get eager, sad realism. While the previous movie took place in the overnight top echelons of New York society, we are here in the low-rent district of dark streets, hoodlums, inexpensive restaurants and crummy flats. Tierney, beautiful as ever, now works as a store and lives in Washington Heights (near the "pop" that once received a fox fur from LAURA's Mark McPherson). This time, Andrews Mark Dixon, an older, sad, more upset version of the cool policeman in a trench. <br /> <br /> WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to a noir subgenre, police brutality movies focusing on police who cannot control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas' character in DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his shameful contempt for crooks to his father's criminal past. Where Douglas is self-righteous and blind to his own mistakes, Andrews is charged with repressed debt and self-rejection. He accidentally killed a suspect and covered his actions with an attempt to throw suspicions on a slimy gangster (Gary Merrill), which he had falsely pursued for years. Instead, a friendly taxi driver is suspected of being the father of the dead man's estranged and abused wife, Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, in love with the husband of the man he killed, is trying to save her father without giving him away. <br /> <br /> Among the lead players, Dana Andrews had this distinction: he was unable to appear unintelligently. Even when he plays an average Joe, as he usually did, he always seems so extremely sensitive and upbeat; More than that, its air to be considerate for its own comfort, gives it ghostly - and ghostly - quality that was its essence as an actor. He played ordinary guys, police and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent to see and know too much. His conscientious heroes are characterized by exhaustion, guilt, the inability to ever relieve. No other actor could so well have pronounced the bottled anger, the slow burning pain, the shrouded intelligence of Mark Dixon. He also has a subdued softness, a subdued warmth and even angry humor that makes him heartbreaking. It comes out when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he's regular. And for the first time we see this cold, brutal man, insulting a sly with the waitress, whose sarcasm can't hide her love and concern for him. When Dixon asked his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he provided it even though they had recently argued and Dixon threw a punch on him. There are no words about loyalty or knowing he is a good guy deep, but we see it all in the man's depraved silence and his wife's resignation while handing over certain jewels. Dixon's goodness comes from other people's reaction to him as much as through Andrew's deep-moving performance. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a minor star, he could be the forty-first man. He goes through a few movies that hardly ever take off his overcoat; With that dead, mid-century silhouette, further enhanced by the fedora, the glass of bourbon, the cigarette, he does not take out of his mouth as he speaks, he looks into the masculine ideal of toughness and impeccability. While many noirs romanticize the two-fisted man, the SIDEWALK ENDS offers an insufficient portrait of the reality behind the facade, a gripping and melancholic exploration of the roots and effects of violence. <br /> <br /> Andrews was underestimated in his own time (he was the only one of the three major players in THE BEST YEAR OF OUR LIVES not nominated for an Academy Award, although his lower key performance is more compelling than Frederic March's hammy, Oscar winning drunk. Luckily, Andrews appeared in some of the films that ensured his immortality, and eventually this little-known movie featuring his best performance can be seen as part of the wonderful Fox Film Noir set. This series, including a number of never published titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth Century-Fox had the best record of all the big studios when it came to film noir.
