George Cukor directs this high quality story of tension in the theater world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, still stands, despite some overwhelming moments ?? It's hard to forget his ghostly appearance, as he deliberately strives for social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting sub-texts and Cukor does an excellent job of making it clear without too much forcing. The script by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant and blends the rarified theater world with the cunning world of streets and uses the elements of Shakespeare's King Lear as a reference to both the main theme of jealousy and Colman's character's obsession with identity . . <br /> <br /> Several interesting things about this movie ?? superficially it can be dismissed as too flippant a treatment of everyday problems of actors. In other words, if art requires such a complete sublimation of individuality, we will soon have a rash of psychometric actors bumping the streets. But I don't really think this story's primary concern is acting or the work / art of action per se. I think Anthony's struggle represents a broader existential question, a deeply buried insecurity about identity. There is a key I feel in his relationship with his former wife, Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never be a good actor without her inspiration. And at another point he explicitly stated that his extreme identification started with his roles when he married her. I'm not sure what to do about it, but it seems important to me, especially since it's his obsession with her and jealousy of her that finally pushes him over. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony was in the first place threatening himself by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage implies a "union of the soul" in the traditional concept. It is unusual for the male and female protagonists to be separated at the beginning of the film. This is not completely unprecedented (Hawks' comedy "His Girl Friday" is thought to be, but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in the light of the fact that they do not eventually solve their romantic divorce). In a way, the movie may imply that jealousy is another form of self-love.
