Ronald Colman plays a well-known Broadway actor who began to lose his mind and sense of identity. After years of a wide range of parts, he can't remember who he is - who is his role and who is the self. And much more seriously, he began to see and hear his play even in everyday life. So, as he is currently playing in Othello, he begins to act jealously and suspiciously - just like the title character. Eventually, it leads to the depth of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw and liked this movie years ago. I just saw it and loved it. Maybe I'm my enthusiasm, because I've always loved Ronald Colman and it's a big triumph for him - and for which he earned Oscar the best actor. And look at that competition that year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING COM ELECTRA). I think Colman was a great choice as he stretched out. its regular convenience zone and had a much more demanding role. Now I noticed that one reviewer hated this movie because they hated Shakespeare - and it took about half their review of their dislike for him. However, this movie isn't really about Shakespeare, and it doesn't matter if you don't like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but surprised me by the small parts of the play Colman reviewed. Yet, as I said, it's not a real movie about Shakespeare. Instead, it is a wonderful portrait of an actor who loses his mind and mixes his stage role with reality. It could have been any game, though "Othello" was an excellent choice due to the murder scene. It is actually being performed later in the film. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very clever movie due to a beautiful script - with some film noir overtones. Fortunately, the play was also fantastic, as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (which was especially good - he played his part right). And since the big George Cukor was director, it's not surprising that it's a great movie from start to finish.
