A DOUBLE LIFE has developed two reasons for a mystery among filmmakers: the plot idea of ​​an actor is so accompanied by a role (here Othello) to pick up the big mistake of that character and put it in his life; and that is the movie Ronald Colman won the Oscar Award (as well as the Golden Globe) as Best Actor. Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman's biggest role, or even his signature role? I have my doubts at any level - but this is one of his best known roles. Most of his career, Ronald Colman, played decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is Bulldog Drummond (tidy in the Goldwyn production not to be an arrogant racist fighter). He is Raffles, the great cricketer and even bigger burglar, and tries to pull off his best burglary to save a friend's honor. He is Robert Conway, the great imperial political figure, kidnapped and brought to paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, male after his death when he learns that his masterpiece has been destroyed and knows he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is unknowingly ominous - he kills one person and kills nearly two others. It doesn't matter that he's apparently mentally ill. His behavior here is anti-social. <br /> <br /> For me, Colman had to get the Oscar for Hero, or Carton, or Conway - increasingly typical of his acting. roles. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles for the treasure of its leading members. Colman's Anthony John is a very good performance, and at one point very scary. If only with Signe Hasso in her house, she is on top of a staircase and at the base, they have an argument. She claims that "Tony" goes and says she won't see him. He stared at her, his face was strangely hardening in a way he had never used before, and he said, "Oh, no, you won't!" He started scaring up, Hasso, and she walked into her room. He stops himself and leaves. This is actually the real highlight of his performance - even more than his assault on Hasso on stage, or of Edmond O'Brien, or his murder of Shelley Winters. It showed his blind anger. For that moment, it was (for me) an Oscar-worthy performance. But it's just that moment. I'm glad he was acknowledged for the role, but he had to get the award for a more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His real performance in the Shakespeare role of Othello is not big, but bearable. Too often, he leaves the dialogue of his tongue in a kind of forced singing style (one wonders if it was due to the training of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to handle the role properly or a response to it). Nowadays, "Othello" is played more often than a white one by an African American actor. Paul Robeson's brilliant performance role has firmly put the new tradition in place. But the three best-known feature films of this part are Colman, Orson Welles in OTHELLO's film, and Laurence Olivier in his OTHELLO play production film. All three white actors played the role in black face. My personal favorite of the three is Welles, which looks the most subtle. But even watching Welles's fine movie version, make me angry that Robeson should never post his performance (with Jose Ferrer as Iago) on film. <br /> <br /> Now the first question - can an actor pack it. a role? I heard different things about this. Some actors allowed to play with them at the theater or movie set. Others have found a role to stimulate, influence on a new cause of action about their lives or an aspect of life. But in fact, I've never heard of anyone who's been homosexual because of a role. It seems to be a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, it wasn't a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, the BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, made a similar plot about an actor who began to play a notorious "Jack the Ripper" type, and who began to commit that kind of murder after an accident of touched his mind. . There was a previous movie in the 1930s, in which an actor playing Othello gets jealous of his wife (I think the title was NOT PEOPLE, but I'm not sure). But because of Colman's name and career, and Cukor's direction, it's a dual life that people think of remembering this plot idea. It even reached comedy (eventually) on an episode of CHEERS, where Diane Chambers helps an ex-convict who has talented talent, and they put OTHELLO at the bar just after kissing her with Sam Malone. Only Diane is aware of the personality problem of the ex-offender, and cannot delay the production long enough (she tries to start a discussion in the history and symbolism of the play). <br /> <br /> The movie of a DOUBLE LIFE was first, and Cukor's direction was as sure as ever. So the movie is definitely worth watching. But despite Colman's interesting role, it wasn't his best work on the screen.
