This two-part TV mini series isn't as good as the original from 1966, but it's solid. The original benefited from a large number of things --- it was all in black and white, it got a great jazz score and it was filmed in the right places, including the house of the doomed Clutter family. This was important because the house in the book and in the original movie is very much a character. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada and I think it's good for Kansas. The story tries to be Perry as sympathetic as it dares and Eric Roberts plays him as a somewhat boring person. His homosexuality is barely hidden. However, the softer calling of Roberts doesn't work quite well, but it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith will eventually explode into a spasm of murder. While Robert Blake's attack on Smith left you undoubtedly, Perry Smith had a very dangerous character. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent as the bombastic, generous and ultimately cowardly Dick Hickcock, the brain of the outfit. . His performance compares very well to Scott Wilson's role in the original film. <br /> <br /> As it is a longer movie, it offers more time to develop the Clutter family and in this regard I think the 1996 movie has an advantage. The Clutters are just an excellent, decent family. They have never harmed another soul and it is only inexplicable that such a decent family is eventually tortured in such a horrible way. It still seems to me that the Herb Clutter, after the Clutters were locked in the bathroom, had not forced out of the window would have given his children the chance to escape. This movie seemed to him but too late. From what I read about the real house still standing, the way the bathroom is set up, the dressers opened and the door landed, forcing the killers to blow their way. But it can 'I bought some of the Clutters to escape. Why the Clutters didn't try it, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will admit that this movie enjoys many freedoms with the way crime is committed, but not too serious. Yet, it is distracting to viewers like me who have read tons about the matter. The actors playing the police, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are uniformly excellent, much better, I think, as a group, as the actors in the original movie. They know they have to fix the nose around their necks, they must confess them. And the officials come to the interview perfectly prepared. They have already discovered the probable alibi, the fake story to fetch Fort Scott and uncover every root of it. The officials then dropped Smith & Hickcock into their trap. Hickcock is a b. Artist figureing can convince someone of anything and the officers with respect let him tell his cover story. But when they drop the spree on him, he breaks out very quickly. It is very well filmed and acted and very pleasant to watch because of course the viewer must ignore Hickcock at this point, a cowardly man who needs the easily manipulated Smith to do his murder on him. Hickcock presumably later said that the real reason for the crime was not money from the Clutters, but to rape Nancy Clutter. She at least saved the decline. <br /> <br /> The actors playing the Clutters are very good, especially Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter. The story treats sensitively with Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, probably clinical depression, and mrs. Clutter shows remarkable inner strength when she urgently demands that the murderers alone leave her daughter. From what I read, the Clutters surviving family was particularly concerned about how Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, claiming it was totally untrue. But aside, both murderers were related to the police on how Clutter asked them not to bother his wife because of her long illness. Capote could make that fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but the murderers certainly had no reason for Mrs. Clutter falsely portrayed. And undoubtedly, much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the movies) is right from the bound confessions of the killers. So it would have been silly that Herb had said this and it wouldn't be true.
