I'm from Sweden and I've just seen this movie and the thing is that I thought it was good. I've seen a lot of bad comments about this, but remember that many people who look at these two ministries are all over the world and not just in the US. Also remember that not everyone ever heard of the movie that happened in the 60's and might not have heard in the events (murders). And more ... that it's hard to find the original movie and if so, there are always people around who don't like black and white movies. This one feels fresh and in color and will find its audience. It's now 12 years old but I only saw it for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare it, but I have never seen it in Sweden. Ofcorse there is internet, but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that it is mostly part of a US crime history and was big in the 50-60's in just the US, but in the rest of the world it just passed. Well, it has been told for quite some time, but 40 years later it will disappear in Europe, for example, because time goes by. We've had our own problems and crimes, so if someone does a remake of the movie again and brings it back in a light, it's not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part in this horrible story and even the film about Capote released just a few years ago was witch, a good movie, I think too. It will increase interest in the events that occurred about 50 years ago and perhaps stop falling asleep. It started me and now I'm looking for the Robert Blake version, so it's not that bad. These are my opinions. Of course, some people will disagree, but hey ... it's good. Sometimes it will be older with remake on old movies. It's not every time the old ones are so good. The movie techniques have developed a lot and scenes can be made more realistic if they want today. Of course, this is always a matter of money. There were so many movies made in the "good old days", but there was also money missing, bad directors, etc. They are repairing them today (50 years later) and suddenly it is good to look. My friend has this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and I can't say I was impressed with the so-called good old days. Most of you cold sitting right in the trash. They were so bad we just sat there like zombies ... couldn't move, like brain death. I can't recommend them to anyone. Some of them I saw, and I remember they like ... but not the original. They were just painfully terrible. It's like the old story of which the best Bond was ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, he finds him the one to trust or like ... Thanks for me and I'm sorry for me english, it's not so good. / Lars from Sweden
