I found this family movie to be enjoyable and enjoyable, although I am not a child. It is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert), who discovers that the elevator in her upper class apartment becomes a time machine when a key to a key chain she has from a blind scientist in the lift closed. . She learns how to control the machine (with any uncertainty about time of day). <br /> <br /> The movie is not a work of serious science fiction. You have to ignore the usual instability paradox associated with past change through time travel, that is, the past is changing to prevent the 1881 Walker family from getting poor, but the change never means the family is in financial trouble. did not come. told Susan about the financial problems her mother had, which meant Susan had no reason to change the past in the first place! In addition, there are a few fine touches in the story, such as the old lift panel, found in the woman's apartment that secretly invented and installed the time machine. There was no space for the lock that enabled the time machine function. . As in many stories for children, we should also assume that a child will not share exciting information about a time travel with a parent or other adult, but rather hide the traveler. <br /> <br /> It also requires not taking into account some poorly performed scenes and uninspired performances by some of the adult actors. (The child actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their parts.) In one scene in the 1300s, Native Americans noticed that Susan was observing and photographing them. But they don't surprise in the sudden appearance of this blonde, white-colored girl in a strange dress. Their response is to simply stop what they do and to walk quietly to Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother carries a baby, but of course it is a doll (its white skins and its head flop around). <br /> <br /> Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor who was originally featured in TV's old "Thirty Something", gives a somewhat uninteresting, sometimes lackluster, performance. In the other extreme, hammer Michel Perron it as the Italian building superintendent (nurse), as well as Richard Jutras in his role as a nosy neighbor. (The neighbor's name is Edward Ormondroyd, the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I suspect these problems may be the fault of the director or possibly of a low budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these mistakes, I recommend the movie to children. In addition to the interesting story, it also has some educational value, as it indicates how much technology and social norms have changed in over 100 years.
