Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax consultant who lives in Sydney, Australia. He was pulled into a murder trial. He defended five Aboriginal men accused of killing a fellow resident in Peter Weir's 1977 apocalyptic thriller The Last Wave. Recording where the picnic left at Hanging Rock, the film goes deeper into the unfamiliar exploration and in the process shows the gap between two cultures living next to each other, but does not understand each other's culture and traditions. Weir shows how white society views indigenous beliefs as primitive superstitions and believes that they are no longer applicable to tribal and culture since living in cities and "homemade". <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton gets deeper and deeper into a strange web of visions and symbols where the arrangement between real time and "dream time" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the opening movie in which a sudden thunder and hailstorm undermines a peaceful school trip to Burton's discovery that his bath is overflowing and water falls on his stairs. As violent and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the delicate scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is made clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books on the Aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. Inviting one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, is worried to find that he is the subject of a mysterious investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula) Aboriginal wizard involved with the defendants. As Burton's investigation continues, his clients make his work difficult by refusing to reveal the true events surrounding the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris appeared in his dreams, Burton was convinced that the Aborigine was murdered in a tribe ritually because "he saw too much", although Chris refused to admit it in court. Burton is becoming more and more upset about a mystery he cannot unravel, say to his stepfather: "Why didn't you tell me there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question, but according to the reverence the Church answers all mysteries. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enter the underground caves in the trunk. Although we are not sure what is really and what a dream is, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in a haunting climax that will make you think about its significance in the early hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this era of history in which the indigenous Hopi and Mayan prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of man who leads to the fifth world, The Last Wave, already 25 years old, yet timely. The Aborigines are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not one that is completely subjugated by the white man, but I am upset about the gut feeling we are watching but not really seeing. Weir opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensual view of reality, but he maintains the punishment orientation that is only possible in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable force without a hint of spiritual beauty that lives on both sides of time.
