John Cassavetes's 1977 Opening Night, which critics call the work of such an important artist, is 'overlooked'. It's an excellent movie, in its own right, and one of the best portraits of a midlife crisis ever made to film. It's not a perfect movie because it's about two hours and twenty-four minutes, it's about half an hour too long and there's a bit too much emphasis on the drunkenness of the main character Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes' wife, long after we got the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece, Another Woman, who died Rowlands eleven years later, is a better portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman. Yet Rowlands won the best actress award at the Berlin Film Festival for this depiction, and it was well deserved. Often, this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily compared to its earlier and inferior film, a woman under the influence, but it is a false comparison. Rowlands's character in the film is severely disturbed from the beginning, as well as from a blue collar background, while her characters in this film and in Allen's film are both performances played by appearances. In this movie, it is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as Myrtle's younger doppler, while In Allen's film is her character's own past. Many critics took this film to be a portrait of an alcoholic, since Myrtle surrounded with enablers, like a stage manager telling her during the opening night: "I saw a lot of drunk in my time, but I" I have no one as drunk as you can get up. You are wonderful! "But it's wrong because alcohol is not her problem and her chain is not smoking either. They are simply deviations from everything that really forces her to her own destruction, and much to Cassavetes' credit. As a narrator, he never tells us exactly what is wrong with Myrtle, and despite the fact that she eventually comes to an end, there is no reason to expect that she really solved something of consequence. This kind of endless resolution connects Cassavetes directly to the more daring European directors of the recent past, who were comfortable revealing nothing to an audience, forcing their viewers to cogitate, even if it is hurting. <br /> <br /> However, the film repeats the effects of a drunk or fever-like fever, and as such the viewer is again subliminally involved in his drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon recovers or not, after the film's universe, irises are left over for each viewer to decide, and as we have seen before the lid closes, the choices of man fall.
