Looking at John Cassavetes movie, Opening Night, I am reminded of something Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experience of being a creator of art or acting. He referred to an example of, for example, if he ran over a dog while on his way to performing in a play that would not be the end of his life, but that would affect him and that he should undoubtedly bring that experience to him on stage, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "what am I doing?" I can't help but think of his words when I look at Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, who is going through a very similar scenario for almost a whole week or so. Of course there is more about this in Cassavetes's film, as it is about how the theater works around a star actress, which means emotion and human nature if you play a character and how one lives when everyone has one (like Myrtle Gordon) is the theater. <br /> <br /> After the start of the movie, after the performance of a show, Myrtle is signed signatures and one such fan named Nancy comes to her favorite star and throws her heart out to Myrtle. It's a small moment, but it doesn't like getting in the car (pouring rain and everything). She then looks in horror as the girl, who was standing right next to the car driving it off, was hit by another car in a car accident. She didn't really know what had happened, but found out the next day that the girl was actually dead. From then on she was so upset about it even after she thought it was from her system. Initially, it shows in small ways, such as when she rehearses a play with her co-actor (played by Cassavetes) and doesn't seem to be beaten - she blames it on the lack of depth in the character (the author: " What do you think the play has? "" Hope, "says Myrtle) - but then Nancy appears to her, an appearance that is up to Myrtle is really until she is gone. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes , as in the past, is after a search for what it means to have emotion, to really feel about something and to feel it, or its lack, and how it affects other people around the person. new ground for Rowlands, who previously played a woman on the verge of herself in Woman Under the Influence (in that case, because of alcohol), and also would not be a foreign territory to cost Ben Gazzara in death from a Chinese booklet, but the actors express everything that is essential to their characters in every scene; Cassavetes tells them not how to get from A to B in a scene, and he doesn't have to. There is a mood in a Cassavetes movie that sometimes dumps grungy camera work. For example, you know Myrtle has to be satisfied in some way, even if it's not with the plot. But she's ghost and is unhappy with her character's lack of depth and the scene of the play ("Aging, who's going to see it?" She asks the playwright) and it also begins those who touch her. <br /> <br /> The question soon becomes, but not what the ordinary is. A conventional playwright will make the conflict: "Will she be able to go on stage, will the performance continue?" It is not important for Cassavetes, even if it is there, and the question is, "Will she do well?" Perhaps through such a terrible play as "The Second Woman" it helps her work out her personal demons and lose her grip on reality (see Sarah and attack her before the total strangers wondering what the hell is going on) )? Or will the play's lack of hope yield anything wrong with her? The depths of Rowlands, with her character, are intense and sad, and it is not expected to be duller than Woman under the influence. If it's something, it's just as good as the movie to be honest about a person in this profession. consequently, the other performances are just as true, from Gazarra to Nancy played by a subtle Laura Johnson. Cassavetes' answers to his own questions are not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the true excitements of Opening Night, along with the view of great actors performing a great screenplay, is to see Cassavetes take up the scene as he does. We see the play performed - and this is apparently a real play - and we only know a little about it. When we see the actors on stage, it gets worse to get involved in what melodrama does (relationship shift and affairs and sometimes slap and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I wondered how very really improvised, how many Cassavetes allowed the other actors to do in the screens where Myrtle started to run or climbed in the climax. He is also on stage, so it must have been something for them to work out beforehand and make it happen. <br /> <br /> It's funny, shocking, cool and your seat stuff, some of the best theater-on-movie scenes ever put into a movie, and we see the rules between the actor on the act, actor on film, actor with actor, wonder together. Opening Night is a powerful drama full of honest talk about death and insanity, reality and fiction, where love is between people, and finally, what does 'scene' mean?
