It was once suggested by Pauline Kael, never a fan, that Cassavetes did not think of a director, but as an actor. What Kael meant was his alleged lack of sophistication as a film maker; To take that comparison further, I never feel that Cassavetes is directing him to a movie. Cassavetes feels like he is implanting himself in his own creation, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes is as much of a genius as Welles, but much more important than a true artist (as opposed to a technician or rhetoric). It's like a cross between Italian passion (although Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have inner demons been physically exposed. <br /> <br /> It's about the mystery of being, performing and acting. Like a ghostly Skip James record, it has the echoes of ghosts all around. Rowlands' breakdowns, which are devastating and almost operational, come surprisingly from Cassavetes, are accompanied by a striking, disturbing piano. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless and it is incredible to find this kind of thing in a Cassavetes movie, just the overt display of intelligence (there is also a short voice-over at the beginning). But then he was always intelligent, he never made it around for easy praise. It is not "Adaptation"; Here, the mixing of reality and fiction and drama is not smart, but to show the inner turmoil and confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> There's so much going on. The pure, joyful love when Rowlands greets her doorman; the horror when she beats herself ... The scene where the girl talks about how she dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations to understand what it means to be a fan of someone . You can see a few roots in a star born here, and Almodovar borrowed for it "Everything about my mother." I think the end is a bit of a disappointment because of the nice pace, but the preparation that comes from it is almost sick. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite the urgency in many of the scenes, is a relatively small point about the movie.) <br /> <br /> It's a living, breathing thing, and It feels like a process: it can go any direction at any time. Like "Cherry Taste," we are reminded that "you should never forget it's just a play." Yet, it is dangerous: when Rowlands says the line, is it a big drama? How will the audience take it? Is she reflexive or does she not care? Her (character) crashes are recorded in the performances, and eventually the movie, in such a way that it is like a female James Dean. 10/10
