Yesterday I went to the monthly Antique flea market that came to town. I really have no interest in such things, but I went for the community of friends who have such an interest. Looking for the hundreds of vendors, many of whom were quickly over, I saw someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies he had on DVD were quite recent; the oldest one I noticed was the 1940 Cary Grant-Irene Dunne co-starring MY FAVORITE WIFE. But the VHS tapes, by their very nature, were mostly older movies. I couldn't resist buying anything, as they were sold at $ 3 for 3 tires. What a bargain, as Eddie Murphy said earlier. I've come across one movie I've been hearing for years, but have never seen: John Cassavettes OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, I decided that it was a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I heard that this film contains one of her best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I saw it about 20 years ago, a time when I probably didn't have enough life experience to really appreciate it. And I wanted to make use of the bargain, so I grabbed the one too. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to set aside the work I was planning so I could see OPENING NIGHT. I was totally surprised by this movie. It focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a well-known actor of stage and screen, who has personal and professional problems during the pre-congregation performances that both her character and drama's theme of aging take into account. After a rehearsal, an avid fan and signature child becomes tears of "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan was hit and killed by a car. It starts Myrtle's descent into herself, facing her own fears of aging, the future of her career as an adult actress, and the shortcomings she finds in the drama itself (written by a much older woman playwright, played by Joan Blondell). Throughout the film she sees the dead girl, a clear symbol of her past; drink barely constant; and received sincere support from her director (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), her costume (John Cassavettes herself) and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how her behavior will affect them and their careers: flickering lines on the stage, improvising new lines, generally cracking on stage and arriving for the Broadway opening completely drunk. <br /> <br /> This story not only works to address the issues of aging, but also to promote Cassavette's dissatisfaction with mainstream movies. While watching the movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, deviant, but eventually engaged, entertained and content. Cassavettes really had a good sense of humor, many thought that she understands what he implies, and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He made comments to ALL about EVE using the avid theater lover, even the young girl in a slicker and hat like the one Anne Baxter wore, at the start of the film. This summary works most clearly to support its aging theme, the contrast of the older and younger woman. Of course, he uses the contrast as a symbol for Myrtle's confrontation with her own lost youth. Initially I felt the symbolism was also obvious, but then I realized that it was Cassavettes intention. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what he is touching; if they did, it would interfere with their emotional involvement. This ghost of the youth hates Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle eventually killed her, but before she can really talk to herself and the play, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). So Cassavettes became so drunk that she couldn't walk and had to crawl into her dressing room the night the play opened on Broadway. She revives herself (helping yourself out of such situations is also important for the movie's theme) and makes the drama a success by giving a good performance and changing the game by improving the improvisation so that it a little hope for the aging character she plays. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually did the play for live audiences, who did and didn't know they would be part of a movie. The play they do also serves as a contrast: it is mainstream and itself serious about the issues it addresses, that is, until Myrtle changes its disruption. Thus, she also improves the work of her co-stars. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved by improvisation) between and between people, subjective realism and universal truth - it was Cassavette's concern to make films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is wonderful throughout. Of course, she has such a big face, and Cassavettes (notorious for her in marriage in marriage) treat us a lot of closeness so we can also feel her emotions and know what goes on inside her. She cares so much about this character that you want to see her work out of her soul crisis. And that's what drives your attention for the 2 hours and 30 minutes. The film is deliberately played at times and requires constant attention, but everyone with interest in good movies and great acting will be rewarded. Someone else said it was a movie for people who love movies. All others are warned. <br /> <br /> Search OPENING NIGHT if you've never seen it before. All of them are excellent, and this is one of Cassavettes' best films.
