*** Off **** <br /> <br /> Yep! Dressed To Kill is that kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? The 1993 movie, starring Brad Pitt as a serial killer "welcoming" some travelers in a trip to California as a friend who might be a good company on the way. Looking at a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot before I see it, because the surprises can get even cooler. That's how it was with California. When I first watched it for last year, I never realized it was a team, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the movie turned on, it got even better and I was on the edge of my seat almost kissed me, so close to me! So, we're talking about Dressed To Kill, right? Before I watched this movie (today!), I only watched 2 other movies from Brian De Palma, so I can say I don't know his works so well, but can know from afar that these 2 movies were for me as big as they can be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on the TV, I was really so desperate to get a DVD copy and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible, too. And today I watched a third movie from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the movie goes on, it's quite different from what you'd expect. I look, curiously, to the scene of the museum, where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his taxi and ends up in a living room. You can guess what happened. But when the movie reached the elevator scene, the movie went completely different. I watched the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are some low points. Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped he could say something, but he never did! It was completely ridiculous and was undoubtedly something that made me change by not accepting this movie at least almost as a masterpiece. Even in the taxi scene, where Dickinson apologizes for what happened in the museum, the completely silent man grabs her, pulls her in the taxi and starts kissing each other. You know, it reminded me of the Mexican TV series of the 70's "El Chavo Del 8", where some characters are completely silent. Getting past these low points of the movie is actually a good movie, taking into account the tension, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as detective Marino! Remind me as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990) where he plays almost the same kind of character. <br /> <br /> Well, at the conclusion of this review, the termination of Dressed To Kill is the same as in Carrie! I don't know if I really liked it because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a DePalma movie, so it's not really an imitation, because it was his idea! But it was a recurring idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing that Nancy Allen wakes up from a bad dream, just as it does with Amy Irving in Carrie's final scene. It was, of course, still a low point. But if you pass by then you will find that Dressed To Kill is a very good movie, and I assure you that it is not a waste of time to watch it.
