I just watched Dressed to Kill, written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the R-rated version and the unprecedented version. I chose the unprecedented version. Since I still have to see the R data version, I can't be quite sure of the difference. However, there is a lot of graphic graphic female nudity, including a scene of explicit expression of self-satisfaction in this version. I think you can call this scene soft core porn. thing can offend you, I suggest you see the "R" debate version. but I split. Any comment below refers to the unprecedented version. This is a murder mystery / psychological horror / suspense movie.there are very little violence and blood. However, there is one death order of note. The act of killing is pretty graphic. Anyway, the blood itself doesn't really look like it. It reminds us of what a 70's movie would look like. I believe it is deliberately done to offset the violence of the act itself, to give the scene a sense of budget. Most of the violence, or rather the possibility of such, is implied. The movie is very good. If I can say, each one has a purpose that I find very rare compared to many of today's films. Anyway, I also thought the acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. And Micheal Cane turns into a quiet, understated performance in his role, which works brilliantly in this case. The movie also has one big twist in it, though some people may find it predictable. The only complaint (and it's actually more of an observation) I have is that I thought the character Nancy Allen could have been more, especially since she has a fair amount of screen time. But I think she does a good job with what she is given. And it doesn't really take away the quality of the movie. The film also has a strong moral role, which is even more relevant today. But the movie doesn't push you over the head with it. I also liked much of the musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi, felt it was very similar to the music in the original Psycho. For me, this music has elevated the film. I thought this movie was brilliant. For me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
