It is possible to see for the first time for the first time. It's a movie with some fantastic rows, some decent performances, and a nice, but obvious Hitchcock ripoff, plot twist to the end. It's just bad things, obviously, preventing them from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to kill, deals with a mystery of a murderer who killed at least two women (could be more than the movie never tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: a good child, whose mother was a victim, a lively hooker, whose only one can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the murdered brainy kid's mother. There are many good performances such as Nancy Allen as hooker Liz, Angie Dickenson as the sexually frustrated victim Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Doctor Rober Elliot, who is more hidden than he gets to the eye. but at no standard is anyone really outstanding. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who later became a big hit on the hit NYPD Blue hit show, is embarrassing as an exaggerated, relentless, hateful detective, though he takes little screen time so it's not the movie so much. The brainchild, Keith Gordon, is decent, but is almost too smart to be truly credible. <br /> <br /> What sticks with me most in the movie are the strained rows. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother at the museum is tempting and well done, just like the later row that leads to her untimely death. I also love the order at the doctor's office, revealing the killer's identity, which really brings the whole movie together. And there's a split screen scene I thought was almost classic. Yet there is another situation when Liz is on a train, running from what the murderer might be, who is being taken, which never has to embrace almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a tension it is tense and often credible. As a crime drama, it often falls, especially with the incomplete, ridiculous explanation of everything that has finally happened. There is also an unnecessary, and too long, dream order in the end, in which they had the audacity to shoot someone's foot, because what was minutes at a time. It was an up and down experience; One scene would catch me with sadness and understanding, and the next one would shut me up and ask why. Over 100 minutes it could have been under 90 and a better movie. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans should like this. It still stands out as a better movie than most of today's bracts. Maybe it was a better movie in time, but I saw it recently. I can say I enjoy it, and it's worth watching for my three favorite scenes.
