Dressed to kill, understandably made a joke when first released in 1980: you had a "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic, as Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife playing good times in all the wrong museums (and there in the apartment lifts), plus Nancy Allen as a call girl, Michael Caine as Norman Bates sophisticated New York cousin, and enough crooked images to keep two movies of the period . Today it is slightly less incriminating according to standards and so on. Although the ungraded version of De Palma's movies contains the most "hot" content, at least in its quasi-author period of the 70's and early 80's, where it appears to repeat themes over and over, ideas taken directly from the movie roles of the Hitchcock classic and gave a tawdry lift. This is a simple story that has been seen in some of Susters, and then to some extent in Body Double, and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays that call, me. Liz Blake, who needs to clear her suspicions of Kate's death (Dickinson, in full blue MILF mode). After being found with a razor, the murder weapon of dr. Elliott's office (Michael Caine, coal-mining most of the way.) From Palma's prospect, it looks like a way to set up a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way to cover Carrie's opening scene. (what he might just do in terms of editing), we get a series of technical knockout turns through the style of the style itself: the museum's hunting shots, which are meant to generate more of the fascination with the process itself, to follow and to follow, as any kind of tension; The subway ride (a precursor of Carlito's Way) is done with a precise stress point, meanwhile, with a little bit of exploitation with the black gang; The character of Peter, Kate's son (Keith Gordon), who plays, is essentially a younger version of real life De Palma as a child (scientific geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all entertaining and surprising in hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis that makes De Palma's exciters so unique, while being so self-consciously uncomfortable by a fearless movie attitude. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the same self-consciousness has finally come back over the past few years to bite the director in the butt a few times, and in Dressed to Kill it is somehow very erratic and disappointing, as the story has to pack it. As the Psycho themes come together, it seems clear that a man who wants a sex change does not even think he is killing, because it is she who does it. There is a show scene in the police station which makes the above-mentioned Hitch movie look like an amazing psychological revelation. And the final scenes at Peter's house, which are also painfully reminiscent, are a much more successful drive in Carrie, meant for a manipulation that even calls for De Palma. The final shot especially, but a master's class, how to copy yourself. Yet in the mental hospitals there is a very confused and in-the-same perfect scene amid this confused denial, where the doctor does work on a nurse, with all the other prisoners like animals in a zoo and An overall shot that goes up the scene is one of the best shots of sexual / general perversion ever captured on film. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way, until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema, where the class in technical aspects (soft lighting, complicated camera movements so simple) amidst the subject that has to be found in the mix of paperbacks for 25 cents. This is not a masterpiece, but I will definitely take over most of the directors' recent thrillers.
