In France, it is considered polite by French critics to leave behind the seemingly coherent chain of films Brian De Palma behind him. A good part of his films, however, is manifested by bombastic effects "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978), "Scarface" (1983), without calling his Hitchcock loans. Here, in "Dressed to Kill" it is impossible not to think of Vertigo (1958) for the long drive in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator necessarily goes to the series of anthology in "Psycho" (1960) think. . About our movie, I don't want to revive the old debate: does De Palma Hitchcock get rid of? Instead, I would tend to be generous and classify "Dressed to Kill" in the category of De Palma's winners next to "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). With a few reservations and that's what I called earlier, which burns the bitterness between De Palma's rabid fans and his opponents. <br /> <br /> If there is one thing in "Dressed to Kill" that generates general agreement among movie lovers, this is De Palma's virtuosity in directing. He uses his camera just as a filmmaker expert is supposed to do. Its sophisticated camera works brilliantly to fuel the tension that entails an increase in voltage and an uncomfortable aura. The audience is easily glued to the screen. It is assisted by the use of several long silent series, all of which depend on appearance and gestures. Incidentally, in "Psycho", there were also long, quiet parts ... <br /> <br /> But the biggest drawback in De Palma's 1980 vintage is that the quality of the plot cannot be found and seems to be a rehash of many formal, corny ingredients associated with an incalculable number of murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness of the crime. Then she is suspected by the police and must act on her own (with some help from the victim's son of the scene in the subway). To find the killer and prove her innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a kind of character that is not muted at all, it is a menu that smells like reheat. And the filmmaker ends his movie on a row that echoes the first one. Yes, it is wonderfully filmed, but if one discovers its real function, one of the figures is "it's almost free." Perhaps De Palma wanted to extend his film for more than an hour and a half if the viewer (and before) knew who the killer was. <br /> <br /> The two central main jumps in De Palma's theme set articulate depends on manipulation and voyeurism. The latter theme is well presented in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene that the film almost looks like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to roll his main actress and wife Nancy Allen into her underwear. I find his approach to this theme rather dubious. But perhaps the first series was considered a mirror image of the viewer, and De Palma wanted to stir his scabby side. <br /> <br /> I don't want to break down the work of De Palma. His sought-after directional work involving a communicative on film relieves the global weakness of the story and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy he had raised between filmmakers was not ready to go down.
