Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. When her debauchery puts her in trouble, it is also a bystander, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who is involved in an investigation to discover the identity of a psycho-killer. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is somewhat important historically. This is one of the earlier examples of a contemporary style of thriller that includes extensions entirely by Hide and Seek (2005). It's strange, that director, Brian De Palma, basically tried to crawl Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally elevates parts of Vertigo (1958) to Dressed to Kill's notorious museum scene. Dressed to Kill's landscapes, as well as his villain and method of death, have similarities with Psycho (1960). De Palma also uses a prominent score with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann. The agreements don't end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, whether by accident or skill, manages to make a slant of or perhaps influence its influence. Dressed to Kill has an attitude, structure and flow that has influence. Perhaps partly because of this influence, Dressed to Kill is also deeply flawed when seen at this time. Countless subsequent directors have taken their Hitchcock-like De Palma and healed. It has improved virtually every element, and has now looked at 25-year-old vibrators. Much of Dressed to Kill seems painful, structurally sound and suddenly inactive <br /> <br /> One aspect of the movie unfortunately not improved is Dressed to Kill's sex and nudity scenes. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us to full preoccupation (Allen is of a very skewed angle), and De Palma has deadly shots of Dickinson's breasts, strong implicit masturbation and more visceral sexes than usual in contemporary films. Many scenes become soft core porn. I'm not a fan of prudishness - rather the opposite. The culture's puritanical, monogamistic, sheltered attitude towards sex and nudity is alarming to me. So from my perspective it is regrettable that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on flesh and his pleasure is one of the few aspects where others did not follow strongly or had the movie. Perhaps it is desirable, but they did not allow to follow because of cultural controls of conservative stuffed shirts. <br /> <br /> De Palma's direction of cinematography and setting up some scenes is also good enough that it is difficult to do something in the same style, better than De Palma does. He has a strange, distinctive approach to close-ups, and he likes shots from interesting corners, such as overhead views and James Whale-like distant-cut detection in sets. Of course, the directors were later flashing, but it's hard to say they were better. The film art is striking in its ability to build very subtle tensions over a false glove and a can or two while Kate follows through the intricate blocks of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, from the point of view of the story, and especially when one expects to see an excitement, everything through the museum scene and slightly beyond can be slow and silly. Due to the removal of the main genre of the film and the primary concern with legal teams (as well as cultural facts beyond the film), the opening seems to be a not very well-integrated attempt to be titillates and risque. As soon as the first murder takes place, things improve, but due to the film's ultimate influence, much of the improvement now looks a little clicked and sometimes hokey. <br /> <br /> The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is underutilized, and Dickinson has to leave earlier than we want (but the exit is needed and very effective). Dressed to Kill is probably your interest in the end, but due to facts not included in the picture itself, it didn't go well. At this stage, perhaps it is best to consider the film as a historical relic and as an example - but not best, even for that era - of some of De Palma's legal-minded flair.
