Just finished The Groove Tube that I first saw about 23 years ago when I was a teenager who stayed past my bedtime to watch HBO with my brother and best friend. We also previously watched Animal House, so we saw two movies that had a SNL alumna and had some bare breasts. Good thing, our parents slept all the time! In any case, there were many strange and funny things in this movie that were eye-catchers like the Brown 25 series of commercial Uranus Industries ("with the flavor of beef stew", the announcer says because it appears to be human outburst from a white tube. Ewww!) Or the face of the puppet talking about VD (a scrotum with a small penis with eyes glued). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their movie debut here. Chase is hilarious or does a Geritan mockup with a women's work, slaughtered his hands in an "Let Fingers Do It" deal, or sings "Four Leaf Clover" with co-writer / director Ken Shapiro who hands her up dreaming of his head. Belzer teams with Shapiro in the The Dealers movie, and on Channel One Evening News, with a wild bit Belzer as a black prostitute, tried to play reporter Ken. "Lionel, it sounds like a train I'm going to ride like a Choo-Choo!" Other outrageous bits include "The Koko Show" along with Shipiro as a nursery host who, after ordering the "people over ten" leaves the room, read requests from his viewers like sections of "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympic Games segment with a German couple who make love by announcing two men (one of them Spanish) as they get explicit while interrupting "Please Stand By" on the screen! Or the animated segment on "The Dealers" that depicts toilets after Shapiro has caged some marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition to the "Four Leaf Clover" shoot, there is a highly amusing music segment with Ken lip syncing his own recording of Just You, Just Me while dancing with a suit and briefcase around the city, sometimes with a cop (co-author Lane Sarasohn) meet. In short, it's a strange, funny movie that influenced others like Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie and possibly Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy the first star) and, despite some dated elements, can still be entertained today. P.S. While I heard from Curtis Mayfield's "Move Up Up" during the gorillas dance / starting sequence, I wondered what the point was about the sequence of the hitchhiker and the woman who picked him up ran them out of the car , stripped of the run, and then the naked man is caught by the police who stopped the road. Guess this is one of those 70's that touches things ...
