You know what they say about the 70s. If you can remember them, you weren't there. One of the few things I remember from the 70's was the very first hippie and hip-social satire as seen from a totally 'underground or counter-culture perspective. The Groove Tube. If the humor seems to be fading or unnecessary for some viewers, it can only be because much has happened in the past 30 years and the comedy is no longer 'fresh'. But hey! When this movie came out, it was a first. And some of these sketches were done for the first time ... At a time when Nixon was in the office, the Vietnam War raged, the sexual revolution was in full swing. . And J.Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a movie made before Watergate broke and thus it was one of the first to make a big swing at the foundation. To enjoy it and the hippies at the same time. And honestly, some sketches are still dead funny. If you like Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke", you'll love this movie lover. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the 70's really were, make the Groove Tube. The Oscar wins "Network" of about the same year and thought it was right on the point in his fierce watching TV, you would dig the Groove Tube .. which picks up on the theme but plays from the angle of the viewers. The young viewers who were the TV in favor of other entertainment. We were raised at Ozzie & Harriet, "Leave it to Beaver," Father knows best, my three sons. Happy Days ... so Think Our Joy when those of us who experiment with the new lifestyles have seen a boxing as seen from our perspective! The advertisements of the Uranus corporation alone are invaluable. "Good stuff comes from Uranus" .... and the sudden break from straight film to Fritz's cat-style animation when the hippies eat the weeds, is still one of the best wins in and out of common sense that I have ever been to film seen. <br /> <br /> If you like the Kentucky Fried Movie, you'll love this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your strange uncle Harold still gets an evil glare in his eye when he thinks back to his college days. It would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it is ... a memento of the times ... and a bad little movie that will all help us forget the 70's to remember them again.
