"Once upon a time there was a beautiful country called France. People were fortunate to have been happy. The women were easy and the men experienced their favorite pastime: war, the only recreation of kings that people could enjoy." The war in question was the Seven Year War, and when it was noted that there were more dead soldiers than soldiers, recruiters were sent to fill the ranks. <br /> <br /> And so it was that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe) tumbled a farmer's daughter in a heap of chicken, escaped marriage by registering in the Regiment d'Aquitane ... but first by his believe in the future as predicted by a gypsy, that in his Majesty's uniform he will win fame and happiness and marry the king's daughter. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but the daughter of government sergeant. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan gets away from the recruits, saber in the hand to save a car under attack, who should be inside, but the Marquise du Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. He is now convinced he will marry, despite the extremely low blossoms Adeline wears. She will in turn discover her own love for Fanfan. We are in the middle of a relentless film of Fanfan's fate, the forty adventures of a sword fight and villain. There are escapes from hangings, sword battles on tile roofs, blundering battles, romantic escapes and more joyful finishing than you can imagine. What Fanfan lacks in Polish makes him irreverence and enthusiasm. He is a quick sword fighter and a quick lover, but with such naive faith in his fate and such an optimistic nature, how can we not keep him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was an iconic stage and screen actor (which Francois Truffaut continually dropped into Cahiers du Cinema's pages). He did most of his own stunts. He was attractive, athletic, graceful and charismatic. Men admired him and women dreamed about him. He died of liver cancer at 36, seven years after Fanfan. All France mourned. Gina Lollobrigida and Adeline keep her own. It's not the blouses that make her act. She is sharp, passionate, not completely innocent and nobody is foolish. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe just sings with endless satirical action, pointy situations and good nature. Not to mention amusing, acrobatic dialogue. After Adeline took steps to keep Fanfan hanging, she met the king in his private quarters. "Give me your nice hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" the king said, "All I ask is a pleasure." "I'm a good girl," says Adeline. The king says, "You are guilty of my earnings. You love Fanfan, thank you." With my whims you can prove the greatest proof of your love, by betraying the loyalty you have sworn to him. "Now it's smart, funny stuff. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to entertain popular movies as mere entertainment (and they adapted their attacks Fanfan la Tulipe and his director, Christian-Jacques, were among their top targets, probably missed the point of Fanfan, which is a very funny satire about the futility of armies and war. movies of anxiety that can only appreciate fellow-fellows, for example, thank you, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, provoked this childish condemnation and acknowledged that a good movie is a good movie, or likes the masses or just the Cognoscenti A smart person who enjoys movies can appreciate any, if the movies are well-made, those who condemn a movie based on his popularity are as confident as those who scream that they never read Harry Potter. /> Jean / Luc Godard, eat your h art out. Viva Fanfan!
