This is the last of four swashbucklers from France that I planned during this Christmas season: the other (in order of view) was the uninspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964, from the same director as that, but not so well), the surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979, which was born as a Japanese manga!) And the beautiful CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I didn't see this Italian television late and remember that I wasn't particularly bowled about it, so I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed it these days (taking into account the staggering lack of enthusiasm for the movie here and elsewhere). when it was first announced as a forthcoming DVD edition of Criterion). <br /> <br /> By the way, FANFAN LA TULIPE is quite in common with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not just role players and crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, film Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but also plot-wise ?? In fact, the hero is a female soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo's Cartouche also had a short military game) which is loved by a fiery girl (in this case, gypsy Gina Lollobrigida), while he is busy with " an impossible love (here it is none other than the king's daughter! As in the later film, Fanfan (an ideal creature Gerard Philipe, who is ironically so full of life, man finds it hard to believe that he affected by cancer within 7 years) lovely but cowardly men (one of whom is actually his commander and heroine's own father) and opposed to an unscrupulous figure within his own ranks (the aging Roquevert, with whom the hero eventually a roof contest, as he also designs amorous on the gypsy girl!; For the record, Lollobrigida will join Philippe again in her next film, Rene Clair's beautiful romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). > <br /> FANFAN was great box-hit on his home ground and even got a surprising (but well-deserved) Best Direction award in Cannes about more famous films such as an American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity ensures that it is released again in a computerized version (presumably for the benefit of viewers who would not touch a black-and-white product with a ten-footer) and the Criterion DVD itself contains a sample this variant; Of course, a foreign language title, there is also the questionable choice of an English language soundtrack, but even if it is not particularly painful to think about, if all is said and done, there is simply no substitute for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given to the hero by a young Genevieve page as the famous Madame De Pompadour) contains about as much comedy as the anticipated action and romance; While some find this overwhelming, I disagree because I enjoyed the sharp satirical narrative and generally this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski's same drop THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). It is said that the sword fighting here is remarkably strong for a substantial light-hearted undertaking (especially a shift in the forest and the ambush at a monastery) and the film itself, sometimes mature (with numerous relationships to sexuality as well as coarse language that all over the place) when I look back with vintage Hollywood moneys as I did now; The climax is then quite ingenious: the enemy forces (made amusing to speak in fast gibberish!) Are exhausted by our heroic trio, to the amazement of the king, as portrayed by Marcel Herrand ?? known for his role as leader of the Paris Underworld in Marcel Carne's Paradise Children (1945)? is himself a leader. <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian TV channel threatens to screen Christa-Jaque's promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) for months, but despite the fact that it has already been released three times (with a preliminary fourth one for next week), not yet known. Still, I have three more films of his in my unprecedented VHS pole (also cut off from the nightly Italian TV shows): the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, also Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN 1967 ) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
