Why is a stupid, boring, filmed movie series such as 'Star Wars' all the hype, and a wonderful movie like this gets totally unnoticed. I'm beyond me ... This movie will really open your eyes to the dark, disturbing, sad and scary world we live in ... <br /> <br /> Unlike the boring "Elephant", this movie is not one of the "just a typical day to party the trigger movies. This movie focuses more on what happens after the event ... Deana, played by the very hot and talented Erika Christensen, is a happy and Healthy Straight A student with good friends and a big life ... to ... she was injured on the day of the shooting, being shot in the head, fortunately she was not killed but was seriously injured and must be in hospital for a while, causing her to be in very emotional pain, in addition to the physical ... Meanwhile, Alicia, played by the also very beautiful and talented Busy Phillips, is a nasty, cold, rebellious , anti-social goth girl who does not have a single positive trait on her ... and she is unharmed when the shit happens. because it seems she was friends with the pound and knew he was going to do what he did ... causing her to be brought to the police station and asked some questions. When she refuses to tell the police if she knows the shooting is going to happen, they come to her house constantly to convince her to say something ... and she still doesn't, so the principal makes her a funeral attend one of the dead students, and after she leaves ... the principal decides enough is enough and forces her to go to Deana in hospital. Of course she also refuses, but the principal says that if Alicia doesn't, the police will continue to try and say something to her. And so she actually looks at her ... <br /> <br /> Deana's lonely, traumatized, and physical and emotional wound is more than happy to h Ave, someone visits her, but Alicia is of course anything but happy to see her. Deana tries to give her a friendly welcome, but Alicia does not respond to anything but hard and fierce comments and a loud statement on how she is just here because she is forced and not going to be friendly to her no. But sooner or later that intention will change ... (and that's all I will say) It's really one of the most moving movies ever, as well as one of the darkest and disturbing. Actually, I think I would disturb and move it with "American History X" at the same time. <br /> <br /> WARNING: Watch this movie at your own risk !! It contains lots of graphic scenes and images! EXCELLENT and criminal undervalued movie! I feel so ashamed that I am almost the only one who knows it!
