One of the greatest westerners of all time! But this, unlike many others, is not about nature, horses, shooting, etc. Not, but deals with one gun, the Winchester '73, and how this one gun influences others and how it affects them. A rifle is not a life, breathing, man, right? You may be inclined to believe that it is not. But it seems to be a thought of its own, for two very similar reasons: it eventually comes back to its rightful owner, although in the rest of the picture it does its best to make sure of its inconsiderate owners, and never seems to be satisfied until it returns to its original owner, so by chance the unthinkable "owners" always seem to lose it somehow or try to kill and keep it until it gets James back Stewart, then it is "content". But not every owner deserves it. Stewart did, of course, since he won it. McNally doesn't, because he had to be a dirty thief and steal it. Drake definitely not, because he will probably lose it in a poker game, and besides, Drake is too lazy to fight, so why should he have a one-or-one gun if he doesn't even use it? Duryea doesn't, because he's just a rogue maniac, and we all know that rogue maniacs don't earn guns. This movie has a kind of noir edge that can only have Westerners, like the East Arch incident. Western has their own kind of noir, very different from the 30's and 40's Bogart movies. It's hand-down, the best one in all five Stewart-Mann westerns, although my personal favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four became very different from this one. I don't think it's coincidental to see the other four have color, and it's black and white. This is because of the noir edge. All five movies played the revenge and dark past on Stewart's role in the movie, to the point where it is not just Stewart's dark side, but actually a kind of character, not one listed in the credits but one you can only recognize and know that it is there is always present. This one, not only on revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of the highest danger, and characters that are very different from Stewart, surpasses the other four in all respects. But Stewart never crossed the line. However, he runs the line between light and dark. That is why black and white played such an integral part in the film. They could all be black and white, or they could all have color. But this one is in black and white, and the other four are in color, and there is a very good reason for this.
