The larger-than-life figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and traces of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, fall on director Anthony Mann's extremely entertaining first western with James Stewart. Although Stewart's attempt to avenge his father's murder is the first story, Winchester '73 is really an ensemble piece, with the unambiguous one-thousand firearms going through the hands of many colorful owners, including a cruel trader (John McIntire, especially big) and bans Dan Duryea, who is even more despicable than usual. The film of the fiction and history of the film provides a quick pace and an ambivalent show brilliantly in line with Mann's composed, composing, rigorous film-making. His themes of psychological turmoil and past dictate poorly under this long story of good and bad men chasing a fabulous gun, but they are sharply in a vignette of a man's cowardice and failed attempt at reconciliation, and become in Stewart's conversations with sidekick. Millard Mitchell. Mann's use of the environment is what sets him apart from other western filmmakers. Instead of looking from afar, he sees them in the drama as characters that direct, complicate or call on human characters. Just like mountains, caves and barriers in The Naked Spur, a rifle is found in the small rocks and rocks of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that determines the roles of the victor and victim fatalistically between two equally skilled sharpshooters. (I would not recognize the rejection of the film William H. Daniels's contribution, especially his excellent day-to-night open photography.) Not just a skilled outside man, but Mann also offers a spectacular image of Wyatt Earp patrol Dodge City, mainly through a scale, multiple aircraft station. The shooting competition does not depend on fast camera shifts or cross-sections for effect, because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the greatest density of information in a given shot. He also does not spell out the plot in dialogue, depending on the actors' eyes or a well-chosen image to convey the game. In particular, a scene to explain his attitude is: Mitchell's story of Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, which is being interrupted by the climate congress, will soon make everything public. Light without being insignificant, intense without being persuasive, Winchester '73 looks more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to see.
