A new creative team emerged in 1950 when brilliant actor James Stewart worked with the equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to create a series of westerns that help define the genre for the future. Until that time, Stewart was mainly listed for a true approach to family-oriented comedies, dramas and romance. Not that he wasn't already a talented Hollywood star. One of his best screenings ever and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was like Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandalous piece in The Philadelphia Story. He has even done Western before. His gunshot shy, but still lap Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the comedian western "Destry Rides Again" helped make that movie a classic. But for most filmmakers he was the all-American boyscout type, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely was there any dark side for any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann is associated with B flicks in the film noir. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught James Stewart's eye. So the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the biggest Hollywood westerns ever made. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the others were almost as effective. As a result, Mann became a successful director of A-movies, suggesting that some critics believe the largest of them all is Gary Cooper's "Man of the West". Stewart got rich because of the partnership because he signed for a portion of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary he was usually paid, a wise move that was followed by many other actors from then on . <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first, to tell a story badge story. Every owner is part of the story being told and it all comes together in the exciting action at the end of the movie, which also brings a surprise to the viewer. Based on a story by Stuart Lake, the story is about revenge and ownership of Winchester '73. The year is 1876. Custer and his 7th cavalry were destroyed by the Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn. The whites want revenge. Native Americans want their country and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between indigenous America led by Young Bull (young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group nailed to a canyon. These include the citizens, Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and lifelong High Spade (underrated actor Millard Mitchell), and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters ), a dirty pigeon with a kind heart. Among the horse soldiers are the newcomer Tony Curtis and James Best (late of the "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part is briefly cut off by a bullet. <br /> <br /> In 1876 Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City. The movie has him as headboard The fine actor Will Geer (later of the Waltons) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was assistant Marshal in Dodge when he just cut his teeth to be a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins the Winchester in a shooting competition, but has not taken it from him long ago, by banning Dutch Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen. McAdam and High Spade are after both the Dutch Henry and the Winchester for the rest of the movie. An even more sinister character appears under the road, Waco Johnnie Dean, played as a bad personality by Dan Duryea who threatens to steal the show from other members of a star cast. <br /> <br /> The Winchester goes through several hands throughout the film, every time the transmission is intense. One involves a gun gun played perfectly by John McIntire. Other exchange rates are mixed with the above scenario. All this plus the action keeps the viewer attached to the seat throughout the show. <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, cast is the smallest role for the first time. Look for other well-known faces in unredited parts, including the future sheriff of Rayan Baal and B-West reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
