In 1942, a movie told TALES OF MANHATTAN about a set of stories that were basically unrelated, but tied up with a pack of men's evening wear. Each story began when the "tails" of one owner were transferred (for example Charles Boyer) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a superior movie and a great western, has a similar plot twist. Initially it's about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for a deadly resentment. But in the course of the film, the two men are named in a shooting competition. The prize (by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) is one of the new Winchester guns. Stewart barely hits MacMahon, but Stewart's gun is stolen, and the attack is on. <br /> <br /> The gun goes from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who knows how to not be arrogant), Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and a one short at this), after Charles Drake, after Dan Duryea (as the wonderfully deadly and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean), to MacMahon. Eventually it returned to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide variety of experiences. Duryea literally gets the gun over Drake's dead body (Duryea forces the case). But he loses it to MacMahon, who is faster on the draw - not that Duryea is dumb enough to fight for the gun. Watching MacMahon and Shelley Winter in the distance, Winter (who killed Duryea after her former son Drake) prompted her for the armed man promptly asking why he sustained MacMahon's bullies to the gun. Philosophically, Duryea explains he can wait. Some events will come later (ie when he can safely kill MacMahon and get the gun back). <br /> <br /> The characters are remarkably human. Winters only appears as the future bride of Drake, but she sees a very big downside for him - an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this decay, and it helps lead to his destruction. Other characters became realistic, such as J. C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights an Indian attack with Steward and Steward's friend Millard Mitchell. Oh, and with Flipping's fellow soldier - Tony Curtis. Flipping makes one think that this soldier had been on a hundred battlefields since 1861. Steward showed emotions in other movies. In this is a wonderful life he sometimes has some anger, and also a near nerve collapse when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. But here he showed a demonic rage - at the expense of an astonished Duryea (who usually proves such anger). <br /> <br /> The parts of this movie fit very neatly, under Mann's capable hands. It's a western that never breaks out, as the audience watches the voyages of a Winchester gun.
