Buffaloes from the western westerners who flourished in the 1950s are trying their way to the movie that kicks off the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to the Red River of Howard Hawks (1948) or further to John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to keep this a few decades, it should be one of a few films. made in that era's initial year. One is 'The Gunfighter', an extremely grim story of a famous gunslinger (Ringo) facing his last shooting. Another year of the same year is Winchester '73, and it is noteworthy that Millard Mitchell appears in both fierce, afflicted, highly realistic serials. In The Gunfighter, he is the village official who expected to arrest Ringo, but once drove him into an illegal gang. In Winchester he is the sidekick for Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Horatio after Stewart's Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The plot is simple enough: Stewart's lonely cowpoke wins a remarkable Winchester in a shooting match. He beat the male in the west (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and caused the death of their father. When the brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell go to him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the border, meeting with both the exorbitant and the Indians. (In one amazing piece, the two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - an Indian chief and an American cavalry soldier - play during a well-educated battle. Then Duryea steals the entire show as a giggling illegal leader while Shelly Winters, just before she started weighting, is as good as the shady lady who joins all the plots, and today filmmakers will spend about four hours displaying such an ambitious idea, but Anthony Mann does it in a Extremely economical so much time, without a minute, wasted. Such Western legends as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (terribly played by Will Geer) make short appearances, adding to the historicity as well as the epic nature, the last battle between good and bad brothers, it is also noteworthy that Stewart, how much he related to Western films, is doing what his first Western leading role is - yes, he was in De Stry Rides Again eleven years earlier, but in that comedy sp. oof thrown because he was so cruel to westerners!
