"Addictive" is a adjective I have heard many times when I speak of some TV shows. Most recently, dramas such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break earned that description. But as compelling as they may be (and it's really), I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of any series, even the Prison Break, which some have classified as the "new 24". With all due respect, there can be no such thing, and for good reason, no other silver-screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. That's what 24 except for any other show. That's why I have to watch about seven days or less about an entire season (on DVD): as soon as the clock starts tapping, it's impossible to vote. <br /> An episode whose events unfolded over a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and more recently Deadwood); A whole season of a new series of last 24 hours, one per ep (the actual running time is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 being owned by advertisements when the show is broadcast on telly), was the most groundbreaking idea in mainstream television since Hill Street Blues has non-linear storytelling (a compulsory element presented today). And it really paid off. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the original plan for the series was to turn it around a wedding. (Fortunately, creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized the format was more suitable for a conspiracy player). This is probably why the first glimpse of the hero suggests a happy atmosphere. He looked extremely relaxed. Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoys a chess game with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and a few minutes later with Teri (Leslie Hoop), the woman he just reconciled with. Just like in Sopranos, something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner: not only did Kim come out of her room, Jack also gets a call to get him started right away. At midnight? I'm so scared: Bauer is an agent of the CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) and his boss has gained reliable intel on a possible hit on David Palmer's life (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American presidential candidate in Los Angeles. Angeles will be. Angeles for the whole day (oh right, I almost forgot: events happen on the day of the Presidential Primary Presidency in California). No time to sleep, then: Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working. Unfortunately, he tends to ignore protocol, and George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a clever man from the division who is asked to interfere with the operation, is not doing well. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense, which makes the show difficult for those with a short attention span, but anyone who is willing to watch will be rewarded immediately: the writing is sharp and precise, attention detail is unsurpassed, and the tension is continuously high, mainly due to the real-time trickery that significantly increases the adrenaline level. <br /> <br /> Another good quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genre programs (sci-fi and thriller) tend to key players and define them later (a textbook example is CSI, where character development minimal, but again in line with the display's unique style), while the series-debut of 24 offers a rich variety of full-featured people, including Jack (Sutherland's best role - ever!) and Palmer (the actual revelation of the show) stands out to be perfectly described after only one episode (the former split between work and family, recklessly but humanly, the latter honored and with great integrity). Some supportive parts border on stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida in particular), but two factors should be taken into account: a) it is the first episode; b) There's so much going on, most viewers won't even complain about an "error" or two. After all, how many networking programs start with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a huge explosion - and still just as satisfactory material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
