Of the comments before me, I mostly agree with Edyarb's. The story and the writing apparently have the potential to be funny, but although managed on some points, it failed elsewhere. You can see they want to make a joke, but nobody in the audience laughed. (Also agree with Edyarb's view on the end credits: leave it normal or cool it, but not what they did now.) <br /> <br /> OK, it gives a more negative feeling than I actually had a look at the movie. I enjoyed it; It was fun for a night and definitely didn't have a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are the one that goes a little out of expectation and is pretty mature, like Luke Wilson's character Matt, who is the super chick "P * Nis or bed?" Ask. when she told him she would get a new one 'after a wild night in bed, eventually breaking up the bed and hurting Matt. <br /> <br /> However, I can't agree with bgs1614, which says the movie can earn an R-score - there was absolutely nothing in the movie to justify it. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, just humorous, and no nudity whatsoever. (Maybe he was on a preview that showed more ...?) I'd like to compare it to two recent movies I never see: Superman Returns and Click. I didn't really expect anything - I was a huge fan of the original Superman movies and the trailer for Click only made it a potentially chauvinistic (I wouldn't resist) movie. Superman surprised me by the fact that I feel good (goosebumps!) To see his first lucky act, such as seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy. But for the rest of the story I would rather see my Super Ex girlfriend, it offers at least a few surprises. Click again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from a very good movie. The jokes also work much better than in Ex-girl, both the naughty and the more advanced. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the only reason I compared these three movies is that they are the last three I have "I saw in a very short period of time and also because after all These things went, with basically no expectations. I'll arrange them Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
