On paper it looks like a good concept: An average guy on the rebound dates back a sturdy booklet museum curator. He is really a hot superhero that saves the world on a regular basis. Director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (of the Simpson's), who are almost mortally abused to play their hero G-Girl (played by Uma Thurman), comes off as a total note work as both Superhero and secret identity person Jenny Johnson. The film even makes it a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) following his salvation by G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny wonderfully asks Matt how it was G-Girl. Matt replied, "She's so nasty?" I think the intention was that Jenny (Thurman) is this lonely young woman who has no one in her life, isolated by her great physical powers. Thurman does the best she can, but her Jenny is a terrifying mood that is heavily influenced by Prozac's need. Luke Wilson is far too heavy in the role of a friend and superhero girlfriend reversal. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing, coming on the tail end of Superman Returns. playing Superhero straight, so to speak. With all his jokes and inconsistent writing, I still thought "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was funny and enjoyed the movie. Being an Ivan Reitman movie, it could have been much better. Reitman starts with a good assumption, and really refreshes it. First, we all love the hero. Neither Jenny nor G-Girl are really nice here. It's amazing to Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. In the beginning her Jenny / G-Girl is just strange. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a Superhero, is she Thurman? She looks good. Only at the end does her Jenny become more sympathetic, rather than caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a straightforward Superhero story, rather a romantic comedy of its kind, it does not offer what every Superhero mythology requires, a great super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is really angry. He's not Lex Luthor. No global domination plans. Bedlam, rather, keeps Barry a grudge against G-Girl, and expects it with their shared past. What is bizarre, you don't know who you'd rather spend with Bedlam or G-Girl? Luke Wilson's Matt is just a few men related to the psycho-superhero. One of the annoying things he does is trust him in his repulsive lover, Vaughn (Rainn Wilson, who does a bad, impeccable impersonation). Wilson sometimes plays a bit too thin, and it dilutes his beloved charm. However, it works in the comic sex scene with Jenny. Matt while meeting Jenny / G-Girl, realizes he is in love with his co-worker Hannah (Anna Faris). So how do Matt break up with G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and mostly hilarious. <br /> <br /> Dramatic Superhero movies work. Romantic comedy works with chemistry. What can be inherently difficult is Superhero satires disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. But, hero-note work? Maybe not. With all the skills of Uma Thurman she cannot reach it convincingly. And she doesn't get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failures. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Although everyone was involved, the movie could have been super.
