It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you start at the beginning or end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter his new movie Seven Pound, no matter how you choose, as he starts at the end and backs his way back to the beginning, and shows us the course of events that led us to the heartbreaking 911 -oproep. This is a powerful movie; Perhaps it is because I am gentle when it comes to dramas of this clumsy, dripping with momentous moments and beating full of devastating acts, but somehow a movie works best if it really touches me when it is in the back of my main days I left the theater. And it is from the team that we bring the over-estimating, juicy, and not all the redemptive pursuit of happiness, so I'll just say my expectation is now guarded for a big deviation. With all this, however, I was rolled to the credits with the seven pounds of the opening frame. Although you find out what Will Smith's character is doing, he tries the secret mission, and that's the way he fulfills his penance that gently shines and finally smiles a tear-fill. <Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit scratchy and we don't understand what is going on. Smith's Thomas has lists of names, one of those we don't know and one of the people it looks like is what he is trying to follow and audit. By working with the IRS, he can gain access to these aliens for a look at their lives to see if they are earning a gift, he has the power to give them a gift that can completely change their circumstances. He calls an old childhood (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised not to guess his decision, because there is no change in his mind. Even in a role as small as Pepper's, you can't help but feel the total sadness in the background, hang over everyone's head. This is his character, perhaps seen three times, which really involves the primary level of emotion. His breakdowns, whether tearing and confronting, or convulsive headlines, show the band that these two men have is one that is the test of time and any circumstances to come. <br /> <br /> After that phone call, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas is on a mission to help alleviate the monetary problems of mortal sick people and try to stay alive despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This progress takes a lot of turns, from a "blind, vegan meat vendor" whom he claims to see if he can explode; after a phase two donor necessity heart patient, unable to push her line of stationary, or even run with her Great Dane Duke; to an abused and scared Latino mother of two, too scared to leave her boyfriend; to a dying hockey coach who establishes faith in an afflicted youth community; to a small boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with the pain and inevitable future with a mindset of hope and wanting to cherish every day and there are those who try to defeat it by cutting corners and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it to go out. a style. Why is it Thomas's job to escape the mix and first find those who deserve his "gift", and therefore this man now lives in flashlights as an aviation engineer with a beautiful woman and large beach house. In a motel, drive a relaxed car, go through to door to audit the IRS. As he says, he is a kind of stumble in work. <br /> <br /> Smith's quest as Thomas is a long and painful one, tempered with moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a man with the help of helping, he takes his work seriously, crosses people who don't deserve and test those who he thinks are worthy of the ninth grade. If it means shouting and making fun, he must do it. At each step, however, you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain that is taken away in his soul, every step to his destiny, one as a savior, not only to those he wants to help, but also to himself. It's an award-winning show and I just wish Smith would do more drama like this instead of his summer tent poles, because they're fun, this guy is too good for them. The man wins an Oscar better before he finishes or it will be a travesty. At least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is star on the board. Woody Harrelson as the blind seller is a perfect disability with a joy of life. His shameful smile and belief in humanity is completely over, whether shouted on the phone, sitting in a dinner eating his cake or playing on the piano in the park, for anyone listening. Elpidia Carrillo, as the abused mother, is fantastic, showing the harsh evolution of pride to be afraid of being overwhelmed by the friendliness of a stranger, so that her family can finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines as the "once warm" young woman, beaten and broken by long hospital stays, all but living life to find love and happiness. This is the launch of Smith's Thomas who re-opens her eyes to be a woman, a generous sexual being, who can only live without wondering what day her last will be.
