Seven Pounds, this was the movie where I was just convinced that Will Smith really went for the "I'm going to make you cry" movies. One thing I can give him a lot of credit can cry to the man. My only thing, as the story moves, Will Smith will prove once and for all that he can act, so why does he take this extremely depressing story? Still, it's still a good movie. I must admit that it made me cry, but I felt that the striking display was Rosario Dawson. I absolutely love this girl. Since I saw her with Ed Norton in the 25th hour, I knew this girl was going far. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, can't wait to see how much further her career goes. But her and Will Smith, not so sure if they had the great chemistry needed for the movie, would have made it into a good movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident caused by using his cellphone; Seven people died: six strangers and his fiancee. A year after the accident, and after closing his job as an aviation engineer, Tim donated a longlap to his brother, Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later he donated part of his liver to a child laborer named Holly. Then he starts looking for more candidates to receive donations. He finds George, a junior hockey coach, and donates a kidney and then donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before he dies, he joins Holly and asks if she knows someone who needs help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive boyfriend. Tim moves out of his home and into a local motel that takes his pet boxing jellyfish with him. One night, after being beaten, contact Connie Tim and give her the keys and deed to his beach house. She took her two children and moved to their new home. After stealing his brother's credentials and making him known by his brother's name Ben, he went out for candidates for his two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat vendor who plays the piano. Tim calls on Ezra Turner and makes him work to see if he is quickly angry. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy. He then links with Emily Posa, a stand-alone greeting card printer who has a heart condition and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, eating her garden and fixing her scarce Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decide that if his condition worsens, he must make his donation. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds is a good movie and definitely worth a look, I'll just recommend going for the rental at the theater. Will Smith does a good performance, but not his best, but most of the film requires him to cry in every scene, but the last one with him is a dead one. But I loved the end, it was beautiful and really appreciated life and didn't take it for granted. There are still good people in this world and Ben's character reminds you to appreciate life and give to those in desperate need. Though he went a bit far, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
