I would highly recommend this movie for any musical fan who dies to see a musical, make a faithful transition from stage to screen. Sure it's been long, but it's a testimony to how true the movie is with the original musical. The sets and throws really make Sweet Apple, Ohio the place to be. Fosse protege Anne Reinking also does a beautiful work with choreography that gives the dances a beautiful little town. Tydsuitkyk. <br /> <br /> The casting at a glance may seem extraordinary to some, but they are really great (read "anonymous" comments on Jason Alexander's performance made me sick). In fact, his predecessor literally steals the show. Like Albert, he mixes his own unique combination of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dyke-esque charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing like no one's business does not hurt either. George Wendt is another outlook, improving on Paul Lynde's recording on Harry McAffe by making him less manic and more on Earth and strict. His whole character and body language shouted "over my dead body". Marc Kudisch takes the Elvis aspect of Conrad Birdie to new heights with his subtle insertion of a "big thank you" into "Honestly Sincere". However, his physics is back to young Elvis, then the bloated, blunt Conrad of the original film. The fact is that this movie is so different from the original movie (added in happy faces, tortoises on speed and Russian ballet!) What has something to do with Bye, Bye Birdie, I wonder? The only possible benefit the original version has on this one is Ann Margret. Otherwise, the update is better in every way possible. Where the old version cut many songs and increased dance breaks, there was no need for them (and for all purposes the movie ended in the middle of the play), the new version has restored the original music display and has some big new things too (a huge step "is the stand-out in that category.) We know that we are living in difficult times, but if you want to overcome your problems and make a happy face, it is worth it check out.
