This film is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and since I make it remarkable to be at all the big movie festivals, I have seen a lot, especially from what the industry sees best. I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting tends to be exaggerated and uninteresting to me, his only decent performance being in Lost, so I usually try his movies. However, I have seen it back at a film festival for a few years and was completely rude. This director really knows what she is doing. Of course you will get the trolleys (or just ignorant people) who do not understand what constitutes a good movie and work on low budget because they have no idea what went on. But fortunately, from what I saw, they are in the minority when it comes to this jewel. <br /> <br /> Let's not deny that the movie works without any budget, and that some supporting actors can still use work because it's definitely true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect for a first real movie from someone who is still in high school? For a moment, imagine the budget doesn't matter. If you take a little of the acting, the sound quality (which wasn't really the movie maker's fault, I saw it at a festival and the sound was good ... I guarantee the one who made the DVD itself has). and the fact that it was shot on mini-DV, after which you left? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which is undoubtedly flawless. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. This is very clear. She can write substance-heavy, enchanting scripts better than most people in Hollywood. Create a shooting list that complements the story completely and brings it to life in a fascinating, creative way. If this higher budget might have won awards. Give it more experienced actors, better healthy after-production, and 35mm instead of mini-DV and even the trolleys couldn't complain. This girl is incredible, and keeping in mind that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done a wonderful job ever since. The Angel's Dome trailer shows that, and I can't wait to see the higher budget items she did. 9/10 stars, this is one hell of a movie of one hell of a movie maker.
