Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is an assassin for the CIA. He is ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan, a nation that liberated the United States, and to kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate, Tamerlane, who will "bring the country back", will not stand for Shariff, an oilman of a neighboring state, and lay his own pipeline through the war-struck Turquistan. But once there, Fire is in trouble. One meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei) who wants to tell the American public the "real" story of the region's conflict ... and of Tamerlane. But Brand is alarmed to realize that Natalie's pretty face and sharp mind instantly forces him to lose focus on his mission. Also, his cover as a trade show host, forces him to meet the country's pop singing Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry at the congress center. She is a young diva whose marriage arrangements also ignite Brand's coming murder. With other unknown mutual and complications, will Brand be able to fulfill his mission to the satisfaction of Tamerlane's BIG boss, former vice-president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this movie, though it doesn't stay completely together. Shot in Serbia, it's a worthy look at what the current Iraq must be, a country turned upside down. In a stroke of brilliance, the green zone here is called the "Emerald City" and so fitting, because this Oz-like environment seeks to keep the war wars going on elsewhere in the metropolis. The role-play is very good, with Cusack working well and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others supporting him in style. Duff, in particular, makes a big turn as the heavily-accentuated, heavily-crafted, potty-singer. The recreation of war-led Baghdad is so bad that it is hurt while the costumes and other production values ​​are at its very highest. Regarding the writing, it's not always coherent, but it certainly has a tremendous dialogue and scene. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers Brand an enemy display, in exchange for money and sweets. Brand produces the cash, but because he doesn't have candy, the boy burns his vehicle anyway. Brilliant! Then, too, the direction is not a complete success, but does not laugh very often. No, if you have conservative handrails, you probably won't like any of these movies. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terror", it's a pretty good performance. So try and watch it, as you will support the filmmakers who choose to make movies far away from the old studio formulas.
