On this 4th of July weekend it is warm to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founding members gave the back of their collective hand to King George III, this film shows in a hilarious manner the cricket victory by the current harvest of capitalist cripples aimed at privatizing the government innocently, for the war itself. to privatize. <br /> <br /> The movie in this satire shines absolutely. John Cusack is wonderful as a drop, confronted by corporate robber, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is wonderful as his love interest. (My gosh, "George Costanza" was right. Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John's sister Joan Cusack who really steals the movie. Her portrayal of an evil, but at the same time sycophantic, personal assistant is invaluable, and more than once I just can't stop laughing at the glory of her performance. Not only does she have a fantastic comic timing, her face is as expressive as one could ever wish for in an actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short, but very effective, cameo in the film as the head of the company that runs the war, the Tamerlane Corporation. Ackroyd sits on a throne with his pants around his ankles, resembling the donkey gorge that currently holds one of our true thrones. You don't have to think too hard to recognize that person. Many of these movies have been filmed in Bulgaria, and so we can see so much real military equipment. (You just know that the US military would never have worked to make this satirical exposure to war benefit.) I especially enjoyed Omar Sharif's character as played by Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In one scene in which he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has a few lines that can sum up and install our entire foreign policy stance towards the foreign leaders. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie won't appeal to everyone. If you believe the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the army, intelligence gathering and analysis, prisons and the correction system, public health and a host of other government services is a good thing you won't find much to keep in mind . this movie. However, if you believe that people and countries are being destroyed to add to the corporate bottom line, this is an abomination I think you would greatly appreciate in this movie. Nothing can be more in keeping with the Spirit of Independence which generates a well-deserved mockery of corrupt powers that it is.
