The plot of this movie cannot be extraordinary, but what makes the movie very special is its characters (and the actors they play of course!). I will not go into the details of the plot of the movie, but I would like to say it? This movie is not just for everyone! The movie is really scary and you have to be equally smart to get all the satire. If you are not vigilant for a moment, you will probably lack one of the subtle points. The movie is full of such seemingly trivial, but witty things like the announcements in the background in Turaqistan, the advertisements on the tankers (which I almost missed) and this is what makes the movie hilarious. <br /> <br> For actors, John Cusack played his multicolored role very effectively (with which he is also co-author and producer) and he plays his character? Hauser, the killer with a heart? beautiful. Cusack did a similar kind of role in Grosse Pointe White, but his comic strip in the movie is simple. <br /> <br /> But the actress who steals all the show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of me. Duff. But frankly I was a little disappointed when I heard about the kind of role she played in the movie. But after watching the movie, the disappointment gave her great respect as an actor. Let's see it! The child grows, but yes, so is her talent! All the critics who shouted that Hilary could not act would be silent for a while. Hilary had to play a very complex character? Hard on the outside, but a lovely child on the inside? and she had done justice to it. She makes you laugh, and she cries you? To cut the long story short (because I can rave about her forever). She's BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack also did a good job. Especially, Joan's hysterical is unshakable! However, I was rather disappointed that Ben Kingsley was wasted in such a small role and his performance seems slim. <br /> <br /> Generally, War, Inc. with your intelligent humor on your toes and ending with just the right amount of twists in the plot. I would recommend this movie to everyone (and more to Hilary Duff fans) !!! P.S. - I'm really glad to hear the movie go free from its limited release and soon release it elsewhere!
