Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of unforgettable relationships - is about just as the title suggests: The corporate effect on the war. <br /> <br /> The movie is about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turaqistan. country, fyi) to help the US government convey their message to Turaqistan's leaders. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to a lonely man + a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix a pop star called Yonica Babyyeah is thrown in. If Yonica marries one of Turaquistan's most important people (a son of the president), a sub-plot is created where the mercenary has to look at this star, anything. The movie starts with a lonely Cusack in a bar; No more than fifteen seconds later, the movie hooks you. With his amusing and intriguing insight into terrorism and politics, the time of the film blows through you. The movie has much more action than I expected, with the occasional play, well-choreographed battles and just sporadic scenes of murder. Although the story is not very deep, its simplicity makes the movie perfect for both the regular and film critics. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the movie, the simplicity of everything becomes very hostile and mumbled. I thought it was done very well, but others may not agree, and I could understand why. Twist to turn is what the end is, and like most movies it is a real hit / miss situation. Regardless, the three authors on the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack) have done a fantastic job creating a realistic and entertaining satire on the current situation overseas. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does an excellent job ensuring the film integrity; not reducing the material to most excess films (which I feared would happen). Seftel made the film as fine as he could: he created a vibrant atmosphere, one that explores both the harsh reality and the cartoonish fakes; - Perfectly contrast them - as well as making the movie feel like you are seeing it all. Seftel really gets you involved in all the action and it pays off completely. No bugs here. Hopefully he accepts more legal services, as he is one director to look out for.
