Deanna Durbin, Nan Gray and Barbara Read are "Three Smart Girls" in this Universal 1936 movie, which Deanna Durbin introduces to film audiences. It's also star Ray Milland, Mischa Auer, Charles Winninger, John King, Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady. It's a lovely story about three young women who now live in Switzerland with their divorced mother, who hears that their father (Winninger) is getting married again. If he didn't see him for 10 years and knew their mother still loved him, they sent a ship to America, with the help of the housekeeper / nanny, determined to stop the wedding. Recognizing that the intended, "Precious" (Barnes) is called, is nothing but a golden poet supported by her (Brady), and they arrange to be introduced to a rich Earl. This is arranged by their father's accountant (King). The man he chooses is a full-time drunk (Auer), but the girls are making a mistake for a real wealthy count (Milland). What a mess. <br /> <br /> It's a beautiful movie, not cloying or pure, with some good performances, especially by Auer, Milland, Barnes and Brady. The young women are beautiful and everyone does good work. Of course, the emphasis is on young Durbin, who is a natural actress and a well-trained singer. In fact, her voice as a youngster is much more than it would be as an adult. She has no problems with the high notes, as she did later because she placed too much weight in the middle voice. She sings a beautiful Il Bacio at a police station. <br /> <br /> One of the most beautiful things about the movie is seeing the father, played by Charles Winninger, not wanting his kids - until he sees and knows them. Barnes as the gold digger is not that young, but the girl's mother looks so high there, so the distraction was probably the older man looking for his youth with a younger, more glamorous woman. In fact, he finds the youth he was looking for in his daughters. <br /> <br /> Universal gives Durbin the big star up here - she has the last shot in the movie. Ray Milland is still paying his roads at this stage, and this is likely to be a surprise, even though he is good and attractive. Very entertaining and, of course, this led to a sequel and big stars for Deanna.
