Deanna Durbin, then 14, and just under contract with MGM, made a brief function in 1936 that paired her with Judy Garland, a year younger, in their first movie for them. Louis B. Mayer then decided he didn't need two competing young singers, placed his race on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, chased her into Three Smart Girls, and transformed the script to pump her part. She was last billed, but with the typographical equivalent of neon lights to her name. Universal was convinced Durbin would be a smash, and they were right. Three Smart Girls are less musical and more a screw ball comedy, and Durbin, 15 when the film was released, wears it with aplomb. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to save their father, who divorced their mother, from the heads of an elegant gold digger with a fiery mother. They talk their way from Switzerland, where they live, to New York City, where their father lives. They plan not only to break up their father's wedding, but to reunite their father with their mother, who still love the man after ten years. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in her hot, soprano? Nope. Is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan love and marriages along the way? No, again. Years later, Durbin was quoted as saying she couldn't play Miss Missit forever. She was right, of course, but in Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has a little Miss Fixit down. Durbin is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and of course. Her personality is so sincere that it makes this comedy - a mixture of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful deception - straightforward. <br /> <br /> Durbin comfortably carries the movie. It is a great pleasure to watch her hold her own like Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, the woman with her hooks in Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who also wasn't at steel styles. Alice Brady, who played the dithering matron in My Man Godfrey, plays Donna Lyons's mother, who is even more of a gold digger than her daughter. The last of the advanced farceurs is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who is confused by Mischa Auer through a complicated and amusing mix-up. <br /> <br /> Three smart girls like a lightweight and amusing way of playing and mix-ups. So Deanna does Durbin as a brand new star, saving with her great success Universal's bacon.
