I am surprised by the comments made by posters stating that Jane Powell made the same kind of films, Deanna Durbin. Although they were both youngsters, whose film images were produced by Joe Pasternak, if this film were any indication, they were almost polar opposers. <br /> <br /> While Durbin in a THREE SMART GIRLS an impulsive "Little Miss Fixit," who, after some setbacks, managed to reunite her divorced parents, in the semi-remake, THREE DARING DAUGHTERS, Jane Powell destroys the marriage between her screen mother Jeanette MacDonald and the new stepfather Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept him and strong arms reject her younger brothers and sisters. Of the Durbin and Powell movies I saw, I would say these diverse features penetrate the early films of both of these talented young artists. <br /> <br /> As far as Durbin's performance is in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it totally winning, and most impressive. Although it is evident from her occasional shrill and over-emphasized line readings in some of the more energetic scenes that it is an early movie for Deanna, look at the confident, knowledgeable and, of course, lively way in which she delivers and generally performs her lines. and the muffled and gentle way she projects the more serious plays, you will never guess it was the FIRST movie of a 14-year-old girl, the previous professional experience almost exclusively consisting of two years of vocal instruction . <br /> <br /> Since this movie, and Durbin himself was currently well-known as "Universal's last chance," the production had to be an impossible stressful situation for a filmmaker of any age, but you " never know the convenience and assurance that Durbin is on display. Although she clearly developed her play and behavior before the camera (it was equally true of the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin developed an extraordinary presence and warmth on the camera. is absolutely unique to her, and even in her first film she retains the ability to stay incredibly nice despite the often rapid impulsivity of her character and although she is sometimes shrill, she never works for a second the mad and bow qualities no. It hit many child stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed in the wake of her success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all great singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while Durbin's pure Lyrian soprano is a particularly remarkable and glorious instrument, it is most remarkable thing about me, how she can project her songs, without the slightest ordeal or "grandnes" that oppresses the singing of adult opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in films of the period <br /> <br /> The film is also beautiful, heavily influenced by a screw ball comedy. It backs Durbin with a creme-de-la-cream of first-class screw ball benefits such as Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and entertaining. True, it's hardly "realistic", but why would anyone expect it? If You Want To: "Realistically" RENT THE GRAPES OF WRATH OR TRIUMPH OF THE WILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a real, sweet, funny and entertaining family comedy with a wonderful, charismatic and gifted adolescent lead and tremendous supportive players, this movie won't let you down.
