"Twelve Monkeys" is strange and disturbing, but at the same time is so clever and intelligent. It jumps cleverly between the future and the past and the story tells it about a man named James Cole, a convicted person, who has been sent back in the past to gather information on a man-made virus that eradicated 5 billion of the human population has. On the planet back in 1996, Cole was accidentally sent back to 1990 and unfortunately was taken to a spiritual institution where he tried to explain his purpose and where he met a psychiatrist, dr. Kathryn Railly trying to help He and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the mad scientist's son. Be challenging and somehow so sensible, dealing with and between reason and insanity, the movie is a definite masterpiece in the history of science fiction movies. <br /> <br /> The story is just fantastic. It's so original and so entertaining. The script itself written by David and Janet Peoples was inspired by a film called "La Jetée" (1962) I didn't see, but I must thank the director and author of the movie, Chris Marker, for that give inspiration to the authors of "Twelve Monkeys". I read a bit about "La Jetée", it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspiration for a modernized story that tells of this urgent need for people to find a solution to maintaining human existence and doing so in a beautiful and realistic way. It is a guaranteed rush hour from start to finish. The music used in the film is strange and somehow so funny and amusing, it doesn't really fit until you really get it and when you realize it's so compelling, compiled by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, who remembers us from Monty Python, as the director of the movie was a real surprise to me because I never thought of him as a director of a person. I know he had previously directed films, but I really couldn't believe he could do anything that was wonderful. However, this should not be a surprise, as he does a wonderful job. You can still feel the same strangeness as in the Python's, but for me the direction is very flawless, but in the strange way of describing things, it also makes some screens strange. Yes, it is indeed strange, strange, bizarre and disturbing, so it also makes the movie a bit heavy, so the weak viewers are likely to find it difficult to see the film throughout. It's not as hard as you can imagine, but it only has certain things that are sometimes difficult to see in their own purpose. In spite of this, the movie holds this pure intelligence in it and, through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, blends the whole story in a very clever way and doesn't even make the plot messy in any part, though it does need concentration of the viewer. <br /> <br /> What comes to acting, well, the movie doesn't even go wrong there. The role of James Cole is played by the mighty Bruce Willis, who probably still has his best performance to date. Now people can't agree with me because he also did good work in, for example, "The Sixth Sense," but for me James Cole's role was so ideal for Willis and he performed very well. The character is also very well written, but even better performed. Cole began to question his own existence and he dealt with himself and began to question his real life, trying to survive and finding the important missing piece of the puzzle. With suffering, he begins to lose his faith, question whether he can trust or even believe himself. Other worthwhile performances are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, James Cole's psychiatrist, who sees something strange known in Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. She begins to believe Cole's story, but as a science believer she tries to find solutions through it and tries to deal with reasons when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and he also does one of his best performances to date. The insane, but hilarious character of the character even brought Pitt an Oscar nomination for that, so I don't think I'm the honest fantastic achievement for nothing. <br /> <br /> All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience and it will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for the sci-fi fans. It includes brilliant characters and outstanding roles, especially from Willis and Pitt, and an original and entertaining story that forms a plot that is so intelligent and clever. Yet what is already mentioned is strange and disturbing, it catches the attention of the viewer by making it interesting and spiritual. It's also an explosive thriller and it also has novels in it, so it's all in the same package and it makes it one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen. By Terry Gilliam's strange but spectacular vision, it is right to stay balanced despite the somewhat bumpy and yet steady ride. Hard to explain really, but that's how it is, it's mind.
