The story of this movie is truly remarkable. A virus was cut loose and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we now know is that animals rule above and there are posters everywhere saying, "The Twelve Monks did it." That's right, the human race had to hide underground from the disease that killed more than 500 billion people. Apparently, animals do not suffer from this disease. Day by day, the current scientist tries to discover what type of disease it has caused; how it was created; if nature did it or just created it. All they know is that there are a lot of animals running around them around them. Death began in 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster says.) Such a current offender named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a volunteer to get the examples above. After doing his "voluntary work", he was asked to return in time to 1996 to find out what happened to the world. Cole accepts and begins the story of the Twelve Monks. <br /> <br /> The time machine gets the dates several times, from 1990 to time, during the 1950s. (In the midst of a war.) Over time, James is moving in the head and turning the story up. The whole story was done very well and I would give it a higher grade if it wasn't for the end. I personally did not like the end of the movie and I was very disappointed. I just expected to make a more explanatory end to what happened, but not everyone thinks so. So I gave it an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as I did, I give it a 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For the whole play of the movie I give it an A + . Bruce Willis is great for this role and he does well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His acting is so good, he gets so good in character. I never really care for Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and Fight Club. There are characters or similar in this movie, he's just a little more ... insane in this movie. So overall I think this movie is totally worth checking out. For most people, it's a great science fiction movie, I just don't think it's a masterpiece.
