Normally I try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as possible, because it's just not a genre that really makes me attractive. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... most of the time it's nothing for me. However, there is one movie in the genre that I will always give a place in my list of top films and this is the "Twelve Monkeys". I remember being blown away completely for the first time, but even now, having had it seen several times, I'm still one of his biggest supporters. Every time I see it, this movie looks better and better. <br /> <br /> Someone in the distant future lives all people underground because an unknown and deadly virus wiped out five billion people in 1996 and left just 1 percent. of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner living in a small loft and who is chosen as a "volunteer" to return in time to gather information on the origin of the epidemic. They believe it is spread by a mysterious group called 'The Twelve Monkeys' and needs the virus before it is mutated, so scientists can study it. But their time travel machine does not work perfectly and he is accidentally sent to 1990 where he meets with dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the mad scientist's son and virus expert. <Br /> <br /> What I like so much about this movie is the fact that it is never clear whether everything you see is real or not. Is it just an illusion, created in the mind of a mentally ill man or is it really? Does he really come from the future and can he really travel through time? Was the population really wiped out by a virus released by The Twelve Monkeys Army? These are all the questions that will marvel you from the beginning to the end. If the makers of this movie chose to make it more clear, I'm sure I would never want it as much as I did now. It's just the mystery that interests me time and again. But that's not the only good thing about this movie of course. The acting is also wonderful. Normally I'm not too much a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was just amazing. Along with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he had to win several awards, because with the incredible story they made this movie work so incredibly good. <br /> <br /> Even after several views, I'm still a big fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I only saw one other Terry Gilliam movie and it is "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" that wasn't bad, but didn't convince me either. However, this movie really makes me look forward to his other work. I give it a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5 / 10.
