Terry Gilliam and David Peoples' teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the 90's. People have proven a script with bizarre twists and great ideas about the nature of the time ?? I especially love the idea that one cannot change the past; It's a nice counterpoint for so many time series movies that say differently? biological holocausts and the thin line between common sense and madness. Gilliam visualizes his ideas with unique qualities, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is tempting: one man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heart-warming performance), travels a few decades after gaining information about a virus that has wiped out man and just a few survivors living underground: with the information he will gather, scientists hope to find a cure so that everyone can return to the surface in the future. But because their timing technology is not perfect, he eventually ends up in other disturbances and complicates things. And from there comes a brilliant science fiction thriller with shades of film noir as well as the multiple pieces of a great jigsaw that begins together to form a bizarre story that includes animal legal activists, the end of the millennium paranoia, biological weapons, perception of reality and the definition of common sense. With such a complex movie, it was easy for Gilliam and Peoples to create a mess, but Twelve Monkeys is an exciting story that will delight and please those who are challenged to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie once about 10 years ago. It made me very remarkable: I still remember many days after the weeks; For my young minds it was very sensible and it was one of the first movies to be appreciated as a serious and important movie. I watched this movie again on DVD a few days ago and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt still steals all the screens in which he is in, Jeffrey Goines plays? almost a predict for his Tyler Durden character in Fight Club ?? a rich child with some anarchic / non-conforming ideas that are also crazy and according to Cole may be responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the madhouse are the best in the movie, Pitt's eyes, voice and beautiful ways convince you he is really a crazy man who is locked up in a twisted logic, just what he understands. Pitt's Oscar nomination was well deserved! Also surprising was Bruce Willis's performance: she didn't remember me very well, but it was beautiful and full of sensitivity; he plays a man who has spent almost all his life underground, and when he comes to the past, you will share his childish fascination with something as simple as the fresh air of the morning or as if the sun is rising. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, people have tried to enter some darkness into him, and he does other disturbing things to others and himself: the scene where he removes his own teeth shows how far his dementia is unmarked . Ironically, Cole didn't start as a crazy character, but when he started warning everyone about the end of the world, he was considered angry and convinced it was all in mind until he came to a point when he cannot distinguish the past, the reality of fiction. Willis spent a lot of time confused and uncertain, and it worked perfectly. One of the jokes in the story is when Cole shrinks, dr. Kathryn Railly, finding indisputable evidence that he really is from the future and now has to convince him of his mission to save the world. The script is full of strange twists like this and it keeps the movie in a fast pace. Their relationship is also good-handed, but at the same time it may be a bit nailed together. But I liked watching Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape the authority of the future to experience a peaceful life in the past. But then things end in a tragic / bittersweet climax at an airport. All the pieces are thrown together, blowing away many thoughts. <br /> <br /> There are two big ends in this movie, a twist in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate end where Railly hangs next to Cole, who is just shot and looking for a younger James Cole whose future itself dies; the two share a short look, and she smiles at him. The twist is brilliant, but I prefer it for emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good with dr. Railly, she has drawn many different emotions from me in her performance. The film is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea that the past cannot be changed: this movie shows it in a frightening way. It reminds me of Chinatown in that respect, the way Jake Gitte tears everything, he tries to help. Railly's character shares that fatalism, the more she tries to help Cole? first dealing with his 'madness' and then helping him in his mission? the more they are sucked into the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The strife ends with a hopeful note, but with the feeling that Cole's mission is not in vain. Twelve Monkeys are a great movie to watch if you want to entertain; It's not supposed to be art, though it's more artists than many artistic films. It is a pretentious film where all elements, from music to editing to costume design, etc. Gathering together to produce a modern masterpiece of the cinema.
