Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have been around for centuries, since the creation of science fiction as a genre per se. The fact that today's society is responsible for what can become the future of the future in the near future, and that our own abuse and refusal to see what is right, is at the center of all these stories, whether good or bad. or bad. <br /> <br /> Of course, Terry Gilliam is for this kind of movie. He gives the film a decadent feeling throughout, which shows a society being chased away by its own redundancy and the feeling of imminent tragedy, despite the moments of comedy. His world, the world in which TWO MONKEYS appear, is a place where the mad game walks, where cities collapse into dirt and neglect, where everything appears in appearance, despite the clarity of the opening sequence, where madness blows on every corner. It is a very dark movie, but its best, most linear (despite the plot twists being questioned), and one that gets better with repeated views. <br /> <br /> A tragic event in which a deadly virus was released on humanity in 1996, thus leading to the extinction of life on the planet as we have known. This leads to scientists of the future trying to compensate for changing mankind's fate on earth by employing apostate citizens. The Earth - like guinea pigs to go back in time, among them one James Cole (underline to great effect by Bruce Willis). Cole can be any person. We know nothing about him, but it doesn't matter, as he is little more than one of the many volunteers spent, and the hints of his character slip in later as he approaches to fulfill his mission. What we do know is that he is a man who dreams, and his dreams might be real: he was already at the scene of the 1996 event. <br /> <br /> This is the constant sense of deja vu It keeps the whole movie going. When he was taken to a spiritual ward in 1990, he met Jeffrey Goines (swiftly played by Brad Pitt, Oscar nominee here) who speaks, speaks about punishment and destruction. Cole later believes he saw Goines in his recurring dream if a man pushes a boy aside as he escapes ... what? He doesn't know. Later, he met a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of her first responses to him was that he was insane and that she had seen him before. It becomes a rolling idea through her participation in this passive / active story and even slightly clipped that Something Terrible comes this way, especially when she comes to him six years later: she has seen Cole before. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream he likes, in which she also plays a role as a blonde woman in the corridor shouting for help, after shots come out and a specific redhead man in a Ponytail (Jeffrey Goines?) apparently escaped, not before the little boy who is an innocent bystander. The questions arise: did these events happen? Will they happen? Who is really part of this, or better yet, is everyone, up to the smallest player, part of a Bigger Plot? Or is it all a bit in the dust of time in which Time itself is one big conveyor that shows repetitions of fragments of events that shift over and over? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterful order containing the key styles of Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece VERTIGO in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton lament her own short existence ("You didn't notice," she said as Cole and Railly looked out of their seats in the movie they were hiding). Sniffing out of VERTIGO's dialogue forms a foil for the dialogue between Railly and Cole and later, when Cole wakes up that he apparently touched the theater and is looking for Railly, he comes face-to-face with her in disguise ( almost exactly like Eva Maria Saint of NORTH BY NORTH WEST) as the swelling Bernard Herrmann score plays the rise of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. This is a fascinating sequence, more because of the most unlikely appearance of the names of the actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who wears a blonde wig and gray trench jacket, and calls her "Judy Simmons" while an "insane" help "the man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective who tries to help Madeleine Elster, who will not appear once, but twice, first as brunette Judy Barton, and later as Madeleine Action and re-enaction, play and play again.
