Just joking, I hired 12 monkeys because I'm a big Bruce Willis fan and I've heard a few things about the movie. Some good and bad, but it was one of those movies you had to pay attention every second, so I was a little worried. Just because I felt for a moment if it were one of those movies I had to watch several times to get. But I watched it last night and I was really impressed. This movie had everything in it: action, drama, sci-fi, history, dark humor, and even a little romance. The actors all did a fantastic job, I give a lot to Bruce, during his scene in the car with his psychiatrist, he really came to me. But Brad Pitt, I'm just surprised at how much of a good job he did. He didn't do his character crazy and just made it work and was very credible. James Cole is a man in the future where a virus broke out in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived. Animals now occupy the ground above while the people are under, but scientists send James to the 1990s (ie to send him to '96) to find out about information about the virus. James is instituted in a spiritual institution that his new psychiatrist, dr. Kathryn Raily, and another spiritual patient, Jeffrey Goines, met. He tells them the future, of course no one believes him, he goes back to the future. But the scientists send him back to the right year after the doctor was kidnapped by James, but he tells her more and believes him. Now they are ready to prevent the virus from ever happening. <br /> <br /> 12 Monkeys was an amazing movie. As I said, the story was so terrible just because it was not hard to believe that we were not far from that event. But the whole movie was just nice, the throw, the sets, the whole picture was a wonderful one. It had a Terminator kind of feeling where one day we could lose something precious, ourselves if we didn't listen to others. What's right and what's wrong? Who knows? But I would highly recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a wonderful movie that if you give it the right chance, I'm sure you'll enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
