An intriguing fat film weaves the seemingly effortless camera with a beautiful casting and an explosive soundtrack to determine the detrimental effects of the crime and corruption of the Santiago underworld on 2 naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> Film debut Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who owns in the nightclub, owned by the new mini-wave in Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, played by Nestor Cantillana, is easily convinced to become Trejo's chief mate after a night at the strip club celebrating the younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda )'s seventeenth birthday. From the beginning of this opening scene, the film explodes into the neo-noir exploration of everything that the outside world usually does not expect so stereotypically conservative and catholic in this country. <br /> <br /> Gracia's charm of seduction pulls the three men like bees to honey, although the circular of the threefold fantasy romance revolves around the linear depiction of great international drug trafficking between Trejo's and the Gringo, Eduardo Barril. Power relations become an important theme, as the outsiders of the community merge into a mini-family. The prostitute is exotic about all the Chilean men in the film, coming from her ambiguous position in the periphery of society, and is considered the key to all three men's future. The relationships between Trejo and Cantillana are important, as the boys' parents are busy with their absence (one assumes they are still living in Temuco). That's why it is Trejo, el padrino, who accepts 'Cantillana', and effectively 'makes him' as a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes the desperate outsider, as his reliance on his "father figure", Cantillana, is increasingly tense by zeal for the beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda remains trapped by the limitation that he is still at school. He is dependent on Cantillana, which is dependent on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the thumb of the 'Gringo', and his wealth is accumulated through drug trafficking and his strip clubs. The figure of Gracia acts as a time bomb that is considered a beautiful firework. She cuts a beauty path within the patriarchy, but the tension can only lead to one climax. <br /> <br /> As the tension of these power relations comes to head, Gracia remains ambiguously elusive. The viewer is never sure which male figure she will commit. The film closes tragically and explosively in a shooting that corrects power relations and erases half of the great male protanganists. The last shot of Miranda's beaten face accelerating the PanAmericano highway is desperately powerful. The boy has been lured by the lure of the city's underworld, but has lost his only visible family and his wife, who is his only friend in the film. He has nothing. The predominant metaphors are bold and brave. It's a gangster movie in Chile. The ideas of family, no sex before marriage, etc., are abolished, and instead the harsh realities of the other side of Santiago's coin appear in all their wild glory. Trejo beat Rios brutally, Rios and Miranda love in a role-playing room - a whore with sex with a minor she barely knows. The 'gringos' are considered a financial grip on this small Latin American people, but not through the copper mines, through the illegal path of drugs. <br /> <br /> Waissbluth's triumph is in his depiction of this dark underworld. , which presents so many social questions, more than the record-successful Sexo Con Amor, within a smooth, fluttering movie of a movie that firmly places this movie alongside the Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El Chacotero Sentimental. cinematic evidence that Chile is well and artistically alive and kicking in the post-transition period 15 years after the censorship of the Military Regime.
