Director / author Andrés Waissbluth worked seven years to complete this two-hour film about the underground crime in Santiago, Chile. Perhaps this is one of the reasons why the resulting movie occurs episodically and in editing. OR, perhaps it is the technique of a director showing a fine sense of film noir storytelling. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio parent (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) to Santiago from their home in Temuco after their parents' death and Silvio working to support Victor's training. On Victor's seventeenth birthday, Silvio takes the virgin to the clubs, where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's stripper / prostitutes. In a tender scene, Victor faces his nascent impotence while Silvio comes out on the club floor, impressing the "owners" with his potential to rent. <br /> <br /> Silvio will work for the 'gang' as bodyguard / henchman and make good money to support Victor's schooling. But Victor has one of the dancers at the club called Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and starts throwing her away from school. Gracia is just the pressure of club leaders Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) who is Silvio's boss! Gracia is the glue that holds this story together, as she is the paramour of Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual and the effects of this bizarre mannequin have a fatal outcome. Through a way to recount the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and cracks in every character that make the downfall possible. <br /> <br /> Sounds like a Chilean Pulp Fiction? Well this is and it is filmed in a brutally colorful, dark way that includes many precedents (both female and male) and challenging sexual encounters. But in the end, the sensual aspect of the director's vision of the film's film is successful on the debutant virgin psyche against the hardcore professional sex worker. The cast is pretty strong, especially Antonella Ríos in the demanding role of Gracia. There are enough twists and turns and repetitions of incidents that you think you understand the first show, but it dramatically changes impact when told through the eyes of another character. By two judicious reasons, the impact of the film would be helped. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who love the edgy movie noir style and the art of South American cinema. Grady Harp
