I haven't seen this movie for 35 years, so when I recently noticed that it will be on television for the first time in a very long time (it's not available on video), I made sure I did not miss it. And unlike many other films that lost their brilliance when they were watched later, I found that the visual images from the "Pride of the Marines" were as lively and effective as I remembered. What makes this movie so special, anyway? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his fellow marine machine gun personnel during the Battle of the Tenaru River on the Guadalcanal in November 1942, the script remains 95% true of the book on which it is based. Al Schmid, Marine "by Roger Butterfield, who just ranges enough to meet the time constraints of a movie. This is not a typical" war movie "where action is central and the war image is in the middle of the film a Short 10 minutes or so, but it's an unforgettable 10 minutes, filmed in the lowest light possible to portray a night battle, and is uncovered by the mocking heroism or fake that usually plagues the genre probably before his time, the natural drama of what happened was more than enough to give the strong, ugly, brutal nature of the battle to the audience, and probably been shocked when it was seen after the war. not about "glorious" war; I cannot imagine anyone seeing the scene and would like to be employed. Not immediately. <br /> <br /> What this film really is about is the aftermath of the battle , and how damaged men can learn to claim their lives a scandalous hospital scene where a dozen men discuss it, and I feel this is another reason why the film was so well received - it was extremely well written. There is a "dream" series that is done in reverse (negative film), which looks almost experimental and the play is strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmid's were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as he could about the man and his role. Actors don't do much more, but added to the comparison, it's just another reason why this movie succeeds in telling such a difficult, unattractive story.
