In the field of films based on screens from another area (or whatever the title is for that Oscar), "Holes" has credibility. I think it's better to make the author the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the writer cannot write a script to save their lives, the author and someone who is talented in the field of writer should create it. In addition, this review goes on "Holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons are starting here and a spoiler may be found inside. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent writer and he seems to be writing a script. I watched the movie and then read the book and both did not create incoherence or stupidity. Some people only have natural talents that can convey mediums. (2) The best performance award goes to Shia LaBeouf for his portrayal. He dug himself into the role. I wanted to see his character before the conclusion. (3) Andrew Davis was brought in to catch up with the tension. This is the man who runs and runs Harrison Ford hard. He can also make Steven Seagal head. As for this film, he dug Shia and the rest of the boys. In other words, he can make an "action packed" movie and make it good even if "action" is not the main genre, it is not "action". (4) My second favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as sir. Sometimes a goofy brings out the best in an artist. When Voight explains the rule "Once upon a time ... explaining, I had to laugh for half an hour because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and he has to investigate some other roles that allow him to (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid when he is given a solid script, which is probably the second best role I have ever seen him (second only to "o brother where art you?"). 6) I love the choice of movie theater, I didn't know California was dry or barren, I think population and country rates can be both misleading. (7) The overall look of the movie flashed. One can only imagine digging a hole in the bare area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast also deserves a box of Kudos bursts. Smith and the rest of the bill were drawn because of their talents and it was very good. Great role, though it was close to the ensemble. (9) I like a movie that doesn't immediately explain something. When Stanley got in the head with the baseball beating, it showed me how strange the events could be and that is an important ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) has yet to make some of these mature young films. It was nice to me and I am a college student. The last adult young Disney movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "Holes" may exceed that (like the 2000 election, it's still calling). Disney can make big if they decide to expand on this genre and keep artworks in mind to milk a cash cow when they see it. Ten reasons give a score of ten! <br /> <br /> All in all, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best this year. (This film may not be Oscar material, but anyone who said Oscar material is the best material?). In terms of a movie from a book I read, it stands behind "Fight Club" on my list (which is above). For a movie I saw in 2003, it's in the top five (somewhere behind the "Mystic River"). Compared to Harry Potter, Stanley Yelnats easily takes Harry's head and kills the final with a smelly sneaker to Potter's nose. Everyone should watch this movie because it both informs and entertains. Here ends my rant!
