And I'm serious! Actually one of the most wonderful movies I've ever had to watch. What is so wonderful is that it is very rarely a good book in a movie that is not only good but, if possible, better than the novel on which it is based. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it is indeed a rare occurrence. But I think the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped keep masses so that the film stays close to the story, but takes it even further. This movie has many elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature edge. 2. Brilliant actors. Adults and children, these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their lines of enthusiasm and style without going overboard, as sometimes happens with children's movies. 3. Breathtaking scenery. And it doesn't matter if it's actually CGI, the institution itself is a masterpiece. I especially love the image of the holes of a bird eye eye. 4. A talented director who breathes life into the book and changes it into technicolor genius. The transitions in time work well and capture the steady climax of the book, leading up to the turn of the film. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who read me read a book that didn't start, so I couldn't write it. He made sure that the book was pinned to the book, adding new pieces to make it even better. 6. And speak of writing! The one-liners in this are clever, funny and unpatented. But there are also parts to make you smile, make you cry and drag your passion to make you more of this story. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is not a song in this movie that I did not fall into, and that is something I consider to be a punk rocker. The songs link well with the story and add extra jazz to the overall style of the movie. If you are going to buy the movie, I encourage you to also buy the soundtrack, especially for "If Only", which centers around the story and contains the choir from the book. <br /> <br /> I don't work For the people who made Holes, incidentally, I'm just a fan, turning on my favorite movie and giving it the review it deserves. If you haven't seen it, do it. Now. This moment. Go!
