Holes is a fable about the past and the way it affects the current lives of at least three people. One of them I will call, the other two are mysteries and will remain so. Holes is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He is unhappy in life. Unfortunately, this is the fate of most of the Yelnats men and since the exploitation of Stanley IV's "non-dirty-rotten pig-stalk" superpower. The particular exploitation curse the family's men to a very poor turn. It is during a turn that we meet Stanley IV. He was falsely accused of stealing a few baseball shoes, scolding a homeless shelter, by a well-known baseball player. He gets the option of jail, or he can go to a character building camp. "I've never been to camp before," Stanley says. With that, the Judge enthusiastically sends him to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place, with a strange philosophy: `If you take a bad boy, make a hole in the hot sun every day, it will make him a make good boy. "We are learning this little pearl of wisdom from Mr. Sir (John Voight) one of the camp's advisers. We immediately get the impression that he is a dangerous man. He at least carries his attitude honestly; he didn't think he was nice. The camp's councilor, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is completely different. He acts as part of the caring sensitive counselor, but he is faster, faster than anyone else in authority to release the cruel oral barbs to his charges. The Warden has a definite capacity for meanness, but otherwise she is a mystery. These three line up Camp Green Lake, a place that has no more. It is just a dry dusty desert full of holes, five feet deep and five feet wide. The local fauna looks like the vultures and dangerous poisonous yellow-fleshed. Green Lake looks, in many ways, a ghost spot. <br /> <br /> Holes work despite the strange environment and the strange story because it understands people. Specifically, it is honest in the way it deals with the Camp Green Lake prisoners. The movie captures the way boys communicate perfectly with each other. It captures the way boys can bully each other, how they can win admiration, how they fight each other and the way boys get engaged on the age line. It is this well-nuanced core that makes everything in the film credible. What is also refreshing about this movie is the good nature of its main character. He does not believe in a family curse, he is not bitter about the infamous exploitation of his "non-dirty-rotten pig-stalk-great-grandfather". In fact, he loves the trial. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past, and determined not to affect it, as it affected his father and grandfather. There are times very sad in the movie, but not a very turbulent anxiety. And this is refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes are an intelligent, informative, and witty family movie. It entertaines, and not in a cheap way. It's not a comedy, though it laughs. It dares to be compelling, where many family flies tend to play it safely and conventionally. As such, it spans the family movie genera and it just becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give it a 10.
