Gruveyman2 (comment below) you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance by the city you are faithful to. This is an exciting arrogance, which you ironically claim is the movie emissions about SF, which makes you look like the typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you felt the movie was so much congratulations on SF because you're jealous. Of course you don't know it because you're LA. Firstly, the film was quite virtually over a beautiful city; filmed there and filmed by some of its more famous residents. It says nothing bad about LA; and these completed directors choose to live in a beautiful city across LA. They realize that they have gone to the film school in LA and are of course proud of the fact. They acknowledge that SF is near LA, which is an advantage. The only negative thing that has been said concerns LA, was about the studio executives. The same studio executives who hated these guys when they first saw, but then the same movies were big worldwide brutal movies. So why shouldn't they have hostility towards the studio executive establishment and studio system? These are the only people trying to turn them off and for good reason! Don't be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the "so-called" San Francisco director? How can he not consider it? And who directed The Godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won the best prize competition. So what gave him the job? He admits it in the documentary that he didn't even want to do the movie .... so what's your point? And so, what if Sophia wants to stay in LA? And this proves your point how? And tell me how they aren't really independent when they fund many of their own movies. Movies that are now considered classic. And when they made films of studio funding, one, it was LA who came to them and said we wanted you to take these photos and two, they used the money they made to do these pictures for their own own fund. They said exactly what in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your bitchy and congratulatory turn will accept an air of greater self-respect and faith if you never put foot on the ground, so you better say than in this movie." <br /> <br /> How hell can "bitchy-ness" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have an "air" of self-respect and faith ... if they never go to LA again? What a stupid and senseless remark! You've put in some great words here ... and just don't know how to use it! And by the way, they never answered or implied that they were better than LA! So, if they give a man from New York a grant in LA ... what is hell your point? So when they go to LA or New York, are they hypocrites by simply choosing to stay in SF? You don't make sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it today. This movie focuses on just one aspect ... movie-up. To take the time and write such nasty comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) just prove what it is that Northern California hates about LA people! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENT ... VERY IMPORTANT, BUT IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA ... BUT I ARRIVE TO ANYONE.
