The trick to creating a good, solid mystery story is so much a matter of timing as it is about plot, colorful characters or surprising twists and turns. Anyone who has ever worked in frustration with an unfinished Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle knows that any puzzle that takes too long to resolve, ceases to be fun. The best murder mysteries, whether on film or in print, are small issues that come to the fore, spell out their clues, set up their suspects, and hopefully let us down with a few surprises; be complicated without unnecessarily confusing And they play righteously; On the second, third and fourth views of the clues and red herring we should be just as happy to wonder how well it all comes together, as we were surprised in the first place. Indeed, good thrillers should be better at repeated views if we expect double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet's comedy thriller DEATHTRAP, as derived from Ira Levin's Broadway game, is a good example. It moves with a neat clip, with clues to juggle the clues, (almost) quite honestly with us (even when it's lying to us) and never revealed where it's going (even when it tells us where it's go) . It is less a murder mystery movie in the traditional delusion if it is a movie about murder mysteries, derived from a play of play. Rather than go backwards - a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened - DEATHTRAP leads us step-by-step through the crime (s), providing enough space for the unexpected; As the ads recommend, it's less a "whodunit" than a "who's ever." <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often (unfavorably, strangely) compared to the drama and movie versions of SLEUTH, but in reality it is much more common with SCREAM, the suicidal essay on teen-upper horror flicks. Like the clever film, DEATHTRAP tags themselves (a thriller about thrillers), it sets parameters (a one-set, five character maker) and then continues to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as "the most exorbitant and turbulent Enough circumstances enough to convince an audience to suspend his disbelief. "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a riddle with just five main characters, two of which are of the least importance. Henry Jones as a cagey lawyer is mostly on hand for the exhibition (and to provide us with his fondness for the charm of people) and Irene Worth is all jokes and comic relief as a spiritual truth acting as the nominal detective . It leaves three main characters the killer (s) and / or victim (s). This is proof of Michael Caine's abilities, such as Sidney Bruhl, a mystery writer who congratulates him, a character we love and trust, even as we immediately admit that almost everything he says " n lie. As his worship, as a somewhat foolish woman, Myra, Dyan Canon thrives to be at the top by giving a rollercoaster ride of a performance with a character who looks weak or superfluous, clever or hysterical, in turn or fat and inexorably in love with an inferior Sidney. The third corner of this unexpected triangle is a spectacular playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never really have to be treated, just what his character is: enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer, semi-innocent victim or cunning charming sociopath. As the different character dance around each other, the clever writing adapted by the author, Jay Presson Allen, is consistently amusing, even though it builds tension. And even after the final turn (an improvement on the play's final), it may not be clear, but who has manipulated it. <br /> <br /> Lumet is not at all a master of comedy, so he let his powerful role-player have free domination to flesh out the characters and they all give sharp, theatrical but subtle work, with Reeve remarkable . But what Lumet does so well is to work skillfully in solid areas. As he did brilliantly in 12 ANGRY men, he took a one-play, and with a minimum of opening he succeeded in making what could be cut, sturdy and stagnant, endless photo gene and spacious. The environment, a country house that has been converted from an old windmill, is fairly small, but as designed by Tony Walton, it is healthy and charming, as well as haunting and treacherous. It is so hard to know where the studio sets and the right country house cross-border, which to some extent becomes the sixth character. And as the scene of the crime, it is indeed an inviting death step.
