After I saw David Shepard's abridged print before, I finally distributed a full-featured or near-full version, which lasts about 56 minutes, compared to the 30-minute version. The Shepard print for Image Entertainment is definitely of the highest quality, and the best parts are there, but it is good to see the rest of the film and fill in some loose story ends. <br /> <br /> In the Shepard press, the film ends with Mary saying: "You see, I've changed my mind - I'm never going home." Yet, in the full version, does Maria and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship shortly after that scene? Mary returns to the country? and Driscoll restores his relationship with Vivian. These additional footage developed the character Vivian, which had little relevance in the Shepard version. In addition, in the full version, the movie starts in the New Jersey countryside with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the reality of the advances by the farm "chore boy" Johnny Applebloom (a character who is completely absent from the Shepard version), but after her relationship with Driscoll she goes back to the country for presumably and eventually " to become a farmer's wife. /> <br /> Regardless of the pressure, 'A Girl's Folly' is a good movie for 1917, made by one of the top directors of the 1910s Maurice Tourneur. By doing so, Tourneur takes many jabs on his own business, including playing a caricature of himself - the director of the film-in-the-film. The two leaders also give good performances through early-screen acting standards: Robert Warwick, an actor who plays a dress-hunter, and Doris Kenyon, as a player who wants to play on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-referring films, which made the film from the movies, were nothing new at the moment. For three years, Mack Sennett has parodyed this kind of film with 'Mabel's Dramatic Career'. However, several aspects of this one are present. Frances Marion's intertitles are humorous, including illustrations by the actors on a chessboard with a hand they have directed. It was remarkable for 1917. I especially liked the final title cards of the movie where two observers on the happy end of the movie remark: "Give it is not romantick!" And the other answer, "Romance, nuthin! ?? This is movin 'pictures! " Co-author scriptwriter Anita Loos made a similar self-referencing conclusion to another 1917 film "Wild and Woolly". Both writers helped change the role of their careers in business and art. <br /> <br /> Some of the photography by Tourneur and John van den Broek is good, especially with regard to the film industry. The use of mirrors in various scenes is a good reinforcement of the film's self-reflection. Furthermore, the editing is exceptional. The quick crossing during the studio scenes is particularly noticeable; It serves the hectic pacemakers, especially since then.
