Riff Randell is a wild, obsessed fan of the rock band; The Ramone and so are most of the students in the school. But a new tyrant of a principal, Ms. Togar, thinks rock'n'roll is a bad influence on the students, especially the music of The Ramones. So, when Riff finds out they are in town, his class jumps for a few days to get herself tickets for herself and her friends. But then me. Togar discovers why she really left those days, she confiscates the tickets. While it's happening, Tom Roberts is totally fond of Riff, but Riff's friend, Kate Rambeau, feels the same about Tom. But Riff has her eyes on lead singer Joe Ramone and hopefully in the concert to play them to play her song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, that's right, 'Rock n Roll High School' doesn't drive away from it? a fascinating, daggy skirt! That's not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone who participates in this dandy project seems to have a good time and its relaxing nature is displayed on the screen with the energy of such a glowing spirit, making it a valuable experience. That's not to say I think his art and plot are as useless as it can be. But look at this passionate, crazy ride that escalates into some good, harmless high buttons, I just couldn't wipe my face. It's tough, very cheesy, very chaotic, but damn it is funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low budget, co-author b-grade feature of producer Roger Corman and John Dante (and plus he co-screened when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day's lap ). Is basically a delightful tribute to the rocking 1950's by holding the fertile clichés and throwing the teenage rebellion tag in the boot because of the gender gap between them and the adults (who always know best). These features may not be very fresh, but they appeal to the record due to the dynamic gusto treatment. The movie has only one thing in mind, to go out on a bang! And they can do it. Courtesy of 'The Ramones', playing themselves. Really, you can tell her one big trendy video clip, since it's all about the Ramones? Well, most of them anyway. I see very flack over the Ramone's acting ability. These are musicians not actors, which means it's not about their acting, it's the music we're supposed to dig. They're here to run! Which, in front of them, delivers a few kick ass tracks that pepper the film to create a totally exciting atmosphere. Especially their flamboyant concert performances. The buzzing soundtrack also had some killer songs from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these tracks were well equipped with the carefree feeling and even the score. Especially in the scenes with me. Togar with the score that understands the right mood that sets her mind. The playful mood of the movie is almost like a rollercoaster ride with such a quick fit between the electrifying songs and comic segments ranging from scattered slapstick routines to the sometimes clever, tongue-in-cheek dialogue. Thrown in for good measure is a variety of light and heavy gags that I have found very pleasant and has given such a wider variety to express it. <br /> <br /> What's more, the film was an extra boost to the divine PJ Soles (better known for her Halloween show), which has gained such excitement as the peach Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances were Dey Young, as the very cute Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as gawky Tom Roberts and the man after Eaglebauer, played by Clint Howard. Also, some of the best-performing Corman directors appear with great performances by Mary Woronov, which is excellent as demanding. Togar who is her unfair government on the students, Paul Bartel as mr. McGree and a small supporting role of Dick Millar pushed to the end. . The enthusiastic play is pretty much champion, but the material goes well and there is a certain likeness coming from these characters, but we surprised Mrs. Togar and her hall monitor goons. <br /> <br /> It's not hit the bush here when I say 'Rock' a Roll High School, is a stupid bastard of a rhythm!
