The brain that did not die was considered so unpleasant in 1959 that several cuts and the three-year course were needed before it was released in 1962. Today it is difficult to imagine how anyone could take it seriously even in 1959; The thing is tricky and ominous, but it is also incredibly ridiculous in a very fascinating form. <br /> <br /> Of course, the story is about a doctor who is eager to experiment in limb transplantation - and when his girlfriend is killed in a car accident, he jumps to his secret lab. With the help of a few telephone cords, a few clamps, and what looks like a shallow frying pan, he brings her head back to life. But is she grateful? Not rare. In fact, it seems as if she is immediately over the whole thing, especially if it seems the doctor is planning to connect her head to another body. <br /> <br /> As it happens, the doctor is picky about this new body: he wants him to be built for speed, and he takes the drowning of women on the pavements, haunting slips, visiting bodies games, and hunting cheesecake models looking for endowments that will increase his eyebrow. But back in the lab, the head developed a chemically-induced psychic link with another of the doctors' experiments. This one is so diligent that it is locked out of the eyes in a handy lab case. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious lab assistance, make revenge on the doctor and save the woman whose body he saves? May be! The front man, Jason Evers, plays the roguish doctor as if he had given a massive dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, the unfortunate head, screams and funnels, despite the fact that she has no lungs, and perhaps not even a vocal chord. Busty babes gyrate to incredible tawdry music, actors make irrational character changes from line to line, the dialogue is even more indifferent than the plot, and you need a calculator to add continuity throws. Overall, the brain that does not die will be even more unintentionally funny than an Ed Wood movie. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green actually does the whole thing to move against a very good clip, and watching The movie today is easy to take out scenes that later influenced directors, which undoubtedly seen when they were young and impressive and never got completely over it. The cuts made before the film was released are lost forever, but the cuts made for television have been restored in the Alpha release. And while the movie and sound quality isn't very good, it's just as good to remember that they're probably so good to start with. <br /> <br /> Now it's one of those movies that you either find incredibly boring or wild hilaries, depending on your point of view, so it's very hard to give a recommendation. But I will say: if your taste runs like Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need to understand this one and now! Four stars for his cheese bizarre alone! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
