There are two movie experiences that I will always cherish. The first was for the first time at the age of 10 with "Star Wars" with my little brother. An almost second sneak in Halloween at the Tripple Square with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween made me breathless, speechless, and frightened. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He escaped a mental hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to destroy again. He looks at Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy guy who enjoys baby sitting, and starts stomping. Her party friends across the street are killed, one by one as Michael puts his plot to get her. Ironically, the young boy she tends to Halloween is afraid of the "Bowman" and can see him outside. During the murder spree dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) hard to find Michael before he releases his anger. He has no evidence, no evidence, just a hunch to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a tension-driven movie instead of a cheap excitement. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You can play four men at a table playing cards and they don't know there is a bomb and it goes down. It's a cheap excitement. But put four men at a table." discover a bomb and discuss what to do about it - then it doesn't matter, then you have tension. "Director John Carpenter takes the advice in halloween. The audience will see him from outside, watch, his victims bump. Our gas. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses the tension instead of special effects that usually highlight the gore. This movie has very little blood, but still offers good fear. One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob from the ground. He puts the knife back when it drops out of the moonlight, then drives it. All you hear is a hard branch, then the audience sees Bob's feet lifeless. Carpenter was the first to use a vantage point of the killer's scene. It also affects our audience. What will he do? What happens in his mind? Finally, Carpenter's haunting masterful score adds the tension. In addition, the tandem screenwriting he did with Debra Hill has given us a story that develops characters we care about. The teenagers are not "party crazy", but only by the rebellious anxiety of teenage desert. Finally, there are some decent performances in this "B," low budget thriller. Nick Castle who plays "The Shape" (Michael) adds something to the senseless killer. It is cold, ruthless and without any pathology. In addition, the personality does everything in the same way. He only kills when it is trapped, or to set up a trap. He divides the victims apart. He also trusts in brute force. And the mask used (a bleached William Shatner mask) gives an impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his deadly monologues, he comes over as someone scared, desperate and determined. It made me wonder if he represented the weakened attempt of modernism to explain the evil. However, the crown jewels are Jamie Lee Curtis's debut. She plays the Laurie character as someone scared, but also determined and strong fighting back. The end is one that left me speechless. It was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that they can be enjoyed many times. Halloween, and other scary movies, however, doesn't have that benefit. So if we can erase our minds for the first time, we see a movie to experience it as fresh and new, Halloween will be the movie I would choose.
