As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's 1978 classic is one of the first two movies I can remember and strongly influenced by (the other is the classic Conan the Barbarian). It made me so scared that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, who I was eventually befriended (imaginary friend) to keep him from killing me in my sleep. Now it's a terror for a 10-year-old. <br /> <br /> It's a horror classic and I'm sure my modest review doesn't deserve the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing of all is that the film is still working, perhaps not in the gut reaction, but more of a cognitive possibility or immediately subconscious. All this can happen. It is not in the area of ​​impossibility or in a foreign country (as most modern horror is, that is, Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it is graphic while the rest is referred to our imagination. I believe it is this element that scares people or at least cautiously to go outside at night, with the signature soundtrack still in their head. It still works because we can replace implied or tertiary murder with anything that is frightening to create our minds. So we contribute to our own fears and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about an everyday middle-class, suburban and relatively benign kid who snaps on Halloween and kills his sister. He then spent the next 15 years in an institution (not grateful to us) to just escape and return to his home town, the infamous Haddonfield. On the way he is dead and dead. The child's name is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implied security of middle-class suburbs. In the bastion of American security and security, chaos can still cease. <br /> <br /> As soon as he killed, Michael stopped being someone. He is not a serial killer, human or psychopath. He is as unstoppable power. The generic overalls, bleached white Shatner mask, and lack of any other dialogue than breathing help to cleanse and finish Michael's healing. It is the source of all its power. He is faceless, speechless and relentless in any way other than a source of intolerable chaos. It is helped by cinematography (postcard effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation and the veteran narrative experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). She's selling the best performance and inconvenience "the shape". It's also the first movie show by Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who faces chaos of overwhelming chances (at least for a little bit). <br /> <br /> Although not the first movie of this new niche of horror movies (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not diminish on review. If you have not been afraid of anxiety movies for a long time (like me), it will probably tap the hair on the back of your head at the first chords of the signature soundtrack. I highly recommend this movie as a horror movie and as one of the books of John Carpenter's career.
