I have to admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way John Carpenter directed this picture opened the door to so many mock genres, it will hit you to the bone, whether it's your first time to look at it or your fiftieth. The sound, the imminent horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis give this movie cult status and a good start to the independent era. I love the music, I love the characters, the familiar but haunting environment, the simplistic nature of the villain, and its random chaos. There isn't really a row or reason for the murder in this first movie, and gives us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is he insane, or somehow, just a very brilliant animal? The question can never really be answered, but Carpenter gives us its 100% and more dedication to this wonderful masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the master of horror. While his films have not been the caliber they were once (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween started his garage of a career. It's his ultimate movie. While he released other sizes, I will always remember this one as the movie that caused me to turn on all the lights, beware when I'm busy, and look behind closed doors, because you never knew where the evil would appear next. no. Carpenter has this wonderful ability to bring you into the world in which he weaves. With the power of his camera, he places these images of Meyers in places that you least expected while giving the perception as if the killer is right next to you. I loved every scene we sat back in, and there was Michael, looking from afar, without anyone being wiser. It was scary, but totally brilliant. I loved the scenes in which Carpenter drew your scare of almost thin air. There you will be your own business, when that hearing mask suddenly appears out of nowhere. Like the characters, you also thought it was just a copy of the eye, but that's where Carpenter gets you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is one (or at least we think), but he has a stronger spiritual ability than most main characters. This leads to some very dark themes and untapped symbolism, but even without it, it's a ghostly movie. <br /> <br /> Then, if you just haven't had enough of Michael just evaporating in the windows of your home, Carpenter adds that piano theme music. I still have the piano keys in my mind, wondering if Meyers is looking through the window. Carpenter found the perfect combination of visual fears and cold noises to advance what might happen to our unsuspecting victims. It's deadly, and it's done with refreshing originality and more unique excitement than anything released by today's Horror Hollywood. Carpenter's Halloween is a fresh air in the middle of what can be a rough horror year, with real scarecrows being replaced by Paris Hilton, knowing that the quality is not quite the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the opening murder in this film is frightening and cooling. Using the "clown" mask put my spine on the back. The way it was filmed with the elongated one shot, uses the child's mask as if it were our own eyes, is still one of the best horror openings ever! This sets the tone completely for the rest of the film. You have the babysitter theme, you have the childish behavior that Michael carries in the movie, and you've already rolled Carpenter's art talent into one. I could literally talk about this movie for hours, but I'd rather watch it again. This is worth the repeat visit many times! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think this is one of the most outstanding movies in film history. Save all the foreign films that think they're going to coincide, the face of movies leave it to a cheap Carpenter and the slasher movie genre. This single film redefines a whole generation of horror movies, and remains an influence on contemporary horror treatments. The deadly combination of a truly haunting killer, the powerful cinematography of the events (which usually doesn't make up for horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween the movie above. Sure, Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is, he's upset, and he's in the lust for the blood of babysitters. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Degree: ***** from *****
