Halloween is not just the godfather of all slasher movies, but the biggest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most exciting, creepy and terrifying movie of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this movie that he inspired simulators, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I have a bit of obscure there, but it just goes to show you the impact this movie had on the whole horror genre. No longer did a monster come from King Tut's grave or doctor Frankenstein's lab. He can be created in the cozy little suburbs. And at night he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the viewers would never be the same. There are many aspects of this movie that make the coronation jewel of horror movies. Firstly, the environment ... it takes place in what a common suburban neighborhood is. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify with the characters. It's the type of neighborhood you feel safe about, but if the problems start to break, no one wants to lift a finger to get involved (especially if a heavy breathing man tries to splash our young heroine). movie takes place on Halloween! The frightening night of the year! While most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking for a couple of teenagers. Besides the setting, there are some good plays. Jamie Lee Curtis does a serviceable job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a good-two-high school kid who can never find a date. However, it is Donald Pleasance, as dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His portrayal of the good doctor, who just knows what kind of evil hides behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels compelled to send him to hell once and for all, is the things of the abominable legend. However, this is the synthesizer score that really drives this picture, as it looks like it is almost in the movie. Once you hear it, you'll never forget it. I also enjoy the grainy feel of this picture. Nowadays, they seem to want to sharpen the image of each movie, giving us every possible detail of the monster we should be scared of. In Halloween, John Carpenter never really gets a full look at Michael Myers. He always looks like he's part of the shade, and I think it makes him so scary. There are many scenes where Michael is partially visible, as he spies on the young teens (unknown to them), adding her creepiness. If you think, some Wacko can watch you now and you won't even know. Unfortunately for our teens (and happy for our horror fans), when they find Michael, he doesn't look for sweets on this Halloween night. He's looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is an important element in the film's effectiveness. His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him look like the killer who will never stop. He is the boeyman who will haunt you for the rest of your life. So, if you haven't seen this movie (if there are some of you who don't have it, or even if you have one), grab popcorn, turn off every light, put it in the old DVD and watch the scare . Trick or Treat!
