I recently worked through a stage where I wanted to see why horror movies of the 90s can't hold a candle until the 70's and 80's horror movies. In this forum I was very familiar with the rage of movies like The Haunting and Urban Legend and so on. I feel they (and others like them) don't know what real abomination is. And it bothered me at the point where it let me go to my local video store and rent some of the classic horror movies. I've already owned the Friday so I rented the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, the Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Now the other movies are classic in their own right, but this is where I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is something that no other movie in the history of horror movie can do, and it uses subtle techniques, techniques that don't rely on blood and gore, and it uses it to get rid of the living daylight. fright. . I was in a room with the lights off and as stupid as I knew it was, I wanted to look after me to see if Michael Myers was there. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done it for me. No movie. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low budget film and scared a generation of movie goers. He showed that you don't need budgets in the 8 or 9 figures to challenge fear of an audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what actually happens, but what will happen. What was that shadow? What was the noise above? He knows it's the ways to scare someone and he uses every element of textbook horror I think you can use. I even think he made some of his own ideas and it should be ideas that people use today. But they don't. No one uses lighting and detail to challenge frightening, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And it's just not the same. You can't be afraid of a huge special effect that makes loud noises and jumps out of a wall. It's the moments when the murderer is hiding, somewhere, you just don't know where it scares you. And Halloween doesn't succeed like any other movie in this effort. <br /> <br /> In 1963, a young Micael Myers killed his sister with a large slaughterhouse and then spent the next 15 years of his life quietly locked up in an institute. As Loomis (his doctor) told Sheriff Brackett, "I have been trying to reach him for eight years and then seven to make sure he never comes out, because what I saw behind those eyes was a pure e -will." It puts the manic and relentless idea of ​​a killer that will stop nothing from getting what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story quite well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter has done here is a ghostly count, pleasant lighting techniques taken and a stiff masterpiece of horror. There is one scene to be described. And that's the scene Annie is about to pick up Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then did she realize that she had left her keys in the house. She gets them, comes back and accidentally opens the car door without using the keys. The audience picks up, but she does not. She is too busy thinking about Paul. When she sat down, she noticed that the windows were being gasped. She is surprised and starts sweeping the cattle, and then Myers gets off the back seat. It's such a big scene because it focuses on detail. We know what happens and Annie doesn't. But these are sudden observations made by Carpenter who scared the hell out of the movie in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses vague images of a murderer standing in the background, it has shadows sliding over a wall, dark rooms, creepy and haunting music, a sinister story by Donald Pleasance and a threatening, relentless story is told. killer. My advice to filmmakers in our time and age is to study Halloween. It must be the blue print for what scary movies are going for. At the same time, Carpenter followed Hitchcock's steps, perhaps the director should follow. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies everything we fear. If you are tired of all the horrendous horror movies that do not know the difference between anger and crap, then Halloween is a movie to be seen. It won't let you down. I enjoy being scared, I don't know why, but I do. But nothing scared me in the 90's, except perhaps one movie (Wes Craven's final Nightmare). If you're scared of creatures, then Halloween is one you should see. And if you've seen it a hundred times, it'll look again, back to back with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban legend will seduce you with all the beautiful faces in the movie. Halloween will fear you, stuck in your seat, and not move. Now tell me what horror movie would you rather watch? <br /> <br /> And just to follow up on seeing Zombie's version makes it much more appreciated. It's a classic by definition. Zombie banned his version, but it does not take away the glory of this one.
