For the first time watching for Fire and Ice, reminded me of my experience to see 300 last year. It was not a bad movie at all, certainly not average, but the plot and dialogue at its best as conventional and in the worst kind was confusing and one-dimensional (perhaps based on Frank Miller's comic book, the right decision to go together). But his primary strengths came from the intense action and bloody battles and it had a sense of a 14-year-old feeling to watch beef men fighting in a bloody sword-led, with the occasional freaky being or super- hot woman to go with the picturesque environment. While I will probably be watching Fire and Ice again for 300 again, they both raised the same feeling - except of course that it is Frank Frazetta, the notorious artist and designer of many paperback books and comics, along with director Ralph Bakshi, in what is not a typical Hollywood prize, but something for the stubborn supporters. <br /> <br /> What this means is that audiences go back today to watch the movie for the first time (it can now be sought nostalgia for those who were young and back with their Masters of the Universe VHS tapes watched in the day) are the possible drawbacks mentioned previously and maybe you will see something somewhat unique. Fire and Ice aren't even the only Bakshi rotoscope feature, but it's probably the most liquid - if not completely my personal favorite - of the few he made, and he and his team are creating a very striking world part of the prehistoric part outside this world fantastic, and sharing medieval, and everyone touched with a painter's hand on the backgrounds, the air and the grounds. There is a slight downside for Bakshi fans in this facet of character design; Bakshi went so far to say it's more Frazetta than he is. It may be true, but it does not make it any more eye-catching or exciting in those moments when we do not see people killed or killed. (My favorite was the instant skeleton guide - how they roto bought that surprised me). <br /> <br /> I neglected the description of the plot because it would really recommend the purpose. If you are already in this style and approach of animation already a silence and approach, the plot will depend on which grade two warring factions or a "girl" or princess is in danger or a hero must prove himself or yada yada , so good to say it goes well with Fire to Ice, with characters called Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest male of the lot and most comic book in appearance) and Teegra (the typical hottie that is almost * also * perfect for the adolescents) male fantasy figure). What the plot does, as an asset, allows a series of cliff hangers and tensions over the action, the progression of the danger in the forthcoming big battle, such as when the mounds hunt to Teegra and have to fight with sudden crazy monsters. and creatures leaping from tree trunks and lakes. And as usual for Bakshi, he makes a little madness (if not quite his usual inspired lunacy) in the midst of all this simple fantasy material. If you have seen Wizards, you will understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So, if you're an animated buffalo, look for an old school (ie 1980s) action and incredible design right away. For everyone else, it's ... good, not good, as I would say without mistakes over its logical 21st century expansion, with some changes, 300.
