It's an enjoyable audience at several film festivals, and it's not hard to see why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of some very good work by the three principle actors, Xu Zhu as the father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the older son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovely younger son, Er Ming, turns a story that will warm the coldest heart. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a man in an automatic cage in the center of Beijing. He puts some money in a slot, opens the door, pulls out his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, steps in the shower and cleaned with brushes and water and soap as if he is a car at the car wash. This is the future symbolically, and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past. Agricultural China provides space for industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Culture revolution hangs over? Industrialization blues? Not at all. What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for each other, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of people. Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film. On the one hand, it clearly offers a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly nonpolitical without criticizing the current regime that is expressed or implied. Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways will be replaced by something that may not be so good. I think Yang Zhang has the wisdom to just do it. Tell a story about old men at the bath house where they get back rubs and massages, where they tell and remind long stories of the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket camps, where the Master is a brute and wise old guy and his assistant are his son who can be delayed or autistic, but who does his job with joy and an infectious spirit of fun and good will. <br /> <br /> Returning to the scene, the older son, Da Ming, who was polished, well cared for and taciturn. He is uncomfortable with what he regards as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother. He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase, his cellphone and his education. He just returned because he thought his father had died. When he sees that it's not true, he packs his bags and returns to his wife and his career. But then there is a crisis and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural, human-centered life that his father and his brother lived. <br /> <br /> And so, Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, and does it in such a beautiful way that I will not object, especially because his style is so neatly and carefully printed. One of the nice things he misses in most movies is the way he shows the subplots in the bigger story so they are solved before the picture ends. The bathhouse that regularly sings "O sole mio" in the bathhouse while the water spills on him, to the delight of Er Ming, finds that he can't sing publicly because of stage fright. By the end of the film, he lost his stage fright and sing, thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming. And the bathhouse regularly who loses his wife because ... well, he tells a story to Master Liu before confessing the right reason. But Liu understands and again before the film is over, the man and woman are reconciled. <br /> <br /> These kind of "happy ending" movies are unusual in today's artistic and international films, or in almost any adult movie. Some happy ends are so confronted that they are not only ashamed of their controversy but their audiences. And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended. Here, however, the audience is happy. <br /> <br /> Especially see for the comic performance by Wu Jiang, whose warm bustle overcomes any disability that has his character.
