An amplifier at the time of its original release (it was the second highest gross movie of 1976), the third screen version of A STAR IS BORN has always split critics and supporters. The film is accessible to negative reviews, but the $ 5.6 million budgeted cash box has earned around $ 150 million and won an Oscar prize and five Golden Globes. It is not without irony that Streisand's most commercially successful film will also remain the most controversial. For every ten supporters who state that STAR is Streisand's best movie, there are always ten who claim it's the worst movie in her filmography. Although both sides have some merit to support their demands, it should be noted that the seventies are a STAR IS BORN, remains one of Hollywood's most remarkable and highly entertaining showbiz dramas. For my money, this is the best version of the regular story. <br /> <br /> The film is as long as pleasant and well absorbed. Changing the setting of the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was a good idea, and the script distorts a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their careers. This is the main area that surpasses the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN, but it is classic predecessors. For example, the movie is particularly successful when it depicts the conflicting personal and professional issues during recording sessions and the never-ending calls interrupted by Kristofferson's song titles. This version of the story is also more credible in portraying the main characters. For example, the female leaders in the two previous versions were so virtuous and self-sacrificing that they came out as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female chapter in this version, is not only portrayed as strong and passionate, but also flawed and in conflict. It makes her feel more "right" than the Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland characters in previous films, and makes the story so much more effective. <br /> <br /> The performances are all on target, even though some of the supporting characters aren't exhausted enough. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can walk the fine line between difficult and vulnerable without making herself look like, it looks like a manuscript. Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars who can even look the most banal dialogue fresh and natural, and as usual she tries to make a strong emotional connection to the viewer. Simply put, her Esther is a fully aware, three-dimensional human. Kris Kristofferson cannot get much respect for his retracted characterization, but he is always an interesting look and shows a magnetic charisma that he rarely shows elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson actually got huge reviews from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even the NEW YORKER's usually evil Pauline Kael. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give credible performances, but both have a fairly minimal screen time. <br /> <br /> The movie's soundtrack recording was also a massive success, defeating and selling the # 1 on Billboard's Hot 200. four million copies in the US alone. The Streisand-compiled "Evergreen" (with lyrics by Paul Williams) is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs in contemporary pop, which is brought to an even further life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance by Streisand. The rest of the movie's original songs (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are also pretty good, and Streisand sounds great. Her live solo numbers stay in memory for a long time after the rest of the movie has disappeared. Streisand's lively performances bring "Woman In the Moon" and "With One More Look At You" to the exciting life, and make even more psychological numbers like Queen Queen's work much better than they are right. Kristofferson's solo numbers sound somewhat senseless, but it might be intent on playing a singer in decline. <br /> <br /> Although in some respects dated (it certainly reflects the decade it was made), the seventies take a STAR IS BORN still remarkably good. The film is well-mounted and produced smoothly. The chemistry between the clues is extremely powerful and always feels sincere. Streisand has two emotional scenes near the final that are both painfully effective. Finally, a star is born not only entertaining and moving, but it also surpasses all criticism.
