Thirty years after his initial release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally comes on DVD in a package that will please Barbra Streisand's best dedicated fans. This will include me because I only saw her in the song among other numbers, the feminist anthem "Woman in the Moon" of this 1976 film. Easy to dismiss, the film's career-polarizing story is such a solid stack of Hollywood-style clips that its variations exist in other films, including Streisand's own "Funny Girl". This time again on the stage-contemporary music scene, the timewot plot follows self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard on his deep diving career, just as he meets singer Esther Hoffman waiting for her big break. <br /> <In fact, their problems are getting under way since John Norman (both names please) to grab fans and bloodless DJs with arbitrary violence (from which he escapes inexplicable prosecution). To John Norman, Esther represents his last shot to happiness, and in turn she is attracted to the intimately decent, creative musician under the facade. In the movie's most central scene, he gives Esther her big break at a benefit concert, and starts her career. He cannot inevitably fail the career in light of her meteoric success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (although Streisand's emerging directors are clearly visible), the film can still enter me, although I know it is shamelessly confronted and manipulative. Although Streisand, in her forefront, seems to be the ideal choice to play a rising singer, her screen son is simply too strong and pre-defined to make Esther credible. . The same can be said for her executive style, as the author apparently allows her softer Adult Contemporary-oriented material to be accepted into the otherwise hardened world of arena rock. From the moment she protrudes her head as the center of the Oreos, she cannot help as an established star. I can forgive the decay simply because she is an unparalleled vocal talent, but being less forgiving is how she makes Esther more terrible than terrible when John Norman's misery is overwhelmed. It creates a strange dynamic dynamics in the latter part of the movie as it diminishes what caused the climactic event that Esther reacts to. It is rounded off by an uninterrupted eight-minute after-closure of her memorial performance - great, unless she gets the style of John Norman to the end. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Kristofferson offers an excellent performance throughout, managing a level of honesty that is grounding the film and inviting Estonian feelings of love, pride and resentment. In this context he makes his vodka-soaked on-stage growling work. Otherwise, who always finds me so strange about this version, is how all the supporting characters fall into the background as if it didn't exist unless they interacted with the two principals. The only one registering is Paul Mazursky as John Norman's manager, Brian and Gary Busey, general manager, as his cynical band manager, Bobbie. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees offers a nice burn to cinematography, although a level of grain remains under pressure. A great seller in the day, the soundtrack is a hodgepodge of various styles from the 1970s. Some songs are pretty pretty good ("Everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Carefully Watch"), some who have moved to kitsch "Queen Bee", Kenny Loggins "I believe in love") and of course the inevitable Evergreen . <br /> <br /> The print transfer on the 2006 DVD is clean and the sound grateful to digital remastering. Streisand's participation is the main enticement of the extras that start with her distinctive comments. She provides informative information about the origin of the film, the decisive and the upset reports. She is also refreshingly open about the megalomania of Jon Peters, her hairdresser's boyfriend who became the film's producer, and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as director. I just wish she could make more scene-specific comments directly related to what is on the screen. She also tended to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood hit her, for example, it was tired of hearing the third time the person playing the driver was a friend of Peters. I think a second commentator has pulled out other nuggets. <br /> <br /> There is a wardrobe test roll that is wearing some entertaining 1970s clothing, especially Kristofferson's mixed fabric poncho and orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes included in Streisand's optional comments. One is a comic bread tray scene, which reminds me how much I like Streisand in fiery comedies. Another is an extensive scene in which she plays 'Evergreen' on the guitar before a Christian being, who then falls asleep. The most interesting is an alternative assumption on the musical final that contains quick cuts, which I once agreed with Streisand. The theater trailers for all three versions of "A Star Is Born" are also included.
