I've always been a great James Bond fanatic! I saw almost all the movies, except for Die Another Day, and The World Is Not Enough. The graphics for Everything or Nothing are awesome! The voice talents ......... WOW! I love PIERCE BROSNAN! He's finally Bond in a video game! HE IS CONNECTED! I have enjoyed the past Bond games: Goldeneye, the world is not enough, agent under fire and night fire. This one is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, I can tell him. Brosnan calls a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) He was phenomenally exciting to hear in a video game ....... LAST LAST! Duh! I saw him with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, they are a good team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, maliciously attractive (I mean wrong in a good way), and just one of those actors who wants to walk and hug your arms and hugs, saying, "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for James Bond," If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't know who James Bond is. "He's a good actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe, although I've seen him in a few movies. Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I spell the character's name correctly?) LOL !!!! He does a good job with an accent. Sometimes I can't even hear an accent. I've seen Willem, I mean Dafoe, in two movies: Nemo and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! HIS ROCKS! Anyway, he never stops being surprised and Richard Kiel, wow, he definitely has part of Jaw's pinched. I saw him in the movie and he is fantastic! In fact, my grandparent met Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me, but Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of C elebritis what i want to meet. John Cleese was awesome. I have never seen a better person than the wisecracking, and a gadget creates Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is fantastic! John Cleese's most recent project is Shrek 2 with Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew's and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUK 007! Oh yes, and like Q alway's saying, "Grow 007!"
