Don't get me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series fell into an FPS route. Tap "All or Nothing", which Bond puts in third person. When I wrote my previous review for "From Russia With Love", I finished FRWL and just started EON and judged EON a little. Although FRWL certainly has the forefront in nostalgia and captures the essence of the film franchise, EON is definitely better than it is in depth controls and variety. Commands range from standard and award-winning SUV management, an Aston Martin management, an exploded limousine, two different tanks, a GoldenEye, a motorcycle ride, a helicopter flying, repelling a shaft guarded by laser beams, and free to fall to a pumping girl. Sure, vehicle management is a bit clumsy, but the issue here is variety. <br /> <br /> As movie adaptations, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all I could have hoped for. But EON's original story adds to the sense of control of a James Bond adventure. This is helped by the impressive list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum, and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese represent their films of M and Q, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, while no Sean Connery adds credibility to the game's proceedings. All characters look like the stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, whose game model does not do the fair model justice. Mya's theme song is on the same scale as at least a big screen Bond title song. <br /> <br /> The game also pays homage to some of the older Bond movies. Willem DeFoe's character is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's bath of "A View to a Kill". Richard Kiel appears as Jaws, the Hulkingman of "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three fighting scenes. The first and best that goes the same way will have a fight in the movies. <br /> Single-player games consist mainly of standard-on-foot missions as Bond. Like Bond, you will be able to choose whether you want to use stealth or with guns. The game offers many opportunities to use stealth, with many wall and object covers. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, only one button in EON controls both the bend and the wall clamped so that Bond may eventually be lowered if it's supposed to look around an angle and vice versa. The game can also be players in the "Bond reflex" mode. While browsing your inventory, everything around you will go into super-slo-mo, allowing you to analyze objects around you that can communicate with each other. Although it gets a little used to, this mode will eventually allow you to perform many spectacular Bond moments, such as shooting a candlestick to take four goons, and adding the Bond movie feeling. <br /> <br /> There are 3 available degrees of difficulty: Operational, Agent, and Double Oh. At Operative you can break through in a few hours. On Agent, a few weeks. At Double O, a few months. The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission. Providing high scores on missions will unlock gold and platinum awards and effect features such as vehicle upgrades and the skimpy outfits that the Bond girls wear. Some missions can be very frustrating due to a scarce number of checkpoints, but when everything is said and done, no mission is more than a single action scene in a Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, multi-player is not that exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multi-player from any Bond game. EON's main multiplayer is a co-operative campaign mode that puts players in control of fewer MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond's. A more standard third-person death test can be unlocked from this mode. But the single player is the most complete Bond experience so far. The end, like most Bond games, is anti-climatic. While the final mission is one of the most aggravating of the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. Levels that require Bond to become fast also become a matter of trial and error. Yet, for any serious Bond fan who doesn't play this game, it's actually missing out on one of the Bond movies.
