I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I wasn't that big on Singles), so it's safe to say I'm looking forward to anything Cameron Crowe attaches to his name. I went to see that Vanilla Sky was told it was a very strange movie and I probably wouldn't want it if I expected something like Crowe's other films. Well, after I just saw it, let me say the former was correct, and the latter couldn't have been wrong anymore. It's a very strange movie, and nothing really comes to the end. Anyone who tells you that they see it halfway into the movie, either lies to you or can't detach them from their memory. Anyway, the movie was stars, and I look forward to possessing it once the DVD is released. I moved through the movie, and I feel emotionally at the end. It is an experience that will draw the whole spectrum of human emotion from the viewer, if the viewer allows him / her in the plot. In the theater I watched the movie, there were more than a few people who had clearly lost the track and were bored by it when they found that they could not return to the plot. I'm sure others have the ability to follow such a movie. I don't mean to sound pompous, but some are cut out for the Seagal, Chan, Van Damme movie genre, and these are probably the types that will not enjoy this movie. These are many cerebral, so make sure you are prepared for a two-hour spiritual bender, as well as many thoughts afterwards. <br /> <br /> As compared to other Crowe movies, it's very similar to At least one esteem, in all Crowe movies, the soundtrack is a character to itself. It's almost certainly due to Crowe's prolonged ties with music, like anyone who knows Almost Famous, and his marriage to Heartster Nancy Wilson. It was also worth noting that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise's acting and Crowe's direction that made the movie look famous for anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my mind it's not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if I compare this movie to any other movie, I would say: if you enjoyed the game of David Fincher, you'll almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
