How strange the human mind is; This center of activity in which perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in whose view the world depends on the fine tuned functioning of the brain, this most delicate and complex processor of all things sensory. And how much do we really know about its inner working, depth or capacity? What is it in the mind that allows us to distinguish between reality and a dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see, such as looking at a painting by Monet, in which the vanilla air of its vision becomes our reality. This is a concept that is watched by Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz, filmmaker Cameron Crowe in his highly imaginative and awareness film, Vanilla Sky. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits a publishing house left by his father. However, his fifty percent controlling interest made him a marked man, as there are seven members of his board, and each one sees himself more dignified than the young man. Aames of the lion amount of the company. And the burning of dissatisfaction is the fact that David does not have the focus that requires the work. <br /> <br /> Welcome, David likes to play; He is still in charge of the business and does what he likes, or the advice (he refers to them as the 'Seven Dwarfs') or not, and no one ever had the courage to challenge him directly. But at a luxury birthday party in honor of one of the legal representatives, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall), David warns that the seven are behind his back. At the time, however, it is the last thing on David's mind; He had a casual relationship with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even it went to the back burner when he met a woman at his party he couldn't get out of his head. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after only knowing her one night, she became a central part of his life - about to be upside down. Like the morning after his party, he made a decision that changed his life forever. And he will sometimes learn it, there is simply no going back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe made and delivered more than just another movie with this one. Much more than a movie, 'Vanilla Sky' is a vision realized. With the first images appearing on the screen, he offers a visually stunning experience that affects both visceral and cerebral palsy. It is a thought-twisted secret that will devour you and sweep you away; emotionally, it's a rush - and it can leave you exhausted because it requires an effort to stay with it. But it's worth it. Think of "Memento" with a rock-black soundtrack and a vibrant assault of colors brought by the stroke of an intruder brush. There is darkness and light, and sounds like pounds and rides until you can feel the blood rinsing through your veins and knocking in your brain. And everyone played on a landscape of virtual reality that has swirling under the increasing vanilla air. Simply put, this one is a real journey; It's exciting - and it is a mind-boggler. <br /> <br /> As far as the performances are concerned, those who do not mind can make Tom Cruise as Maverick in `` Top Gun '' or bypass Ethan Hunt. In 'Mission Impossible' or those who regard him as a 'movie star' rather than an actor, think again in the light of his work. Because, like David Aames, Cruise gives the best performance of his career, one has to check out any doubts about his ability as an actor at the door. He has made interesting career choices over the past few years, with films like `Magnolia 'and` Eyes Wide Shut' merely warming to the very real and complex character he creates here. And also give him credit to play a role that drives any sense of vanity; It's Cruise like you've never seen it before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and this one too - as well as the admiration and speech of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this movie, it's remarkable. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz also plays an excellent, if not exceptional, performance, as well as Sofia's wife of David's dreams. There is a lasting innocence she brings to this role, which works well for her character, and makes her forthcoming and accessible, but she does not have a hint of mystery that could add the special "extra" to the part. But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he certainly did with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he did to Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely alive in July. She never looked better and looked at the screen. But don't make a mistake, it's not a window-dressing part, and Diaz delivers a complete package of this character. The quality of her performance can actually be measured by the impact she makes with a fairly limited screen time. And it's the person she integrates so completely with her innate beauty that makes July so memorable. Overall, a great job by Diaz. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Kurt Russell (Dr McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (' LE 'Man), Jean Carol (Wife in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About halfway through, this one may question you about your own sense of reality; But be assured, at the end of "Vanilla Sky" everything will be revealed. It is a reality bender, sure and a wild one; But it is exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying and unique experience that you must see to believe. This is the essential, and absolute, magic of the movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
