In an effort to earn money for the success of Universal's horror movies, Majestic Pictures has hired several popular actors of the current genre and, in this endeavor, made it (realistically) nowhere near as good. It's still worthwhile for everyone's time and it's a lot of fun to see and I think it's better than most of what is supposed to succeed today as a horror! Story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the bodies have completely flown off blood and with suspicious puncture points. Mayor Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts: "It's vampires", but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks it's a crazy man who is responsible and he promises to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** The Burgermeister and most of the towns think that local cuisine is Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who likes bats and regularly speaks to them. the one they are looking for and they are chasing him until he falls to his death. in a cave. The one responsible for the murder is dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and reaches it through some sort of control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out at night to collect the blood. Dr. Otto has a nice assistant named Rut Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he is going to do, but Karl is eventually suspicious when one of the killings takes place after Herman's death. <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never confused with James Whale, but he was a proper capable director who eventually managed most Blondie movies in that series and with this movie he used the same sets of "The Old Dark House" which has also been filmed at Universal. I am the first to admit that this movie is sometimes almost clumsy, but it is virtually impossible to resist a film that plays such a role, including Frye, who only does his Renfield role this time when he is playing with Bats are holding and hitting them and keeping them in his pocket for safe keeping! One thing that just doesn't make sense is the mindset that Dr. Otto about Emil, as the film never explains it and I have a strong feeling that it was a kind of nod for "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari", but on the other hand it's probably only the worst part of the writing. There are a few other delicacies I've noticed, including Frye's chase to the big caves. It is, of course, an early shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon where many other films have been made and also Wray's brown hair which is her true color. True horror movie fans will appreciate it more than others, but I think it's a fun movie to see for everyone, and with as much appeal as it is, it's worth it.
