It is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time in my opinion, its expression of mind, funny and sad with incredible performances everywhere! All the characters are great, and the story is just brilliant!, Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just fantastic in this! The end is very powerful, but I won't spoil it, and I thought the character development was too! Plus you can really relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, as you will root them, plus I love how it moves slowly, giving you the opportunity to get to know all the characters and what is over. I can't believe it has a score of 5.9, as I think it should be much higher, and it was funny to see Randy Quaid in this role, and it was also very well written and made! One play that really got me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan), by her mother, was very shy about the party, and the movie also has very surprising moments! The dialogue is particularly excellent. This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), his mind expression, funny and sad with wonderful performances everywhere and I say go see it right away! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne is doing a fantastic job here, working on a fantastic camera, and keeping the film at a very exciting pace! The Acting is wonderful! Jodie Foster is really cute, and is amazing as always! She was very nice, caring, has a lovely character, was intense in some scenes, focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie like Jeanie and Annie! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is completely hot, and unbelievable here, I was really sorry for her character because she had a very nice character who needed help, she gave a powerful show and created a very memorable character what she was wonderful! Scott Baio is great like Brad, he really loved, and did his job well, I liked him. Randy Quaid is wonderful in his serious role. Surprisingly, I liked him. Sally Kellerman is wonderful as the mother I loved much of her. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good like Madge and Deirdre, and did what they had to do well like the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here because it was cool to see her, not much of a part. The rest of the throw is doing well. Overall it will immediately see, it's an underestimated masterpiece! ***** out of 5
