Basically the exact same movie as House of Wax - Vincent Price's first real horror result released the previous year - but seriously caring, because "The Mad Magician" offers just as much excitement, glorious period pieces, joyful 3-D effects, sublime acting performances and macabre horror emotions than his predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what writer Crane Wilbur had to think when writing down Prince's character Don Gallico, another plagued soul that was destitute and avenged of those who wronged him. Don Gallico is about to perform his very first own illusionist performance as Gallico the Great and plans to portray the greatest magic in history; titled "The Girl and the Buzz Saw". Gallico's promising solo career is suddenly wrecked before it only begins when his former employer, Ross Ormond, appears on stage and contracts under his nose. According to him, Gallico's inventions are the legitimate property of the company. The sloppy and relentless Ormond, who also missed Gallico's once-beloved wife, starts with the buzz saw trick and launches it in Gallico's rival The Great Rinaldi. Inevitable Gallico snap and sadistic butchers Ormond, but ?? also a master of creating disguise? Recreate his image of the victim and even lead a double life. "The Mad Magician" is an amusing and thorough pretentious 50's horror movie in the Grand Guignol style, with a lot of unlikely plot twists (the housewife turns out to be a brilliant crime story writer?) And a handful of fantastic grotesque exchange moments ( although they are obviously obvious). The 3-D delights near the start of the movie, such as a yo-yo player and a water fountain goofy trick, only serve as a filler and contemporary 50's hype, but it is still fun to do so now and again. look at the means. to see them properly. The mad wizard is also interesting from a periodic point of view, as the events take place around the time fingerprints are being used as evidence and the character of Alice Prentiss is a clear reference to well-known crime writers of that era. . Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the absolute essential element of triumph in this movie, as well as almost every other horror movie this legendary man ever stared at. As no other actor could ever reach, Praise shows the plagued protagonist gradually descending further and further in spiritual madness in such an indescribably enchanting way. You're sorry Don Gallico, but at the same time you fear him terribly. You support his filthy acts of retaliation and at the same time realize that his murderous rampage must end in death. Vincent Price was simply a brilliant actor and, in my humble opinion, the embodiment of the horror genre.
