THE BIRTHY BETTY PAGE Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Targeted by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of alleged sin and one of supposed salvation? Especially when that person ultimately had a split personality disorder in recent years as if she were demonstrating her own point. If you are director Mary Harron, you are not ashamed of the indication of the NOTORIOUS BETTY PAGE. You allow the character to move back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of God and the church and the seductive illusion of control and domination of Page during her years as a pinup model. Through this, audiences are offered to present a complex character that is continued by a desire to leave her difficult past with a naïve delight in the desire of others and a struggle to reconcile her image in the eyes of God. Come on in the right time, it won't matter how many eyes are on her, because there are only a few who count. <br /> <br /> Shooting mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary bursts of color), THE NOTORY BETTY PAGE is sometimes a light, humorous comedy that makes the movie a pleasant experience and also a pleasure how serious people believe in the corruption of pornography. But the delicate hand of the director is more palpable during the times of despair. Harron is a sensitive, considerate director who does not throw Page's numerous and devastating complaints of abuse into the face of her viewer. Instead, she gives the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the title role, the opportunity to hammer the pain of her character into the viewer, with fear in her eyes, exhaustion being her crying and shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps most male directors, need to point out the heroine in painful positions to link the type of atrocities that have been placed on her and where her life has taken her, Harron has too much sympathy for her character, her actress and her audience. From fragility, Page learns to trust people again and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, the more she falls in love with their admiration and control over the look. By the time she was overwhelmed in the soft core area of ​​S&M, she found a way to combine her need with the objectivity she was accustomed to throughout her life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who longs for control over her life and destiny, but eventually is always told where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices was herself, she prefers to embrace God and proclaim his word to those who will listen. The real sadness behind this most important decision is that she still blindly leads someone else. She just believed that this direction would be better for her soul.
