Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (former lead rock singer of the former rock band, Runaways in her remarkable acting debut), Marilyn Kagan, and Kandice Stroh, are uniformly credible, beautiful and touching like the titular quartet, which is a tight climb. of angry, very loyal adolescent girls with negligent, unconscious, self-absorbed parents who do their best to awaken themselves and care for the affluent San Fernando Valley, California suburbs. The girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, commitment and so on at a young age when they are not fully prepared to possess the potential harmful effects of the decisions. Foster, one of her most conspicuous, so far influenced and underestimated, is basically the group's mother predicting the well-being of both herself and others. She is particularly concerned about the kind-hearted but reckless and self-destructive Currie, whose indifferent hedonistic lifestyle is likely to end her. <br /> <br /> This photo provides a gripping, informative, often devastating, credible and thorough survey of broken, dysfunctional families that are directly beneath suburbia's neatly manipulated surface and the tragic net result of such families: tough, resilient but unhappy and vulnerable children who have to face trials and tribulations to grow on their own because their parents are either considerate or even non-existent. Adrian ('Fatal Attraction', 'Jacob's Ladder') Lines' direction is sturdy and striking, while Gerald Ayres's screenplay is a bit messy and rattling, but still quite accurate in his frank, eager, unimaginative depiction of your average latchkey child's nerve spot chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday life. Leon Bijou's soft, soft, almost pastoral cinematography presents a delicate and easily fragile sense of rest and innocence. Giorgio Moroder arranged the excellent score, which makes effective use of Donna Summer's elegant "On the Radio." The leading film includes Sally Kellerman as Foster's neurotic, uncertain, cute mother, Scott Baio as a lovely skateboarder man, Randy Quaid as Kagan's rich older boyfriend, British 60-year-old pop singer Adam Faith as Foster's fearless, absentee rock promoter, and Lois Smith as Kagan's smoldering, overprotective mother. In short, Robert Romanus (Mike Damone, "Fast Times at Richmont High"), is one of Foster's former boyfriends and a gawky portable Laura Dern portable as a turbulent party accident. Achingly authentic, annoying and deeply moving (Currie's grim ultimate fate is very heartbreaking), "Foxes" is simply one of the most indescribable and undervalued teenage films made over the early 80's adolescence.
