... but the general filmmaker's mileage can vary in Mary's "American Psycho" Harron's stylized look at the American sexual psyche as seen through the lens of the Immortal Queen of Curves, Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> I won't wear someone with a recitation of the iconic status of me. Page, a primary and correct valedictorian from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in the hope of becoming an actress and eventually becoming the Bondage Queen of the Universe. I will not run through the sketchy bio-pic plot of "The Notorious Bettie Page", although I offer a high kudos to the technical aspects of the movie (a series of animated magazines covering fountains right away), improper use of a period camera nonetheless. Finally, I will not discuss the timely relevance of the film's themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, the saint and the secular; they are there for the viewer to absorb, if they like. The more things change, the more they stay the same, as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> What I'm going to fly around for a moment is the wonderful performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page. The truth is, Mol's face looks almost nothing like Betty's, and she's not even specially built like Bettie (although only a fool will deny the beautiful breasts and not a fool!). She doesn't even practice the thick, dark forest that hides Me. Page's most intimate charm, but the fact remains that Mol embodies the spirit of Bettie Page in every way, form and form thoroughly. It's a bravura "comeback" of an undeserved semi-dark. I have never met Mrs. Page does not meet (and unfortunately it probably will not), but I digested the photos and videos, and read all the bios and interviews, bought the trading cards and other chances and ends, and to be honest, crave me. Since then I first discovered in my adolescence between the lids of dusty magazine magazines at the barber shop and the five and dime. Mol determines the essence of the woman perfectly, because I conceived her, not a pun that I consider to be an Oscar-worthy performance. Liv Tyler has never been able to match Mol's shining characterization in a million years, and I'm grateful that she left the project. Not that I thought about seeing her completely naked, I hurry to add, but I can't imagine her brand of sensuality translating into Bettie Page's innocent exhubance. <br /> <br /> "The Notorious Bettie Page" is not for everyone, more than slavery and discipline. I suspect it will be much better on the disc than in the theaters; legions of devoted Page followers and the curious will look after it. I can only hope that the DVD will be full of Bettie extras to show the bastards how well a job Mol did. <br /> <br /> In addition, a hint of the hat has a fine supporting role, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose well-known Bettie's famous photo venture was immortal. <br /> <br /> A final note to the young scribe who stated that Mrs. Page had no effect on his gender: Have a look at Madonna's cone brassiere and come back to us. Bettie Page is, whether you know it or not, the true Godmother of fetishwear. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her family could never have existed.
