Film can be a tin glass to see the world in a new light. Good Night and Good Luck, for example, offer parallels to modern judgment-free evidence and violations of freedom. It is easier to investigate a moral problem when it is not too close to home: removing it from our immediate situation in a fictitious or historical context. With pornography we consider ourselves 'relieved' and our ancestors are hidden by beautiful ideas - which usually include fire and sulfur, but the definition of what is obscene can easily become ignorant and unscientific interpretation rather than evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of an era that not only included McCarthyism, but also the prohibition of comics (such as Tales from the Crypt), on the grounds that they would change the youths in half-dead youth criminals. This film, developed from key questions raised in her life, presents dilemmas that are still as important today as in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our movie opens with two key games. In the first place we see well-dressed, respectful men in a cunning bookshop. One of them asks for photos of women in kinky boots and is being held - then it turns out to be a shelter police sticking out a sting. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called as a witness, and looking as if she is just coming out of church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are black and white. Old-fashioned movie effects such as wipes and fades add to the feeling that we are watching a film of early years, as well as the ways of the cast, scenic 1950s scenes, random string phrases and the sharp dialogue related to film of the period. Archive material is often crumbled - which will entertain many and irritate others. In keeping with its theme, the movie is almost a collection of different types of photography-in-motion, and the older cut-outs of fabulous beaches and landmarks are good at Betty's classic positions. It is returned to a magazine of 'health and nature' magazines. . . Although I admit that if you are not enchanted by the story, you can find the effect slightly. <br /> <br /> We'll be back soon. Bettie escapes a year of depression in Nashville, which only stirs up church singing and soul saving, and goes alone to make her own way. After her initial success, her modeling split into two parts: the mainstream glamor focuses on her over-the-rain smile, and the "specialist interest" photos associated with high-heeled clothing and lightweight slavery. In an earlier audition (reminiscent of a scene with Naomi Watts character in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), she gives a performance full of emotion, contrasting with her normal animated, cheerful (but ultimately mere) day to-day expression. Is part of her still unfinished? Betty is often rejected in auditions as soon as they realize she is the well-known famous girl. But we have never been asked to be sorry for Bettie Page: her abused childhood is quickly referred and skipped; When she is raped by four hometown men, we see only the threat and then Betty recover and survive, choose herself in deserted bushveld and place the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Although no celebrities are involved, it is Betty's special interest photos that eventually cause trouble. When we return to court, the views of a minister on the corrupt influence of such photographs are taken as evidence. A psychologist says authoritatively how the photos lead to 'suicide, murder and psychosis' among young people exposed to them (presumably not in that order). Eventually, a star witness explains how his son's life came to an end as a result of such photographs - 'so' being excavated. It is not made clear how to "get rolled up, cause death". The text accompanying a series of Bettie's photos in a magazine tells how she was forced to endure "terrible agonies" with the fetish constraints (the audience knows that they have actually found them hilarious and that the words, like the photos themselves, was pure dramatization). After a 12-hour wait, Bettie is told her evidence - she is the one who can definitely declare she was not photographed in the gamble - will not be needed. The horrors of the photos have been proven. <br /> <br /> If it all looks like the dark ages we've left, consider a recent (2003) incident banning an Ann Summers ad. It said, "For fashion and passion sweep along to your local store," with a photograph of a woman's back. She wears a bra and a dong and her hands are handcuffed behind her back. The Lingerie and Gender Toys targeting female consumers (and also supporting domestic violence), said its advertising was aimed at giving women sexual confidence and always controlling women in their sexuality. One can conclude that the prejudice and ignorance of Betty Page investigations still holds money. <br /> <br /> Betty's religious views are integral to the story, just as the concept of sin is integral to Christianity and contributes to the 'forbidden' 'The nature of sexual pleasure commonly found in the UK and USA , is in contrast to the more factual approach found in mainland Europe. It can be used to formulate the formulas of sin and salvation, and even "be saved" in mating patterns that persist in traditional male domination. A policeman who makes a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Betty outside the courtroom offers to save her from loneliness. The knight-in-arm armor can be chivalrous, but it also assumes that a woman is needed to save. <br /> <br /> Keep it or hate it. The Notorious Betty Page is an unusual and extraordinary film, and a moral call to those who consider it. There is an excellent ensemble acting, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable because the entire film succeeds or falls on her powerful performance.
