First, I heard good things about this movie, not least among the retro / vintage scene and the socks lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page and it did not disappoint. Shot in very clean black and white with color added for key scenes, the film gives a documentary feel to Bettie Page's early life and career. <br /> <br /> There are many things I didn't know about Page. First, there was the gang rape. Later, her efforts to develop an acting career and then glamorous photographs, firstly with a camera club with men who can't get enough of her and later with the Klaws, Paula and Irving, who, despite taking slavery and fetish photos, as very pleasant and friendly people occur. If only modern porn producers were like this, better porn would be a result! For the most part, the film is not a cross against the ills of pornography, but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s to those who produce fetish and nude photographs of women. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because it meant that none of the "saturation" effects we have today regarding pornography. It was also much less hard. Page comes across as someone who enjoys her work and doesn't seem to be degrading. In many of her photos, she is tied up and nailed (and trying to hold a conversation), a whip with a flourish, so exciting that the photographers take her photos and are seen in many "initiation style" girlie bondage movies. pretty much compared to the hardcore things we have now. <br /> <br /> Page never became an actress and let down when she was "Jesus Christ" in her thirties. Her faith in God and Jesus never goes away, even when she is bound and buried, she still insists that she is given a "gift" by God to do this thing. If I see this movie, I am more famous about Page and in awe of her modesty, beliefs and attitude. She is one of a kind, compared to the identical clone blondes we have today, and someone who can actually say, "There is life after porn."
