Although The Notorious Bettie Page acted and shot well, it is at best a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the brother and sister team who produced most of her best-known photos. It does not describe her life after appointment, apart from her religious rebirth. It calls "The Real Bettie Page", by Richard Foster as its source, but ignores Bettie's later years of mental illness and incarceration in a mental hospital. The close focus of the biography can be discussed, but the majority of Betty's fans and "civilians" are likely to be more interested in her modeling career. That's what they get. <br /> <br /> The film was performed well, with Gretchen Mol, who portrays Bettie's appearance just as well as the sweetness that her photos radiated. The character is played as rather naive, a likely byproduct of interviews given by Bettie in recent years. Bettie is more likely to be aware of the nature of her photos, but rationalized it as acting and costumes. <br /> <br /> The supporting role is also excellent, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw. David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film features the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo shoots with the Klaws. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his more debauched state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of acting, the film is a bit disappointing in terms of depth. The story is quite fluid and we never feel like we really know Bettie. Just like her photos, it's just an image. It tends to exaggerate Betty's fame. Her photos were mainly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market of underground and cultic publications. Her real fame came after her photos were reprinted in the late 70s and 80s, and the Cult of Betty Page (as her name was usually stored) grew. Bettie's biggest exposure (forgive the pun) was in Playboy, which appeared in the January 1955 edition (the Christmas photo, which is recorded in the back of the film). <br /> <br /> The movie is well done, if it's level. It is capable of maintaining interest in the end and displays very fine performances. It hit the high points of Bettie's life, but ignored many details that would give it much greater depth. Rather, the end is a deviation. It feels rather sudden. Still, the movie is definitely worth watching by anyone interested in Bettie or even the period. The soundtrack is wonderful and really attracts the viewer in the 1950s. If there is nothing else, the movie is a showcase for America's emerging sexuality and the clash with its Puritan past. It's also a look at an icon for both men and women.
