First, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely beautiful film, very lovingly rendered of its time and subject (s). Gretchen Mol is completely painfully convincing, and Mrs. Page reflected himself. Irving and Paula Klaw are richly signed as the work class stiffies they were (Paula met at Movie Star News in 1990, and Lili Taylor's performance is unbeatable), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is an adoringly debauched genius . Anyone interested in the recorded history of American attitudes towards sexuality should see this movie, in a theater where US dollar elections are counted. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I will allow a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous, which has no impact on my estimation. Harron's work as the beautiful piece it is, but my view of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order. Me. Harron made a work of subtle subversion. Together with V for Vendetta it is a movie over another time for our time. <br /> <br /> Few readers of this site will be aware of the government they will see in Notorious (by transcribing the many words spoken in closed Senate Committee hearings) is a very close approach to the one where they currently live. While Mrs. Harron explicitly denies that she has a political agenda set against this film, her faithfulness to the facts and the respectful and indifferent way they make it synchronize Notorious with the present day. The acts that Notorious portrays in loving and accurate details are defined as obscene by the Communications Declaration Act, recently brought to the Supreme Court as a first-amendment case and returned there for the sake of the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective slavery portrayed in Notorious is offensive by federal prosecutors in any (hostile) jurisdiction they choose. Of course, there were no hearings in Senate or elsewhere on this issue when the CDA was passed. Of course you don't know anything about it, because you don't want to tell people in Peoria what you can and can't see. Likewise, people in Peoria probably don't want me to tell them what to see. Of course, Notorious will never be charged. It's Hollywood. It was argued. However, countless Klaws will still be steamed by a puritanical bureaucracy that has not progressed much in its aesthetic, moral or biological composition in 50+ years. <br /> <br /> In addition, Notorious posts no 18 USC 2257 compliance statement, authorized by the unmarked "earmark" recently voted in law. If any media contains images of "sadomasochistic restraint", it is necessary to provide records of age and circumstances of all artists. Notorious also fails in this regard. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a wonderful entertainment point and an (almost) accurate historical document, Notorious will be the litmus to which the Bush Justice Department itself is judged on the 14th (equal protection) amendment and perhaps several other constitutional grounds. In this respect alone, a debt of gratitude is due to Mary Harron. You will be grateful anyway, Constitutional or otherwise, if you see this movie.
