I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, partly because of her appearance in the many days of Playboy (apparently when she took her photo of her and her Santa hat, just that, she didn't know what it was ). The film, co-written and directed by American Psycho's Mary Harron, rinses the key parts of her life well enough. A southern bell of a churchgoer has some bad experiences and leaves them behind to find better times in New York City, where she comes in modeling and from there much more. Soon she becomes the underground excitement sensation, with slavery the obvious (and "notorious" of the title) attribute attributed to her. The actress Gretchen Moll portrays her and gets the spirit of this woman as good as she can, which is actually much of the movie's success. She is not a simplistic character, even though his ideas of morality are sometimes questionable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, weren't they?" She says a few times). Apparently, the filmmakers leave the later years of Page's life and leave with her in a kind of salvation period, leaving behind the picture for Jesus. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Notious Bettie Page is not much more than a kind of ordinary bio-pic presented by HBO films, although this time with the stamina for a movie release. The best scenes captured by Harron are Page in her "dubious" positions, to make pictures of her in the top and play in the ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms. It adds an essential comic relief to the film's otherwise ordinary nature. It's not that the story behind it is uninteresting. This involves the government's investigation into the "smut" that came from such photographs and underground magazines. But there is not much time to explore more of what is simply revealed, with Page and its complexities or its relationships or sex and the fifties. It all gave a very neat black and white look and sometimes it seemed that Harron was making some of the black and white photos to tint more as it went along. This is a viewable view if you are not aware of Bette Page, and probably also for fans.
