If this movie hits you (as we did, and apparently other people leaving the theater) as disappointingly thin, it could be because the subject itself is generously disappointing. The movie offers our Betty Page our loyalty, as she probably was: a playful almost innocent of the rural South, whose career as the "Pinup Queen of the Universe" for her was just goofy natural fun. Her ultimate moral malice, religious conversion and sudden deviation from nude and slavery modeling are given biographically accurate, but difficult to understand, given how unreliable she is from her livelihood. <br /> <br /> There are many reasons to even see this movie, not least, is the incredible W. Mott Hopfel III b & w noir cinema (complete with old-fashioned wipes and solutions). The 1950's faithful play of the film under Mary Harron's pole, perfect performances by some of our most underrated supporting actors (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), for the Oscar-worthy and technically difficult to name Gretchen Mol. <br /> <br /> Me. Mol does several scenes completely naked and most others in wonderful period underwear and "specialty" costumes (gloriously compiled by costume designer John A. Dunn), but she loves Bettie Page's uncontrolled pleasure in her lush body. To look at me. Much like me. Page, an aspiring actress, who progresses through degrees of progressively less "bad" auditions and student plays, is to see a real fine actress in full control of her craft. <br /> <br /> The writing effectively brings us to America's 1950s, where sexual abuse of children, lawless abduction and rape and the legal suppression of pornographic brands that look nice today are a reality. 50's New York focuses on seamless inter-cut news roll recordings. 50's Miami comes alive in super saturated, 16mm-style color. The right Bettie page seems to mock, smile and sit in front of us, yet the effect is curiously lightweight, barely angry and not dangerous at all. How strange the slavery's greatest icon should be so little in poison, and that this technically excellent biopsy should have as little pitch.
