I like it ... just this ... I like it, not like the animated series ... I love it !!! The fact that it is less attractive is that we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this cartoon was wonderful, but it didn't keep it that way. There are too many people talking that Bruce is so cold, but if it's about 5 years later, someone in a criminal gang will get this angry and darker attitude. So it's not a mistake for me. Batgirl was great that she really was fit because there is no more Dick Grayson as a robin, batman needs a good teammate, not like the new Robin, he's just a kid and you can't do so much ' do not rely on a child. But heres that didn't work: The new artwork ... it's not terrible, but for me it doesn't work in a series like batman. It's a dark character, with a maniac killer like the joker, so you can't put this kind of artwork into this cartoon. The joker is not a bad design, but I still like the old joker (but for me the BEST Joker is the one that ever appeared in the bat: the return of the joker), so this joker is not so close not good. The good thing about the joker is that it still marks Hamil voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her). They made a wonderful episode for her: Mad love (for me the best episode of this series). Here we finally knew how she turned Harley Quinn and how the joker turned and it felt the atmosphere you felt in the animated series, darker, no happy ending, brutal battle with the joker (but too short) how it was to be ALL the series. BUT generally I didn't like how she made Harley in this series. In almost every episode they sat funny but in a ridiculous way, she was beaten, she said uncertainty, she made mistakes ... c'mon she was funny in a way you could laugh with her, not her not ... and here they sit ridiculously (as I said the only episode where I don't think it is crazy love and beware of the creeper). good range, it has it above and below, the signed can be better (MY GOOD !!!). Nice sound effects, nice music, nice voices and nice episodes: my favorites, crazy love, jokers millions, Old wounds, sins of the father and cold comfort. If you enjoy Batman: TAS you can see it, but don't specify too much, on the other hand if you haven't watched TAS, first look and then look at TAS so you'll really love TAS: D
