If you weren't there then this movie is sorry for you. What I am saying is a shame because although some of the plays are amateur, it is meant to be realism. Let's see it - in real life, we don't say things in a demanding or perfect way, even if we mean it. In this sense it works. However, this does not apply to our "famous" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born of course). The fact that the other 3 girls are not reached just adds to the story. Jodie plays the glue that struggles to keep their friendship close, even with the obvious sense of fate. That means no matter how close friends are, eventually there are some people who just disappear, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And that's the essence of the movie. It's not about partying, it's not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their final time as quiet young girls before they have to go the world alone. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had such a friendship in your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what era it is or in what age you grew up has. We all knew these schoolgirls, or at least knew about them. We all knew the frustrated virgin, half who wanted to keep the youth and half desperately wanted to think about it. We all knew the boy-mad, the fashion plate whose vanity hides its fear of the world, its fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl, the one they whispered about, with stories of not only her sad home life but of her infamous exploitation. And we all knew the "mother figure", the one a little more real, a little more primitive, a little more sad because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Maybe, like me, you were some time at a time. <br /> <br /> This movie really captures the fragile time in life when wants, needs, pressures, femininity, childhood, the world and loneliness are all embodied in every woman's head, every factor on the abyss. What aspect do you like? What do you throw over the edge, no matter how you like it? And how painful goodbye to everything you know? This is what this movie is like - act femininity while keeping change to the garment, and how difficult it is to keep walking. If you were there, you know ... and love this movie, like me. Reach and done well. A good piece of female femininity.
