After the glories of The Snare it was unlikely that a further outing for Hanzo could do better and it did not break the expectation, but it was a fine movie and neatly set between the fun but messy first chapter and the great second in terms of quality and general entertainment. The screenplay comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare, as well as the expectations of a Hanzo movie, but the film sounds nice little changes to the formula by enhancing the character-driven humor and giving the film. a quieter, reflective edge. The film opens with ghostly Hanzos assistants, and he typically decides to have fleshly knowledge of this ghost. It appears that the ghost serves as a guard for a stolen coin and from this set-up unfolds a story of theft, corruption and interest, with expected violent and messy results. Shintaro Katsu is fantastic as expected, as Hanzo comes effortlessly as a deadly fighter and sexual force of nature. He is equally good at the moments of knowing law and humor, almost an ordinary drama man, a beautiful finishing touch. filled with social conscience and a touch of personal feelings. The expected comedy is also good, his moments with "Snake" Magobei may be the most amusing of the series, while his interactions with his servants are always so entertaining. Although neatly loaded with nice moments, a good amount of action and a little sleaze, the film loses a bit of a relatively limited approach. There are shades of both previous films, the plot, pace and smarts reminding the strings and when the film intends to do sleaze, it is very good with a highly treated and impactful early interrogation sequence. Director Yoshio Inoue also offers, in a more experimental way, potentially delusional scenes such as Kenji Misumi's less well-treated work in Sword Of Justice, with effects that are sometimes very nice, such as with a man playing a song on his fingers pick the strings, as unknown to him. Hanzo plows his wife, and sometimes a little weak, such as with an orgy that is moving to a nudity-free psychedelic swirl of limbs that just looks confusing. The nudity and bloodshed were generally followed by a pity, though a little bit of both is a stronger approach, worked better. It's definitely the kind of movie where trashy and unlimited nudity and violence are the best fit. But even with less in the way of exploitative goods, it's still thoroughly entertaining things, the predictable moments are done with aplomb and there's more than enough intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises to go around. It's a movie for the fans, and really plays back in previous installments and works sweet if it's not spectacular. Completely a near perfect, pleasant, if bad, faulty end to a beautiful trilogy, the second best of them, a watch for enthusiasts of such things.
