Following the brilliant Goyôkiba (aka "Hanzo The Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and his excellent (and even sleazier) prosecution "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zem" (also known as "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973), "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold, is the third and unfortunate final installment for the incredible saga of unforgiving Samurai constable Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu), who is fighting with corruption with his martial arts as well as its enormous sexual powers. As a big fan of 70's exploitation theater in Nippon, Sword of Justice has become an immediate favorite of mine, so I was more than eager to find the persecutors, and full of anticipation when I recently stumbled upon them . While this third "Hanzo" movie is not as brilliant as its predecessors, it's definitely another big piece of cult theater that no fan of Japanese exploits can afford to miss. "Who's got the gold" is a little better than the two former Hanzo movies, but it's just as brilliantly comical and cruelly humorous and starts off immediately. The movie begins when Hanzo's two assistants see a female ghost as they fish. He always wanted to sleep with a ghost, and Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the place of appearance. If it's not a promising start to a great movie experience, I don't know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role specifically written for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, the persistent and fearless constable, who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, and whose unique interrogation techniques include rape of female suspects. The women questioned immediately fall for him because of his sexual powers and enormous penis, which he trains in a fairly grotesque routine ritual. I will no longer throw away the plot in "Who's Got The Gold", but I can assure it is as cool as it sounds. The supporting performances are also very good, and as in the predecessors there are many hilarious eccentric characters. This is unfortunately the last movie in the awesomely sleazy 'Hanzo' series. If they made more than 20 persecutors, I would have looked them all happy! The whole Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is a bit inferior to its predecessors, it's definitely a must see for all cult theater lovers! Oh how I wish they made more successors!
