L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The hypothesis of the stolen painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-storey Parisian apartment. Inside, we meet The Collector, an elderly man who apparently dedicated his life to the study of the six well-known existing paintings of an obscure Impressionist era painter, Tonnerre. A narrator repeats various epigrams on art and painting and then engages in a dialogue with The Collector describing the paintings for us, telling them, telling us a little about the painter and the scandal that brought him. tell us he will show us something. <br /> <br /> As he walks through a doorway, we enter another world, or worlds, or perhaps to the limits, other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his seemingly unlimited home, including a large garden full of trees with a hill; within these constraints, the 6 paintings come to life or halfway to life as he walks us through different tables and describes the possible meanings of each painting, of the work as a whole, of a whole secret history behind the paintings, the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that inspired the paintings. And so on, and so on. Each room, every description, leads us deeper into a labyrinth, and all the time The Collector and The Narrator involve their separate monologues, sometimes deviating from dialogue, but mostly separate and remain different. <br /> <br /> It looked a second time, so bizarre and powerful and indescribable, and so challenging to think or rewrite. If I guess what it all does, it would be a shrewd satire of the whole artistic interpretation. An indicator can be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes are those in which the collector contains sexual plastic figurines - in the second, he also looks at pictures taken of the figures that reflect the positions in the paintings - then go he is through his collection, which now partly consists of life-size versions of the figures. If we think too much about it and don't just enjoy it, it all just becomes faceless plastic. <br /> <br /> Whether I came to any definite conclusions about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé" or not, I can certainly say that beyond the early (and simultaneous) works of Peter Greenaway such as "A Walk Through H ", I was rarely so enthusiastic about something so deep, so serious, so dense ... And in the heart, so uncomfortable and fun.
