This project was originally designed as the movie version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and it's not something new to Jay Chou, who made his movie debut to play a character from another popular manga initial D. Along the way, it was decided to include some kung fu in the movie So the title, even if the idea was not very original, with Stephen Chow's Shaolin football combined with martial arts and ball games. Still, and thankfully, the scenes where kung fu influenced the games have been kept to a minimum, and in Kung Fu Dunk, very reasonably unnecessary, because they do not add much to the plot, also do not gain much excitement, and at most cheap and reminiscent of the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu in soccer matches. Jay Chou is comfortable in his role as martial artist Fang Shi-jie, as it was not the first time he fought with the use of martial arts (the curse of the golden flower?) And under the guiding direction of Ching Siu-Tung. He is made to look really credible, as he throws countless gang members into a bar like the trailer, just to let you know who's boss. <br /> <br /> It was almost why his character became a kung fu practitioner and for the excuse for an upper shot, which could shoot the hoops of virtually any angle. And with Eric Tsang, as a little while, Chen-Li, who sees his potential, became his agent, he joined a university to play college baseball, but not without the initial objection of the team captain Ting- weed (Chen Bo-Lin) and do not team. star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, in his big-screen debut). But you know with team members on the same side. It's not long, they combine their strengths to take opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I will stick out my neck to say that this movie is to basketball just as the goal was to soccer. This made the sport look good because of its charismatic characters, despite dropping so much coolness and isolation on the courts. Here are special effects and threads used to make the actors look like professionals who can exert a top end in the NBA league and, in all honesty, look really nice, especially when mimicking different dunking movements, thanks to technology and stuntwork. . So, in fact, the kungfu elements should not really be in the movie. The stunt work itself can justify most of the movements, as it is reasonably based on reality. You just have to think that the average height boys jump in their feet to jump that height for a professional jerk. <Br /> <br /> Also sorry that the number of games was just a handful, with the time spent on many subplots, but each one was loosely developed and fled in and out of the story whenever and when they wanted to. Things like the abandoned Shi-jie's quest to use the basketball games to get his parents one day come to them, the gangsterism that enters and influences games, and his love life with Charlene Choi in yet another flower vase role to do well. look and do. nothing else. Everyone plays a little too cool, leaving little room for main characters to add depth. One of the most important themes here is the realization of the importance of teamwork rather than individual talent and abilities, and it could have been much stronger if the players themselves had far more out of court interaction than just about it and during competitive games. apart from the high-fives and friendly fit. <br /> <br /> With the budget of US $ 10 million, it's easy to see where the money went - the effects, especially a massive fantasy sequence at a key point in the movie. It's pretty flawless, nice to look at and probably justifiable on its quality alone, but again I want to emphasize that even the elements of the basketball sticks themselves will still make a decent movie with dirty basketball moves. And if Jay Chou plays for your team, it's a big boost for any hope of successful success.
