Lost, probably the best tv series ever made. the storyline is clever and when all your questions are answered, look at one episode, 100 is raised. If it is lost, it is wonderful ways and should not be carried away, then it will be the best performance ever. The survivors of a plane crash are forced to live on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats. After reading it, do you think it might be interesting on earth? And here's your answer, every season, so far, was always full of surprises. You have always questioned yourself why it just happened and what happens next time is very unexpected and the story goes so far! The series just sucks you, it's chilling and very addictive, everything from the wonderful creators and directors to the beautiful performances by the role-player creates a very credible story. Lost is simply incredible, wonderful, highly entertaining, moreover, at best. Anyway, you want to sit it down. <br /> <br /> Lost beat is all the other shows through a landslide. And if you've lost your hatred or criticism, you don't know how to watch or watch drama. Getting lost is simply not disappointing, you will think a series that lasts so long can't get any better. But do it! It just keeps on flowing, it's different from what you will ever think. "Everything happens for a reason." And it's really shown in the series. Eventually you will reach a point where all the clues are and everything that happens or is done is added. You will feel and realize how the characters have changed and how and why everything is going. <br /> <br /> The 10 minutes of excitement: You see something you haven't seen, something has grown with character or on the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a big twist that can or will change everything. You hear your mind's churn, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart beats. The 30 Minute Glow: You see a flawless scene, tension built, you hear great music by Michael Giacchino. You see a big flash back, impressive acting. You see whiteness, cold atmosphere which then changes into tension. <br /> <br /> Everyone showed that they're addicted, can't get enough, admire every minute and can wait for the next episode, to talk about 24/7. For me and many others it is this series. Lose. Once you start watching, you won't get enough. The creators did a flawless job. Lost is completely unique and original, you will see nothing like it. The clever idea of ​​"flashbacks and flashforwards" and something great and different in every season sucks your mind. Will they ever make a series like 'lost'? Something so interesting and something you will always remember. It simply amazed the world when it was A new generation of dramatic / sci-fi. I'm sure you've all been lost and these are 5 star reviews, and your annoying friend won't stop telling you, so what's that? <br /> <br /> Every episode leads to something new and it doesn't stop better and better, you get more interested as it goes, you learn things on the island you won't even think about. The characters start to get very nice, and if your critic is typing, you would like to see more details, things like how the relationship between characters develops and how they learn to look at and tackle island challenges. All in all, it is a great drama and a flawless series. I think we just hope that lost will not have a downfall in the episodes to go. So if you don't look lost, read the comments from above and change your mind. Seeing is believing, so until you start watching you will never know. I strongly recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST !! start watching !!! You didn't see anything until you looked!
