In the summer of 1990 it got to work. It is partly in the Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC and the remaining parts in Winston-Salem. The massive offices of the RJ Reynolds have been used in various office scenes and places in the beautiful city known as the tulip stage of the world Winston-Salem! I enjoyed my work, although it was very difficult to build all the sets like the Gulf of Mexico where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went on their date. I also had a big hand in decorating the bar where Larry was the magical bartender. Destiny met. I wrapped all the pictures on the wall of sports heroes and decorated the phone cabin where Larry made a call for a taxi. I even put my mother's photo on eye level so I could freeze it and show it to her when we looked at it. I remember painting the grass in his old house with green color because it had to be sown first (it was a new home in a new development and I think they rented it for the movie). Then I had to cut the custom sweet. to make it look good .. man who was difficult! Regarding the film, when we made it, we had no idea how it would be, but after I saw it, I fell in love because I told the story of "what if" as well as what I ever seen, including the great This is a wonderful life. I cried so many times <br /> <br /> I can't count. I met the wonderful actor Michael Caine while shooting screens on an old minor league ballpark where Larry's son-time scenes played and played again. I remember after taking a barrel and returning to his trailer, I ran him and asked him for a photo and he was very friendly and said, "Why not!" He is a good old and a very natural and powerful actor. I can't say the same for Jim Belushi. He was so full of himself, big cubic cigars smoking and talking so loudly. <br /> <br /> Anyone overload can hear every word. His career has never declined, but he recently had a decent TV career. I'll say look at this movie if you ever get the chance. It is wonderful and very cordial and real. You can feel Larry's pain after entering the new world. Destiny gives him after he hit the homer. And because he wants so much people to believe he's not that bad, everyone thinks he's. Everyone thinks they belong in a mulberry! But eventually he won over, but then he wanted his real life back so badly, especially his wonderful wife, played so well by Linda Hamilton. And he wants his dog back! So see it.
