While the original 1932 version, with Preston Foster, was good, there was no valuation worth more than that of 1959, or more impossible to find anywhere, just as I strongly suspect Mickey Rooney had something to do with it. Never a mere show can ever be so masterfully brilliant, or a writing more mind, and an improvement on the original. Many years after the last of my various views of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney told a visit he made in the death penalty and apparently eliminated much of personal identification. with people in similar circumstances. The article was about as short as the main character here and did not have much cover, except to the extent that his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the prisoners themselves was emphasized, even in language I would not give to quote here explicitly no. . . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is that it is not, of course, evenly, impartially applied, just as many innocent people are too much careless, so sent unnecessarily to meet this particular fate. Another problem I have with it is that it is not applied fast enough, or for the case, even in public enough! The Bible makes a special point, in such cases, about one of the major goals of such, as a deterrent, inefficiently obscured, minus, not only public viewing, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who claim to be statistically proving that it is not an effective deterrent? In addition to a problem with the reliability of their data, I have little or objectively unsatisfactory doubts, many behind bars now because of the lack of such a deterrent. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duvall, in the Apostle, was totally punished for his particular "crime" or that the only hope of leniency for one like him on a "temporary madness" defense, as if it were the only acceptable excuse in its kind case. . . . In addition to several other questions about Mickey Rooney's motives for that particular visit, he told me and about the answers I can only try to speculate, I suspect was the most important one of a particular religious nature. I don't know exactly when he became the professing Christian. He now makes it a special point to emphasize, whenever possible, that he is; But as anyone should be well aware, this particular category of people tends to find the most for blood when it comes to eye-to-eye. However, I do not have a particular conviction about this, just as there is no doubt in Scripture that not everyone, and not even most, will become the same true fate in the hands of the Lord Himself. because of his sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem for me about the spirit or attitude with which most professing Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; For, unlike the Lord Himself, who would like to see all who are saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to be revenge to condemn reasons to condemn! . . . What most people on both sides of this superlative-eternal burning issue cannot appreciate adequately is that the Lord is so dynamic and elusive as He is difficult. The two sides of his nature seem to be so inherently incompatible that he is spiritually disrupted, at least through any strict human account. Yet, no matter how zealously unavailable this miraculously dynamic mixing of the water and oil in its nature is surely, there can be no doubt that anything about it or something fanatical and characteristic on the one hand or the other of this comparison is not insufficient and unacceptable short of the whole judicial truth. Indeed, I have seen the deadliest blood-spreading, because it itself contradicts, even too many times, when conditional prejudice against the death penalty is confronted, even in the most rationally well-balanced ways, even though the Lord died for all not all will be saved by it. After all, to receive absolution, one has to repent and repent of the same term, it is repentance (Luke 13: 3-5). Can anything make sense? . . . But how about the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of your enemies, those who despise and persecute you without a just cause or provocation? One of the far-reaching problems with this kind of sentimentality, as commonly misinterpreted, is the way it obscures the real meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not in itself mean the same as unconditionally to apologize to the one who is forgiven. When a clear, rationally well-balanced view is taken here, it is from the perspective of God's own attitude everything that is actually meant, a fervent wish that the one who is forgiven will eventually succeed in finding his way, the light to see and be granted mercy. This attitude, of course, is the opposite of, for example, that of Jonah, who actually made it angry when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would cause their repentance. Jonah didn't want them to repent, but wanted them to be destroyed. How self-righteous, cold-blooded like most professing Christians, he was, except that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I almost envy Jonah as much as he would like me! But minus the repentance of the one who is forgiven, any forgiveness he can receive from a true Christian, will not do well. In such a case, the only one who benefits is the true Christian himself!
