The film "Holly" is the story of a young girl sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous "K11" red light town. In the movie, Holly is waiting to sell at a premium for her virginity when she meets Patrick who loses money and friends through gambling and bar fighting. Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond about their "stubbornness", but it is all disrupted when Holly is sold to a child trade and disappears. As filmmakers, we are pressed into Patrick's quest to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is right and wrong. "Holly" carries us through the beautiful and hard Cambodia as we discover that HOLLY is not just one girl. She is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated every year with no rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less extreme than the subject would suggest, such as documentaries involving 4-year-olds and sexual trafficking, but can shed light on the Cambodian / Vietnamese child trafficking to prostitution. It is a moving story that helps shed light on the terrible situation many children face and they struggle to trust and realize what is right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the antagonist of the movie is an American dealer of stolen artefacts who also lose money and friends while playing cards and getting into the battles. While traveling, his motorcycle runs out of fuel and is forced to rent a room at a brothel. During his stay he came across Holly, a 12-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and abducted in slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers a clever, stubborn girl under the traumatized outside and is determined to save her - although their strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they meet. When she suddenly disappears, he begins a journey to find her, without thinking whether he can really help her. <br /> <br /> On her way to another brothel, Holly can escape when she jumps from the truck and walks in a field full of mines. A mine is deposited by a cow and the truck driver believes she is dead, and Holly is left alone. During Patrick's voyage to find holly, he meets a social worker who tries to make sense in him and shares the facts with him that haunts the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for her freedom simply burns the question. She explains: 30 000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it can be 60 000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he told her. "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​beating her safely comes to sleep when the social worker tells him that the US will not allow him and although it takes five minutes to save a child, it takes five years to help her. reintegrate into society. Patrick is not affected by the information and he continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> The audience is then shown that Holly makes it to a small town and searches for food with other homeless children. She is then befriended by a local policeman who looks a little better than criminals with a weapon when they sell her to another brothel and then make an agreement with a Vietnamese businessman who takes her virginity. Holly then seems to be her fate and when Patrick finally finds her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "tree tree" her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but he is not deterred in his plan to take her away from this world. In the end, he steals her away and brings her to a safe country in the comfort of the social worker. Holly is given fresh clothes, if it is fed and brought to a dance class, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. This intense desire to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship runs away from the safe home and back on the streets of Cambodia. Meanwhile, Patrick has to do with the decision to leave the country and flee back. to the United States or to stay in Cambodia. His mind stays back to Holly and during a visit to a bar; An older male sees the picture he likes and comments on his sexual appetite when he had sex with her. It scared Patrick and he hit the man and ran out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick catches Patrick in the eyes of Holly, who is hiding behind a pole. <br /> <br /> The movie "Holly" can help the audience donate money to organizations that improve life for these things. poor young people, and even campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the dramatic shortcomings of the film can reduce the chances of seeing enough people to make a difference. Overall, I think the concept is better than a documentary and it wasn't as enjoyable as a movie. The actors did a good job of showing their raw emotion and the real confusion of the young people affected by this lifestyle, but in the end, the hard life of the region and the desperate concepts of the parents who children sell to maintain their children. own hunger, do nothing to help the children's situations.
