After enjoying this show for years, I use to dream that I can see them all again and share it with my grandchildren. I'm so happy to pay a small amount for the memories I found on DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving hard-working man, a spoiled beautiful daughter and two boys as different as day and night. Michael, the baby boy is a freedom hiker and JJ is a fool. I know many African Americans did not like this show, but I know many can tolerate it and have to accept it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Esther passed Rolle. Tyler Perry is the leading author actor today and I support his work, but not so much, as he made such a cruel cartoon in one of his plays. No one should hear ugly things about physical appearance. The show became less interesting when Dad James died. It picked up a bit when Florida remarried, but declined when she was absent from the show. Overall, the show was great and I also enjoy having copies of part of my past. I am trying to keep up with the work of former Good Times stars, and I have to say they are one group that has not been raised with rumors. I think children today will enjoy this show and I have no problem watching and watching children. Congratulations to the author, crew and stars for years of renewed memories of a time I can enjoy again without hitting scenes. <br /> <br /> OK, so I watch the shows over and over. I noticed recently that I reconsidered the series, but didn't like them. I think Florida was a bit harsh when it comes to money the kids made. Not that the kids don't need supervision, but it's done in a way that makes Florida's motherhood different. The scenes where Florida was supposed to talk about how other people weren't pretty disturbed now. When James was alive, the show made a big thing out of James who wanted his own Fix-it store, but never lived to see his family out of the projects, but Florida married someone who fix shop owned. A bit of a slap in the face of an actor who had to end his time at Good Times and prove he has achieved everything he aspires to. Finally, when I look at the shows, I see the series go overwork and is renamed "JJ". To be true, after James left everything, it was mostly centered on JJ. Not a bad thing, just a noticeable thing. I won't trade my DVDs for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience have started to lead your eyes for a while.
