When people think of Chicago in the city center, they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and Da Bears, Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox, the curse in 2005, or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six champions (and Finals MVPs) with the Chicago Bulls . Rarely in this generation, people on the staggering side of Chicago, the ghettos, the drug-infected streets and life in urban housing projects think in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of television's most formidable shows ever and a groundbreaking sitcom was "Good Times", which I vaguely remember as a small child at CBS, and I often enjoy TV Land now. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another Norman Lear classic, the producer we gave. "The Jeffersons", the best African American sitcom of all time and "All in the Family", is the biggest show of all time. "Good Times" brought out the hardship of the ghetto and the urban housing projects, and did so with charming, well-written and thoughtful plots and some wonderful plays, especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this struggling ghetto family run by Esther Roles and John are played. Amos. The children in the supporting role play were also pretty good, especially the popular Janet Jackson in her early years and Ralph Carter as the youngest son of Florida and James Evans whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair and he must learn to stand up his own two feet. <br /> <br /> The eldest of the kids JJ played by Jimmy Walker is a bit out of place on this show and is mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12, even though he looks like a guy in his early twenties. J.J. becomes annoying, and this is an acknowledgment of the often nasty James Evans (Amos) he never told J.J. to get his own life, get work and get out of the house. J.J. is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother, it is never serious to get a college degree, or more importantly for the family to get a job to help a household that is just above the welfare status. <br /> <br /> Two classic Good Times episodes were the one where the Janet Jackson character had a fever of 104, and Florida Evans desperately sought good medical care because she couldn't afford anything, but a clinical doctor What is very professional does not want a family from the projects to pay more attention than they should legitimately. The other episode is the one where James Evans can't afford the rent to pay a low $ 104 a month. The Evans are about to get the biggest of family setbacks, which are thrown out of the projects without going where. Florida Evans is at the center of the social services council to try and get a loan or grant to help her family. But the government doesn't consider her family poor because they have more than $ 4,200 in assets for a family of five who are unjustly but unfortunately legal about the poverty line. James and the kids want to be the money, but Florida is a person with a great moral character and wants nothing dishonest, no matter how bad they are. In the end, the family finds a solution to keep their heads above water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" A classic show of the 1970s is about keeping your head above water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work hard in menial jobs to try to correct their children and avoid the social stigma of well-being. I was too young to understand the message of the sitcom as a toddler in the 70's during his first performance at CBS, but I really enjoy the reserves on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms from back in the day.
