Forbidden Planet represents the kind of science fiction that is precious in theater, especially since the 1950s. There was The Day the Earth, the Silent and World War, but not forgetting this jewel who forgot about his story from Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell an astronaut's story on a planet a doctor had on him which is a remarkable breakthrough. It's the kind of breakthrough that's not so incredible to look at (although it looks great for 1956 to look at some of the sets and the gigantic machine the doctor creates), but with the emphasis on the characters and themes. of technology taken too far by the more primitive side of human nature, even when we do not know that we channel it. <br /> <br /> On the surface - that is, in the first ten minutes - it seems to be a bit more professionally standardized and geared better than the B-movie of the period. An astronaut ship is on a mission to planet Altair-4 to bring back an expedition that is missing decades before. But the only thing left is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who were somehow immune to an attack that left everyone dead. Morbius seems to be a friendly and highly intelligent man, and his technology seems so impressive that all the astronauts, led by the skipper (Leslie Nielsen), are reporting it back to their superiors on earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - something off the people's ship injury, one by one, every night, even when the other one keeps an eye and then puts an invisible electric fence that puts the invisible something going easy. Meanwhile there may be a romance between the Skipper and Alraira, and there is a more intrusive vibe of the doctor: you shouldn't have come to the planet to start, and now you have to go. What is happening here is even more fascinating, just at a purely intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should also be entertained by this story while getting useful ideas. While everyone can remember Robbie the Robot, and for good reason perhaps the most memorable image for me is the monster realized on the screen, with the crew not shot, animated with red electricity and so beautiful that it looks like Fantasia . The action of Pidgeon is subtle: you will not expect him to be a villain, although there is something in the character and in the performance that speaks to it, and ultimately it makes the character far more complex than one would expect . And the other performances are really, but also excellent, by Nielsen as a born leader to Holliman who offers a wonderful comic relief, as the Cook (which I must add, helps with one of the funniest scenes in the movie with the gallons bourbon Robbie). And the effects on his time are extraordinary (sophisticated in a nostalgic pulp way for today), and the music done by electronics is beautiful in his "tones". But in the end it is the script and cautious direction of Hilcox that puts it a bit above the rest of the B movie. When it is meant to be funny, it is intentional and it works. When it is dramatic, it closes very well, even in its tight moments with the actors. And if we think of a horrible situation, it gradually comes, with nuance, not scraped in our faces or injected with mega-action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration for many other sci-fi movies, and a fine marker of thoughtful science fiction stories and books from time to time, it is a classic and entertaining classic.
