I have to say there are many, many things I love about 'Forbidden Planet' and yes, I see it as a 'classic' science fiction movie for many reasons. But the admiration it has received over the years is, to my mind, a little over. No less an authority than Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of his genre." Ambitious? Without a doubt. Intelligent? Depends on what part of the movie you're talking about. It was definitely the most sought after and highly-rated science fiction movie up to that point. At a cost of almost $ 2 million (remembered in 1956), MGM both stopped to make a brilliant, obvious outdoor space adventure, unlike anything seen on the big screen, even for Disney artists. studio for some of the more extensive special effects. 'Charming' is usually not a word that describes special effects in sci-fi movies, but it is the one that fits best here. Even the dreaded 'Monster from the Id' is just a well-gifted cartoon character by the Disney people. It probably won't scare anyone over the age of eight. When I see the different sets and take note of the art design, models, costumes, etc., I am reminded of nothing as much as 'The Wizard of Oz', with its adorned saturated colors and extended if not always convincing. So much work has gone into these films, which one tends to smile in admiration, regardless. 'Prohibited Planet' is great to look at. The scenes take place at obvious stages that are fabulously decorated, carpeted planets and space on the background, and intricately designed miniature dunes and so on to give the illusion of depth. It's a bit like seeing the most sophisticated play you'll ever see. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably those within the massive Krell complex, where shots showing the vast depth and breadth of this inner space are well done and credible. But then we come to the actors, darn it. The performances are almost uniformly horrible, but in fairness one has to say that the dialogue never exceeds the level of adolescent dressing room humor, except for some parts of scarce enough scientific technobabble. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon has been reduced to give such a hammie show. It is sometimes turbulent. A very young Leslie Nielsen star as the spaceship commander J.J. Adams, and does not carry an ounce of credibility or belief in the entire film. He seems to know instinctively thirty years ago that his real forts lie in comedy, as sometimes there are hardly a straight face that reflects his lines. Every forced reaction, whether rage or passion or solemn meditation, looks right from a high school game. Anne Francis, also very young, has a little better than the so-called innocent Alta, whom we believe, has never seen another male man as her father before the spacecraft's crew arrived. (Alta Morbius, now there is a name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this early age, Anne Francis looks just as virgin and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in "Butterfield 8." There is a good story here, somewhere among the crew's nice comments about Alta and another young subplot about Earl Holliman's cookie's cook. (Holliman also turns into a horrific performance. I guess all these actors have gone straight from this movie to acting.) Based on Shakespeare's "The Tempest," the story of a dead race, the Krell and the fantastic world of machines They left behind are what most people tend to remember about 'Forbidden Planet' and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there you can forget about the rest of the movie and be blinded by the Disney artists' conception of the Krell underground complex. Is it enough to make up for the rest of the film's shortcomings? You should decide it on your own. Oh, and of course there is Robby the Robot, every 1950's ten-year-old's idea of ​​how a robot should look and talk. He's funny. In places. So, "Forbidden Planet" for me is a very, very mixed bag. It deserves credit to be the inspiration for a whole range of science films and TV shows that followed. Not least it was 'Star Trek'. But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than a good comic book sci-fi goes back and sees it again.
