Thinking about the science films of the 1950s, one thinks of the kind of baffling black and white B movies parodied on the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 television program. Still, while there were many more films such as outer space plan 9 and robotic monster than good movies, the 1950s had some very good, if not great, science fiction films like The Day The Earth, Still The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Of The Body Snatchers, World War, And Another World Thing. Still, the best of the bunch, for his literacy and production values, was undoubtedly MGM's first major decay in A-level science fiction, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, then appearing as the latest special effects, and is equipped with a very good screenplay by Cyril Hume, from a screen treatment called Fatal Planet, by Irving Block and Allen Adler , which adapted aspects of William Shakespeare's The Tempest in it. <br /> <br /> The film came out during the release, for its Oscar nominated special effects, its all electronic music score, by Louis and Bebe Barron (though credited as Electronic Tonalities, to avoid music guilds), live rugs paintings inspired by Chesley Bonestell, and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), animated by an animator, Joshua Meador, of the Walt Disney studio. Even more known was the appearance of Robby The Robot, in his first role in film or television. Later he would appear in the movie The Invisible Boy - included as a bonus in this DVD, as well as several appearances in the 1960s sci fi TV programs The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space - with whose own robot he is often confused, and a cameo appearance in the 1984 movie Gremlins. <br /> <br /> The story is simple but elegantly built and full of humorous types that have fueled the forced "love story" aspect of the movie. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D has a flying saucer led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, he was once a leading man before his Police Day days), is heading for planet Altair IV to investigate what happened to the Bellerophon crew sent twenty years earlier to the planet . After a year's journey they meet the only survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), the Prospero standing philologist, his beautiful blonde daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the Miranda character in a pre 1960's mini-skirt and Robby the Robot, the home servant who is the Calibean counterpart. Morbius warned the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year, but he was immune to it. All in all, it is a technically good movie - especially with some back projections and carpet paintings, and the absurdity of the adult responses to Timmy's and Robby's benefits border on a Dalian surreal absurdity. Yet, it is clear that the filmmakers had no sense of the sublime absurdity confronting the film, as it is played straight, and it makes it even harder. As for the main feature? Forbidden Planet deserves all its kudos. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a few hours, and much better than Star Wars, which looks like twenty years, much more outdated and young. Only such films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens, and the first two Terminator films, really looked or surpassed these classics in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It is worth knowing that, despite Forbidden Planet's "happy ending," there is the possibility that the MOTI is still dormant in Alta. After all, she is her father's daughter and has an even more lively nightmare than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship a second time. Also, the movie only shows the MOTI once, and never shows the Curl, because the imagination can always provoke greater fear than the best special effects. The film also uses narrative ellipses to condense the story, which many more realistic art films don't often do. Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define, but it also covers the other slideshows that were quite obvious. Watch it, and you'll agree, and sleep a little less easily. But even if you don't, there is still the scene of Anne Francis skinnydipping. This alone is timeless.
