Forbidden Planet rates as landmark in science fiction, remain cautious within "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds will love it) while still playing with images and ideas of contemporary 1950s values. Morbius's secluded home is a modern design model with open spaces protruding into sculptures, gardens, a swimming pool and the ultimate home appliance: Robby the Robot. A housewife's dream! ' calls out the captain after lunch and demonstrates the robot's ability to synthesize food and decompose waste. <br /> <br /> Also unveiled in the 1950s: Fruity psychology puts its head in the Id explanation, though Morbius is it an outdated concept. There is a touch of the Pacific war drama in battle with the invisible monster and life aboard the saucer. Perhaps the time of the post-atom fear that science is the enemy, and arrogant scientists will unknowingly destroy destruction in their blind search for knowledge. <br /> <br /> Yet, the suburban drama offered by Forbidden Planet is uniquely fresh in the sci-fi genre. They are not swashbucklers or heroes, but ordinary sailors cross the galaxy with a servant's roughness and honesty. The good guys drive the flying saucer, and the aliens are so long gone, we don't even know what they look like - although their music there "atmospheric tonals" by Bebe and Louis Barron is remarkably futuristic today. The view of Morbius' house is truly alienated with winding cliffs and pink bonsai. The inside of the saucer is just this side of Buck Rogers. There is a lot of visual to keep. Although we get fantastic monsters and robots for the kiddies, Forbidden Planet is a cerebral movie, slow pace and talky. It works on many levels simultaneously: hard sci-fi against space adventure, philosophical against household. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all their space talk, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. Morbius' fatal discovery is a humble educational facility, a schoolhouse. The most interesting character is Morbius' daughter Altaira. After she had never seen a man, she was unashamedly approaching the crew. She is a post-Madonna teenager who designed her own space-age clothes and used every opportunity to change outfits - thought Christina Aguilera with a household replicator. Men watching the movie can see her as a naïve girl in a minidress, but every woman knows there's no such thing as a naïve girl in a minidress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for the humiliation of Leut with kisses. Unfortunately, we will never know if she "works" as he suspects, as the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her. She is the character that makes the important change in the movie. Shock that her father compared the dead Doc with the other "embeciles" in his landing party, turned away from her father, her home, to leave for Earth with the sailors. It is this act of resistance, of maturity, that sends Morbius's Id creation over the edge, which destroys its creator allegorically, as it did thousands of centuries earlier to Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe the Krell also has teenage girls ...?
