The only thing I knew about this movie before I saw it was Robby The Robot. My premise was that it was another in a long line of cheesy sci-fi flakes of which the 1950s were noticed. How wrong I was. Big studio, big budget and great production values ​​make it a strong contender, at least visually, for the best scientific film coming from the era. I qualify with the word visually, because "War of the Worlds" is much darker and scarcer than "Forbidden Planet" and probably fits the shape better than a forgery in the foreign territory. <br /> <br /> What impressed me immediately was the color scheme of cinematography, followed by the complexity and scope of detail involved in dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But it was just the prelude to the icing on the cake, the labyrinthine underground that served as the Krell fortress. It appears that Krell technology was even more advanced than Star Wars. What considered me back for this movie when it was released, probably put in the same kind of awe that theater-goers experienced with SW in 1977, or in 1986 with "Aliens". To see it on a big screen TV in my living room gave me the same effect, and I'm fairly resistant to hyperbola. <br /> <br /> It's not too much of a rack to propose "Forbidden Planet" as a direct antecedent of the 'Star Trek' TV series; Gene Roddenberry himself said the movie had a huge impact on his vision for the show. Successors to the short-lived series will easily recognize plural elements used in Star Trek. I had to do a double attempt when the United Planets Cruiser C57-V men went to a carrier room, while the confrontation presented Robby with an impossibility to respond was an element at least two or three times over. the ST series was used. <br /> <br /> Where the movie definitely has a cerebral turn, it relates to the whole idea of ​​'monsters of the Id'. The fact that Morbius himself uses his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV was definitely a unique concept for 1956, when every other scientific movie of the time dealt with Martians or other large-scale spatial creatures. The film worked its subtle magic on this viewer to help me understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV some time before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained it. <br /> <br /> You know, look at the calendar, the Year 2200 is not that far. This movie may be the one that gets it right, relative to exploring and delivering other planets. However, I think they should come with a slimmer version of Robby.
