I'm always so frustrated that the majority of science fiction films are really intergalactic western or war drama. Even Star Wars, which is visually brilliant, has one of its central images, a futuristic "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Imagine you get about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of which have an open shot and they are missing out. <br /> <br /> I read a lot of science fiction and wish there were more movies for the thinking person. Forbidden Planet, one of the earliest of the genre, is still one of the very best. The story is based on a long extinct civilization, the Krell, which created machines that can promote the intelligence of any creature by quantum leap. Unfortunately, for which they have not negotiated, the brain is a center for other thoughts than intellectuals. The primitive aspect of the brain, the Id, as Freud called it, may not be controlled. It is released into sleep, a bad dream comes to bodily existence. Walter Pigeon, dr. Morbius, the one who attacked his brain to this level, built machines and defenses that barely kept him one step ahead of the horrors of the recesses of his own mind. His thoughts create horrors he won't be able to defend soon. The Krell, a much better kind, couldn't stop it; it destroyed them. The landing party has never been of great importance to me. The rest of the actors are fairly interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and would certainly have made quite a reaction in the adolescent's fifties. Her father's ire is exacerbated by her innocence and the astronauts' wolf fifties (because they are more like construction workers at stake than true astronauts). They always try to find out "ladies". The cook is a great character, with his obsession with hooch. Robbie the Robot has much more personality than most of the crew, and one wonders if Mr. Spock may not be a soul mate for the literal thinking of this artificial creation. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star. Morbius cannot turn back and therefore he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fiction films worth more than once; it is one that can coast right into the 21st century.
