After Dark, My Sweet is a great, modern noir, full of seedy characters, gravel roads, and of course, sweet characters. It seems that most of the really great noirs of the last two or three decades have taken place in the South, where the men shine and the ladies, too, shine. Why? Because it hoooootttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt And because everyone looks better (at least the men do - sweat women leave me clammy). <br /> <br /> Anyway - there may be some spoilers here. <br /> <br /> This film is a great example of everything a noir should be - steady pacing (although some with attention deficiencies call it "slow"), clear and broadly drawn (though not simple) characters , and tons of atmosphere. Noir, anything, is about moods and attitudes. That's why the big ones aren't characterized by your traditional definitions of a big play (look at Bogart, Mitchum, Hurt and Nicholson - they (and their characters) were all but real - but they have style and sass and in a crime had movie exactly what you want). or quick adventures (again it seems all big noirs stay on a slow burn like a cigarette). Big noirs create an environment and you just live with the characters for a few hours. <br /> <br /> After Dark My Sweet, let's do it - and it lets you enjoy the company with some very interesting and complex characters. Uncle Bud and Collie are intriguing - never let the audience know what they really do. Patric and Dern (I love Bruce Dern, incidentally) is perfect, especially Dern (see previous comment). They take the basic outlines of a character and give them depth and generates our sympathy. <br /> <br /> The story itself is also interesting. There are better plots in the world of noir (almost any mystery here - mostly it is tension), but this one is solid. If anything, the simple "okay" plot has more to do with Jim Thompson's writing than anything else. At Thompson sites are almost secondary; he disrupted the labyrinthine stories of Hammett and Chandler for the simpler stories with stronger, confusing characters. Look at a novel like The Killer Inside Me and you will immediately see (of the title) what it is about. When it comes to Thompson, that's not what it's about, that's how it's about (quote Roger Ebert). So, really, the relatively simple plot of a kidnapping is not the point, and if you don't like it, make the jokes on you. <br /> <br /> Why it's a 8ster movie rather than a 10ster one, is because of the female head. She's not bad, but she's not Angelica Huston or Anette Benning (see the adaptation of Jim Thompson's The Grifters if you don't know what I'm talking about - besides, it's a better movie and you have to start there for contemporary noir - This is the best of the 1990s and challenges Blood Simple for the title of the best since Chinatown). She just doesn't have the chops (or look for that matter) and although she and Patric have chemistry, I don't have it with her. So there.
