I think "Anyway ..." is a kick-ass movie. Really. Tom Barman spends years like that, and it shows: every scene is polished, has a meaning ... I think it's the most common. One thing many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of the story. I fear it will be an effect of us being overwhelmed with a "traditional" storytelling all the time. I mean, what you can achieve with a book, you can't reach with a movie, which you can reach with a movie, can't reach it by just telling it to a friend. The problem is that we are so used to movies, series, ... just being a filmed version of a story; a visual recording of events - just as you look at the news - we expect every movie to have these epic features: a strong story with very unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people watch television in the news, in movies, series, ... very unusual things, one-off life situations. And here, in "Anyway ..." there are unusual events, but not in the same "Hollywood big blast" kind of way: guy is being fired, paired, car is stolen ... and of course many ordinary things. And it's strong: just to appreciate it, that universe, it's art. And I agree that especially what can only be achieved in movies, the atmosphere created by the score and photography is central. But not as in traditional visual films (visual block busters like the Matrix); It serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in every shot you feel the love Tom Barman has for Antwerp and urban lifestyle. And he has no sense in this movie, like teaching us something; and he doesn't have a big story to tell with incredible scenario aspirations. He just shows everyday people with everyday lives, he shows a city, all with their good and bad sides and says: it is us, this is our city, it's life, let's enjoy it. So basically, "Anyway ..." is not just that super-gruesome movie, it also has a much stronger "message" (it's not explicit, maybe not even meant) than most movies that really plan is to pass a message. One drawback: now we have to wait five years to see the next Barman photo, and everyone will expect so much.
