WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, is like all the Sirk's middle 50's films - pure melodrama. Yet, it is spectacular, richly developed melodrama, and Sirk's brand-like color expressionism, throbbing, barely suppressing emotions, symbolism, and class opposites make it a movie to desire. <br /> <br /> The film opens brilliantly, with the four central characters and the plot being introduced as the credits still roll. Sirk uses a clever flashback structure to take us into his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are great like the two Hadley kids, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with men. Both are worth millions, thanks to the Hadley oil business. Hunky, but poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's lifelong friend, and Marylee's dream lover. Come in this mischievous mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slender, attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's charm, after picking up a phone and flying one night across the countryside. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle wins her. They get married quickly, and Kyle stops drinking. But the fate seems to have been written on the wind, and it is not long before Marylee (who will have a marriage or a marriage) Mitch, a secret Mitch, the confused Lucy and the sad drunk Kyle will blow . ... <br /> <br /> Malone is just as wonderful as Marylee Hadley, who deserves her best supporting actress Oscar. She steals every scene she is in. Stack is almost as good, strengthening the melodrama while still maintaining subtle and silent despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more limited than the two, but this is in line with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So, what are all these melodramas really about? Well, lots of things. Stack's powerful portrait of male inadequacy and fear, for one thing. Sirk surrounds Stack with phallic symbols throughout the film. Notice his small firearm, the oil edges and the ultimate phallic symbol, Kyle's apparent inability to conceive children. Stack seems to be suffering from a massive male superiority complex, made worse by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's desire for Hudson, and she suspects that his wife is in progress with Hudson. With all this wealth, Kyle Hadley still ends in the wrong end of town, buying cheap maize liquor like a "bum". <br /> <br /> It's about impossible dreams and must release them. The river where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch used to play as their children, is continually referred to by the film, symbolizing Kyle and especially Marylee's wish for the innocence and simplicity of the youth. In an excellent melodramatic scene, drawn entirely by Malone, Marylee stands by the river and presents herself again as a child, with a voice over Mitch telling Marylee that she will always be his girlfriend. This is where Sirk hits a big emotional cord with the viewer. Who didn't dream of going back to that special place in childhood? Who didn't live on a valuable memory at some time? Who didn't want something they couldn't have? And Hudson's last line of the movie (yes, he gets no dialogue in the last 10 or so minutes, only close-ups) recalls how "far from the river, Marylee" came. Amazing.
