Director Douglas Sirk once said: "There is a very short distance between high art and trash, and garbage found to be innocent is closer to art." This statement perfectly defines his theater, a very unique piece of work that includes classic stage adjustments, adventure and war movies, western and of course his famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> As the word means, Sirk's melodramas were dramas with music. The music sets the tone for its masterful style, and every stroke of its brush (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful image on the screen-turned cloth. But it is not life, but its representation, an imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation made better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the right thing. Let us remember that his golden age coincides with the time when Hollywood films have his attention in the social drama (Blackboard Jungle, Rebel without a cause). Sirk always knew that the theater was something else. <br /> <br /> Another of Sirk's statements outlines this: "You can't reach or touch the rights. You just see reflections. If you try to understand happiness, your fingers will only touch glass. "I defend someone who has written on the wind to count the number of mirrors and images that appear on the screen. One ends up giving up. <br /> <br /> That's why we're in a hall full of mirrors Where there is no difference between true and his false copy, no one can say that the Hadley are real people, nor is that town, with the spicy oil pumps everywhere, so in this world the play is affected. the decore is fake, the trick is visible, everything is pushed a bit off the ground (the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with, for example, the oil tower) .Sirk was criticized and theorized at the same time. is the director's mind, the lighting is his philosophy. "In Written by the Wind, we follow the fall of a traditional way of life, both geometrically and in terms of light and shadow. levels connected by the spiral staircase work in a strictly metaphorical manner A house that looks like a mausoleum, that no party can be raised. As the tragedy progresses from light daylight to shade night, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, and so are the colors of the clothes they wear. Drama is therefore included in each element of the director's craft. <br /> <br /> Sirk sees himself as a story baker, bowing to the standard material he has assigned to his style and purpose. Written on the wind is a good example. It won't work in any other hands. <br /> <br /> The other director using similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who for the 50's comedy was the same as Sirk for melodrama. Their films are full of the machines of American life advertising, television sets, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to portray its emptiness and decay. I tend to think that their movies are viewed differently by their contemporary audiences. The game was played on both sides, so it was camp. Now we see them as "cult" or "bizarre" because we are no longer those spectators. That is why Todd Haynes's tribute changes "far from heaven" into a pastiche, because it works today for Sirk's work as if nothing happened in between. Then Sirk turns exactly into the painting hanging in the art gallery that discusses Julianne Moore and the gardener in the aforementioned film. <br /> <br /> Sirk understood the elements of melodrama perfectly. There were always real characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here), with which he could collect a series of split children. His balance through antithesis is remarkable and not surprising, we root for the divided characters, because that is what Sirk is also interested in. When Robert Stack flies the plane and Lauren Bacall flies with all kinds of worldly moods of the world (clear Faustic echoes), we are also very strange to him, as we are when the devilish nymphomaniac sister painfully raises her past with Mitch alone river. <br /> <br /> In the Sirk's universe, the studio often has happy ends having a negative impact. In fact, they just worked fantastic. Sirk loved the Greek tragedy and was lucky with the Deux ex machinea of ​​his day. So, the final courtroom scene fits well and one should also remember that the whole movie is being told in flashback, so we know from the beginning that the tragedy will still fall over the Hadley fever. <br /> <br /> It is pointed out the many similarities between written on the wind with the godfather saga. I totally agree and I'm sure the parallel is not coincidental. Both share the theme of the old, powerful father's head trying to keep its empire while protecting its family. The temperamental boy portrayed by Robert Stack has a tremendous physical resemblance to Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone. The action of fighting her sister's male friend is symmetrical. The non-boy in which the old man has his trust is also common in both films, like the fact that both families carry the names of their town. Even details like the gate that gives access to the property and the area of ​​the house covered by leaves indicate that Coppola kept in mind when drafting his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the topic of Power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and legacy (even Kyle Hadley's sterility, the turbulence event, is a problem easily linked to the central theme of Power, in this a weakness in sexual power). The other big movie that deals with power and uses American life as a representative is Citizen Kane. One does not even think of the similarities between Welles and Sirk's films, but there are many that start with the petrol business as the origin of the family's fortune and end in the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), like Charles Foster Kane, was taken by a tutor, with his own father alive. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) performs both Wayne and Kane's fathers. This detail is not coincidental. <br /> <br /> Written on the Wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in performance and vision, in style and technique, a highlight in the career of this wonderful director. Some say it's their best movie. According to me, 'Magnificent obsession', 'All that heaven allows', 'There is always tomorrow' and 'Imitation of life' is just as good. And for those who place Sirk on the Dallas or Dinasty level, I don't wish them a happy ending.
