I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. To retrieve the previous judge's remarks, I feel the claustrophobic feeling and color of the film, and I give the feeling of limited space, carrier architecture, overall drabness that makes up the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe . A little loose housing project style is how I will describe it, and that's how many people live on the outskirts of larger cities. I cannot say that I am familiar with Bucharest, Romania where the action unfolded, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for a semester, my entire group of seven stories had to drag some steps from a detached student dorm building just as the heroine does when she moving in with a woman, because the elevators are not working. But I agree with the reviewer that the claustrophobia and muted colors are exaggerated, because there are surely beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or in any historic center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest's don't have much of it got some material in this movie. For me, this movie looks at the claustrophobia I feel during my half year, stays there, feels trapped and restricted. (It shows you why someone wants to immigrate and find a better life, just like humans, if they hope to escape from an urban ghetto of the United States.) <br /> <br /> Also, given the climate from homophobia, says, About the US in the 1980s, the two young women who fall in love with each other are forced to keep their love a very private affair; so focus on their interaction in the apartment. It is remarkable and commendable in my view that this queer themed film was even made in Romania, and I find the complaint of the previous reviewer about poor film quality fairly uninformed and condescending. It is unlikely that the director and producer had much government support and funding for their movie and they did the best with their potentially limited resources. The actors were pretty good and credible; The dialogue was generally well done, and I could identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an extra twist to those of forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic, love-free, free spirit with a dark, disturbing secret (her admiration and love for an abusive , boisterous brother, Sandu, falls in love with Alexandra, a shiny, book-like, idealistic young woman who goes to Bucharest to begin her studies. Attracting contradictions, their personalities seem to complement each other, although there is tension between the ambitious, educational, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who apparently attend university to please her parents. To keep their love for their parents hidden, it seems manageable, although we do not get the stress they need, and we also do not see or meet other students - hard to believe - and the tension their love secret holds entails. The biggest threat to their love is Kiki's brother and her problem trying to get her relationship with him worse. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give her the power she needs to eventually experience this band or do it? That's what the tension of the film is, as the story develops, and I won't say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love "illness" is not love for another woman, but her illegal, offensive love for her brother. So, the love of a woman offers the potential healing of the disease to love a brother or sister. <br /> <br /> Although this feeling of this movie is choked and claustrophobic, limited to interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, it was still tempting and moving to watch, so I'll give it a 7.
