At the Academy Awards on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Oscar for Best Supporting Oscar for her fiery, over-the-top portrayal of a Texas heir-ravaged heir to WRITTEN ON THE WIND. The 1956 pot boiler, adapted from Robert Wilder's novel, was a true tri-ring circus that shows alcoholism, greed, impotence and nimfomania. <br /> <br /> Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a lonely rich man who picks up men. loving the pain of rejecting an early childhood was representative of the film as a whole. Scary to watch, even if it exceeds the "lowest-common denominator" melodrama, WRITTEN ON THE WIND is finally the work of one man, the incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, an emigrant from pre-World War 2 Weimar Germany which is its European theater heritage behind a career in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> A very erudite man, Sirk made himself a name for himself in the 1950s as Universal Studios' trusted director of cute soap operas, especially with Ross Hunter's POWERFUL OBSESSION, ALL HEAVEN'S ADMISSIONS AND IMITATION OF LIVES. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith gave Sirk the opportunity to work beyond the limitations of Universal's demure entertainment and create a more mature, sensational product, hence the sultry WIND and the succession of 1957's TARNISHED ANGELS, both released under the Universal International banner. It is anyone's guess why Sirk did not pursue the higher themes, but apparently these exaggerated dramas addressed his artistic sensitivity directly. WRITTEN ON THE WIND can be considered Sirk's epic soap opera; Indeed, it is so common with human vulnerability and neurosis as portrayed among the very rich that it is so compelling to look at any real household bump among the rich and famous, perhaps more. Robert Stack (not an actor commonly known as an excess player) suits almost Malone in intensity with his offer from the unpopular brother, Kyle Hadley, a mere shadow of his patriarchal father. When he discovers that he cannot fertilize his new bride (a beautiful leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes out of the way, which is already raising a serious drinking problem with a "secret" gun fetish threatening him bomb to make. . Both brothers and sisters, as kind and unpleasant as them, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them less monsters (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family, especially Bacall and the Impossibly attractive Rock Hudson, young Hadley's old boy friend and business partner, a surrogate son for the old man and Malone's unattainable object of desire.) Despite all the household cohabitation on display, it is not so much the story that is not director Sirk draw his audience in this picture with the most enhanced Technicolor cinematography imaginable: every single shot in this movie is an eye-filling cloth of saturated colors. , from the eyes of a tanky pink Cadillac reaching to a huge mansion's front doors to the curly décor of a luxury Miami hotel, a variety of colors that are almost blinded to their diversity. and dramatic scenes contain Sirk's proficient use of angular camera angles, shadow lighting and cross-display, to the greatest effect in the scene, where a rebellious, drunken Malone has finished undisturbed in her bedroom for the harsh blaring of a record player while she hit. father raises the big staircase conditionally; The scene is so sound that you swear you are experiencing a great oedipal drama. What you really look like is dirty with a very entertaining type, excited in light Technicolor and perfectly polished by a visual genius.
