I first looked at this issue in 1987 and was emotionally hit by a combination of guilt that my fellow white people could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities. /> <br /> Particularly moving was the funeral of Steve Biko, even more bright and difficult by the South African Anthem who played at the time. I have long believed that this movie has reached what no one else has managed - to open the eyes of the world to what really happens in South Africa. I consider myself a normal right thinking person and I can testify how this film has changed my whole mindset of not only South Africa, but how we as white people view black people. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or faith, but after the movie I physically changed my life and for the past 17 years I have remained in a predominantly black country and helped many people to rise above their current standard of living and what they didn't think would be possible. I received the greatest reward I can honestly say - to say that I have contributed a little and corrected in my own little way. But if more people like me thought and actually did something to help black people without seeking rewards, then the whole black population of this planet would be a little better off. <br /> <br /> I challenge any right thinking person to cry. Freedom from beginning to end, and not feeling emotion sticking out at your heart, as you refuse to teach the 700 schoolchildren who were brutally shot dead in Sharpville, the senseless murder of Steve Biko, such a champion for his own people 's rights and then, finally, to understand that it is not just a movie, even if it is a wonderful one, but it actually happened and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and see if you can go out later and get a hard party. I couldn't. I was too upset to know the truth. This is the hallmark of a good movie. Of course, Sir Richard Attenborough's intention was to get this message across South Africa. Of course he did. Unless you support apartheid. God helps you.
