What a brilliant movie. I will admit that this subject is very ambitious. Within two and a half hours it is also a very long film. But none of these points are any mistakes. Cry Freedom, despite the slight flaws it may have, is a powerful, moving and compelling film about the story of the black activist Steve Biko in his struggle to awaken South Africa to the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People have also complained that the movie suffers too much Woods, not enough. I may be wrong, but although it is Biko's story, it is told in Woods' perspective, so Woods is an important character to transport Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom visually looks incredible. With cinematography and the beautiful South African landscape, it was a visual festival. The opening styles were shot especially brilliantly. George Fenton's music brought real dramatic weight to most scenes. It was subtle in scenes in the second half, but moving and dramatic in the crowd. The writing was of extraordinary quality, the court zone with Biko was enough to make you really think, it's really quality stuff. The first half with Biko as main focus constantly has something to feel emotional, whether it's the police's attack on South African citizens or Biko's death. The second half about Donald Woods carries less of an emotional punch, but is compensated by how it shot, executed and written. And there are also parts that are really stressful. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional from the whole game, from the smallest character to the two, there wasn't a single bad show. Regardless of the accents it is, it is so easily forgiven by how many performances you draw. Denzel Washington in one of his more underrated performances, gives a really compelling show as Biko and Kevin Kline show he can be so good. on drama as he is on comedy, because he has given a passionate subtle performance to suit that of Washington. And the two men's chemistry is credible and never hits a false note. Penelope Wilton is beautiful as Donald's wife, Wendy, and she's a big actress anyway. Out of the supportive actions, and there can be a bias, two stood out for me. One was Timothy West, who welcomed his role as Captain DeWet. The other was the exceptionally exceptional John Thaw in a brilliant chilling cameo role as Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough's direction is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, a great movie. Ambitious and long it is but never stopping to be forceful, powerful and painful. A definite winner of Lord Richard Attenborough, and worthy of much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
