"The true story of the friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi," wanted to bring the story of Steve Biko to life, and the journey and trouble that journalist Donald Woods had to get . telling his story. The movies use Wood's two books for his information and base - "Biko" and "Ask for Problems". <br /> <br /> The film takes place in the late 1970s, in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid, which separates the blacks from the whites and classifies the whites as the superior race. The blacks are forced to live in the urban areas on the outskirts of cities and towns, and they are regularly harassed by the police and the army. We see a dawn attack on a coastal strip, as bulldozers and armed police are beating their way through the camp and even killing the people. Then we are introduced to Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular newspaper. After Woods published a negative story about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods met him. The two are firstly careful, but soon they become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from a black person's point of view to Woods. It encourages Woods to speak against what is happening around him, and makes him desperate to bring Steve Biko's story out of the white man's South Africa and the world. Soon Steve Biko will be arrested and murdered in jail. Now, Woods and his family are brave to escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of "Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a movie entirely dedicated to Steve Biko's life. I have never heard of Steve Biko before I saw this movie, as the events in this movie were really ahead of me. But it's more about Donald Woods' story and she travels across the border to Lesotho when he tried to evade South African officials. Woods was placed on a five-year house arrest after Steve Biko was murdered. To publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript will be considered a betrayal in South Africa, and it could have led to Woods being a lot similar to Biko's. Lawyer Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants for this film. <br /> <br /> For the first time, Denzel Washington is in the movie and I was disappointed because I expected him to see the whole movie. But he was wonderful like Steve Biko, and captured his personality from what I read well and his accent sounded perfect. His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline performs excellent and thoughtful performance as Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is excellent as his wife, Wendy. <br /> <br /> Filming took place in Zimbabwe, as it was unnecessary to say that problems arose when trying to film it. in South Africa. While in South Africa, the South African gesture followed the film staff everywhere. They followed the bad vibes and they came out and went to neighboring Zimbabwe. In spite of everything, and the fact that apartheid did not end until seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But theaters that feature the movie have received bomb threats. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough puts on display the horrors of apartheid with extreme strength and determination. He didn't stick to the end of the movie, as it was a peaceful protest from students who were in a shantytown. It becomes a massacre if the police are on fire. The film ends with the names of all the anti-apartheid fighters who have died in prison and the explanations for their deaths. Many had "No Explanation". Much was "epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and much more has fallen from the top of the staircase or "Suicide of Hanging". No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it's fair to say that none of these men died on their own, but in the hands of others; or to be more accurate, in the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a must-see movie for his portrayal and story of Steve Biko. It is also a devastating and devastating representation of a beautiful country divided and in the hell of racial segregation and violence.
