CRY FREEDOM is an excellent foundation for those who want an overview of apartheid's cruelty in a matter of hours. Well-known director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is definitely no stranger to the genre, and the co-operation of the real Mr. A wife. Woods, the main character in their book and in this film, gives further authenticity to CRY Freedom. The video now released is actually a little over 2 and a half hours since 23 minutes of extra footage has been added to make it a two-part TV miniseries after the movie's initial theater release. While the added length increases the forgiveness of the film, namely uneven character development and stereotyping of the blanket, another possible mistake (the insistence on the white characters' fate over the Africans) can work out as a force. Look at CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically educational film (as I think it should be about his artistic merit), the story is one that black Africans just know too well, although the younger generation should now see it on the film for full impact . These are the whites who have always been the movie and the target audience of the book, which they hopefully changed. Now twelve years after the film's production, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting movie to watch. Nearly ten years after the black majority government was at least theoretically in place, 1987's CRY Freedom ideas remained largely unrealized. It still remains essential for white South Africans, especially the younger people who have only heard of these actions to see it and record the film's messages. In the total contrast with American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, South Africans' struggle was told by only two or three stories: CRY Freedom, CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, Count it twice if you include the remake), and SARAFINA (Did I miss it?). All three dramas also feature many white and black roles of American and British actors. Not one South African actor played a big role, white, brown, Indian or Black!). And yes, I also miss an international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) biopsy was released after black majority government was introduced, MANDELA was played by a black American (Sidney Poitier, who also played in the original SA theme CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY), while the Afrikaner DeKlerk was played a (bald) many British Michael Caine, a good show if you can deny that the essence of Afrikaner is fierce anti-British feelings. Until local SABC television and African movies begin to handle their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is about as authentic as you get. As randomly as the whites (especially the Afrikaners) are portrayed in the film, any acting (non-accidental) visitor to South Africa, even in 1999, is not mentioned in 1977 when CRY Freedom takes place. , even underestimated. Looking at CRY Freedom, it's amazing that reconciliation can't happen at all, and it is. But CRY Freedom on time shows that not much has been in many people's minds, and that the Black Afrikaners' goal of freedom and reconciliation is still ongoing. That's why if you are a beginner at the situation, CRY Freedom is your best introduction.
