In some ways, the Revenge of Kriemhild surpasses Siegfried's Death, but it also loses some of the movie's greatness. The plot of this one is more coherent than the first, which is quite surprising. The second half of the actual poem is very shabby and a lot harder to go through, until it comes to the climates; Only the Iliad is better. Long and Harbou decorated the Huns. The poet-compiler of the Nibelungen song does not know a Hun from his right ball, and as a result they are more or less the same as the Burgundians in the habit. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a heathen (which is Kriemhild's greatest concern, because Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she comes to Hunland, the first thing she does is go to the mass . The Huns here are clearly heathens; they are almost like cavemen. The portrayal of them is hilarious, especially Verbal, the jester, who has two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character is given more weight. He is much more formidable. All he does is his fate in the original poem. Long and Harbou is masterful to build up tension, especially at the banquet scene, which is cut with Verbal's second show with a wonderful effect. Just like the nature of this half of the poem, the surprising technical achievements of the film are lacking in this one, mostly, except for a brilliant sequence where Etzel's hall is burnt with the Nibelungs. The one thing I object to is the way Harbou changes the end. SPOILERS: In the poem, after Hildebrand Hagen and Gunther catch, they were captured. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he hid the horde. He refuses and deprives herself of her brother. When Hagen refuses, she covers him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusting that a woman would suspect that a great warrior is being killed, which he in turn overcalls and calls her a devil's wife. Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something silly like, "Oh, I!" I can understand why they want to keep a unity of time and place as Hildebrand brings them out of the castle; To keep the prison institutions from the two deaths, the film would be very anti-clumsy. I also understand why they did not kill Hildebrand, Kriemhild murdered: his character is greatly reduced here; its name is only mentioned once. But to kill Kriemhild himself and take Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources is just to care for the audience instead of challenging them. The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond what it must be in the kingdom of pure evil. Here we just killed her for her lost love. It's not that interesting.
