Office 1: How Kriemhild Roug About Siegfried And How King Attila Woos Her By His Ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlarn: Kriemhild (Margarete Schön) insists on having the head of the murderer of her beloved husband, Hagen Tronje (Hans Adalbert Schlettow) But her brother, King Gunther (Theodor Loos), refused her request. When King Attila of the Huns Kriemhild lived by his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar, she oathed him in the name of his king that no one would ever insult her. Hagen Tronje hides the Nibelungen treasure in the bottom of a lake. Canto 2: How Kriemhild leaves her homeland and how she was received by King Attila: Kriemhild brings an earth from where Siegfried died and travels to the court of the Huns, where she is welcomed by Attila herself, who also promises her to defend. <br /> <br /> Kanto 3: How King Attila besieges Rome and how Kriemhild calls her brothers: When Kriemhild delivers a baby boy, Attila returns to his empire and asks Kriemhild what she wants most to do with her. please. She asked him to invite her brothers to come to his kingdom. Canto 4: How Kriemhild receives her brothers: Kriemhild insists on having Hagen Tronje's head, but her brothers keep their friends and their friends back. Don't accept her request. <br /> <br /> Canto 5: How the dogs celebrated the summer stand with the Nibelungen: Kriemhild asks Attila to kill Hagen Tronje, but he refuses in accordance with the laws of the desert, a gas becomes sacred consider Kriemhild offers gold to the Hums for the head of Hagen Tronje. There is a battle, and Hagen Tronje kills Attila's son. Canto 6: The Nibelungen's Need: The Huns are losing the battle against the Nibelungen, but are under siege in Attila's castle. Kriemhild promises to save their lives, provided they deliver Hagen Tronje, but her brother Gunther says that the German people are loyal to their friends. Canto 7: The Nibelungen's End: After the death of Rüdiger von Bechlarn, Giselher and Gernot, Hagen Tronje and Guhther are finally captured. Kriemhild kills Hagen Tronje and ends her revenge with the destruction of the Nibelungen. <br /> <br /> The closure of Siegfried's poetic saga by "Kriemhild's Revenge" is also told by seven dramatic offices. The nature of the first part is a wonderful story of fantasy, adventure, romance and betrayal; The second part is a dramatic story of hatred, revenge and loyalty. The solid screenplay with a perfect development of the characters, the excellent performances of the cast and the wonderful direction of Fritz Lang rendered another epic prosperity. Margarete Schön is impressive with a completely different woman, obsessed and inflexible in her revenge. Kriemhild's costumes are also very impressive, and her acting is based on her face and look. I was a little disappointed by Attila's reaction to the death of his only son, as I found it too passive. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Os Nibelungos ?? Parte II: A Vingança die Kriemshild" ("The Nibelungen Part II: Kriemhild's Revenge")
