An absurdly hilarious and eye-catching human story of jealousy and non-believers engaging in cyber marriage is Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz's "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora", or "The Revenge of a Kinematograph Cameraman", packed with highly effective stop-motion puppetry and no shortage of imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and mrs. Beetle has a completely unrelenting marriage and both desire more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle's desires can only be done by the beautiful exotic dancer at the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub he visits every time he travels to the city. She is the only one who understands him. A fellow fan of this dancer, an aggressive locust, is jealous of Mr. Beetle stole his wife and, as fate would have, he is also a filmmaker. The false locust follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance with a hotel room, where he plays his exploitation through the keyhole. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Mrs. Beetle also gained a friend to give excitement to her life. . He is an artist, and he brings her a painting for a present before they both establish intimacy on the couch. At that moment, Mr. Beetle returned to the house and saw the whole spectacle. Like Mr. Beatle through the front door, the artist friend climbs up the chimney, but he escapes without Mr. Beetle first pours out his anger and frustration on him. There is a certain irony In the statement that follows: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." He's gracious enough to forgive her, yet he was just as unbelieving just a few minutes earlier. At this stage, however, we did not forget the jealous filmmaker who made his revenge and it was no surprise when he appeared to be the projectionist for the film that Mr. A wife. Attend Beetle. Suddenly, the film in the movie they enjoy is the footage of Mr. Beetle's infidelity, and the angry woman, hit him over the head with an umbrella before the scared and angry man jumped through the theater screen for the locust. <Br /> <br /> In the final scene, Mr. Mrs. and mrs. Beetle, now more appreciative of each other, time in jail for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge. We do hope that "the home life of the Beetles will be less exciting in the future?" This movie may be a mere story of the coming of a tiny insect species, but Starewicz communicates so much more than that. It's not a story about beetles ?? this is a story about us. And it's incredibly accurate, isn't it?
