For animation buffs it is a must, but even general audiences enjoy the CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, a very early example of pixilation by hard-working pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his helpers manipulated a variety of flexible insect figures to tell this story. It paved the way for Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and legions of modern digital power creators. <br /> <br /> THE ROOM AMERICAN INCOME is only about 10 minutes long, but includes very amusing detail. The story follows the amorous adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub, hotel, theater, and finally a prison. There are two short dance numbers at the night club (carried out by a frog and a dragonfly), a villain between a beetle and a locust, and a big donnybrook at the theater, ending with the projector bursting in flames . Beautifully worked out 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor just started MacCay, and Walt Disney was still in high school! <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to note the impact of changing a Stilfilm's title cards on the story. I saw two versions of this movie, seen by two video companies. They returned them, and although the image content itself is almost identical, two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories. (And the plot sketched someone provided above, tells a third story, indicating that there is another version somewhere there.) The British film institute's pressures, which rhyme subtitles, tell the story of two brothers and sisters each married in secret. this information from each other in order to inherit their late father's fortune. The other, Russian pressure, tells a simpler story of married beetles who are each guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the nightclub "Gay Dragonfly" while brother Bill Beetle visits his wife in the English version. Personally, I prefer the straight - and spits - Russian story; The BFI version tries to plot too much that should be a simple story, and some of the rhymes are a bit uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Yet, in any version, the CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a beautiful movie, and would make an ideal introduction to the other great animated work containing beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
