Mary Pickford often said that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie. Well said! She played twice and for this version she made herself, she had to buy not only the rights of Adolph Zukor, but even give credit on the capital card. Needless to say her portrayal of this role is winning most here. In fact, I think the movie itself is one of the everyday great experiences of silent cinema. True, director John S. Robertson does not move his camera an inch from start to finish, but in Robertson's skilled hands it is not only important but is probably more effective. A first-rate creative artist, Robertson is a master of fit, camera angles and mounting. He also drew brilliant natural performances from all his players. Jean Hersholt, who performs heavily, is so scandalous, it's hard to believe it's the same man as friendly, Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes is one of the best acting works of his entire career. This is probably not the way Mrs. White didn't mean it, but it did great because otherwise we would have been unable to explain why the dope spent a fortune on the defense, but didn't make the slightest effort to find out who shot the gun that killed his future! Needless to say, this exceptional quality of the good hero is being shot down by Jack Ging in the decorated 1960s version, which also completely removes the author's cunning attack in middle-class Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest surprises a pause or two here at the break, but then we make no effort to assist our spicy little heroine in performing duties he himself was supposed to administer . This is a very moving scene because it is so realistically presented. <br /> <br /> "Tess" also provides an insight into the work of another fine actor, Gloria Hope, whose work was totally limited to silent cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to spend her life entirely with her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976, easily contactable in Pasadena, but I'm sure no one had the brain to support her. Losing another opportunity! <br /> <br /> Forrest Robinson just made a mediocre impression as Skinner. I thought he was a little overlooked and a brief look at his filmography proves it: He usually played priests or judges! But David Torrence was excellent. <br /> <br /> Overall, an expensive production with beautiful photography and wonderful production values.
