If it was the original 1914 version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY (also Mary Pickford), I would probably have rated it much higher as this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was very typical of the teenagers. By 1922, however, this film had already begun to show its age. And compared to many of me. Pickford's other films (such as DADDY LONGLEGS, SAVERS, MY BEST GIRL and SODES), come a little short of TESS - and not every Pickford movie deserves a 10 (though she was America's Love). saying it's a bad movie - it's definitely not, but I just can't see how much this movie has given a 10. <br /> <br /> The movie has a very long and complicated Plot - especially because most of the films of the era were shorter.A rich old stool builds a house on the top of a hill next to the river. He tries to find a variety of ways to get them out of the country, one ending in a tragedy, when his daughter's fiancé is murdered in a pussy with the pussy. accused of being murdered is old Mary's father, although he is innocent, to make matters worse, the only witness of the real murder will not speak and the dead man has his fiancee got pregnant! So, at this stage we have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed and a pregnant woman who is afraid to tell her holy father, she is "on the family road". There's a ton more on the movie, as the crank's son falls in love with Mary, but it's best to just watch the movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> The movie is in some ways excellent. The plot is also very complicated and is also interesting and cinematography is on top. The very last scene is also very cute. However, there is so much open-mindedness that you can cut it with a knife practically. Maria is so good and so sweet and so tired, sometimes the viewer can find it all a bit difficult. While it worked well in 1922 (making it the largest star in the world), today it is very dated. This is not true of all her films, but this one is definitely. <br /> <br /> By the way, the Image Entertainment DVD is of decent quality, although a few scenes are poorly degraded - something not surprising in view of the age of the movie. Also, the only extras included are a short filmography.
