Madhur Bhandarkar gave it all raw. But the best part is that he didn't forget to give the ingredients. It came shortly and sharply to the viewer and that is the audience that is making the choice now. Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth, regardless of the roughness attached to it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys her work. A simple and peaceful life welcomes her with a caring boyfriend and a nice roommate Pearl. She covers the nation today, where she has a very supportive editor Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.). But life turns to her as she hits the first blow and takes her away from crime and goes to Crime. bit. Omigosh! There is a whole new world waiting there. She is shocked, excited, amazed at the revelation. Her reaction resulted in the job being lost. At the end she is back to page 3. Now, when she meets a celebrity in a party, she knows the real look of each one, hidden under the illusory face. <br /> <br /> The movie has a message and it's rough. The audience should get it in their own color. The theme and the script were fantastic. There are some very good thoughts used to prepare the audiences. As the foreplay club is shown before the pedophilia show, the short thrill for gay action in the bathroom. The dialogue is strong and the actors are really good at delivering it. Charu Mohanty's two words speak volumes and he is very successful in expressing the two words with such ingenuity. This has an impact. The set choices could have been better. The songs are not everywhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high impact. There were some bugs visible. Atul Kulkarni explains Konkan Sharma that honesty must be marked with intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue because it looks like a sermon. The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does not call for action. That scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a must-see movie with selective options for the pedophilia incident. It can spoil your mood.
