Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film, which is supposed to expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous, while also commenting on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> Celebrities celebrate endlessly, they want to be seen at these parties, and to get into the media because of exposure. In fact, the film will believe that this exposure makes celebrities out of socialites and the newspapers have a big hand in this. IMO there is much more synergy between the celebrities and the media and this is a "I need you, you needed me" kind of relationship. However, the media need more acquaintances and not the other way around. Anyway, in this constant party environment, the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma is thrown. She is shown as this celebrity maker, very popular at social gatherings. She has a good friend in the gay Abhijeet and in the struggling model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She's leaving with an airwoman? the sauce Pearl (Sandhya Mridul), and a struggling actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The newspaper editor is Boman Irani and a firearm crime reporter is played by Atul Kulkarni. The movie has almost too many plot changes and characters, but works on a certain level. The rich seem to be mostly rotten at the core. The movie biz has shown that it is best with casting scenarios, power exploitation, hunger for media exposure. In all of these things is layered in homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that doesn't have much to do with the story or plot, unbridled drug use, pedophilia, police's "encounter" deaths. In light of all this Pearl's desire to have a super rich man, a social daughter experiencing a sexual encounter in a car, the bitching women seem benign. <br /> <br /> The movie has been absolutely outstanding by Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? a pity in my opinion. But the supporting role is more than capable (Boman Irani is very good). That's what saves the movie for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites much more than he can chew or process on celluloid and makes the movie a free for all bash. I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of community disorder and investigated them more effectively. He relies on social exploitation, but himself uses all the masala ingredients needed for a movie to be successful. We have an item number under a Bollywood theme party, the extinct children dance a perfect choreographic dance to a Western beat. I hope the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar dares to demolish even more of the Hindi movie stereotype ingredients. The movie is a brave (though flawed) effort, definitely worth watching.
