Page 3 is one of those films that Madhur Bhandarkar makes to uncover common garbage. The movie is compelling, but like most of Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and too pessimistic. This film is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film exposes the lives of social people, whose lifestyle is disastrous, exhilarating, peculiar and repulsive. Their party, they give nothing but fame, they plan parties at funerals, they seek more money and a higher reputation. They will do anything to get the media into the media, to express their names on the daily newspaper's social pressures. column known as "Page 3" with great photos that will be the center of people's discussions. They are looking for attention, sloppy and hypocrite. The film industry is shown as sleazy, with the casting bank a common feature among filmmakers. That's where our lovely heroine, a young social column reporter, Madhvi Sharma, is thrown. All these people from Mumbai's elite depend on her articles and she is the right person to befriend these parties if you want to call her in her article. Later in the film we learn that even those who are Madhvi's friends are no different from those of the high society. It was hard to see for me, although the movie is undoubtedly brave and interesting. <br /> <br /> The music of the movie is average. The only customizable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", which were sung by the two melody queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. One song that was particularly terrible was "Filmy Very Filmy". The film's writing is pretty good. The second half is much better than the first, as it matters more and exposes many important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. That's where the appeal must be completed. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes and Konkona Sen Sharma's character was very easy to relate to. She was excellent in the film and her play in the last few scenes was particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni's part was very small, but he made it right. Boman Irani is solid as the newspaper's editor. Sandhya Mridul loves Madhvi's sassy roommate Pearl who marries an elderly man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The film's end is really well done, and offers some sigh of relief to the incredibly difficult proceedings. Page 3 is a good movie, it is interesting and sometimes moving, but its level of interest and its overall quality is destroyed by its exaggerated, exaggerated and negative portrayal of the rich and famous.
