While visiting Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a talented high school rugby player, saw as the savior to eventually lead his team to victory over the rival Simpson, telling a late palm reader. Romania, the people did not allow many books, so she adopted palm reading) that he would be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, do not make appointments. You will be busy."). Well, who will have it thin? Tony is actually bitten and his life will be forever changed. After his dad accidentally crashes into an accident in his collision (!), It's not a good idea, especially if the bullet doesn't leave the room and don't push like a flashing ball, Tony travels the country through endless years until he is tired of packing and returning decades (and many US presidents) later to hopefully win his soccer team over Simpson. a job he left long ago. What was once a very white, cleaned high school indeed turned into a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what the early 80's Full Moon High School's prom party looks like, Studio 54 thinks of teenagers. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen's parody of werewolves, among others, is full of gags, tributes, and jokes. My favorite rows contain one in the gender classroom where Tony is the 80th class of his orphan transformation and the introductory scene to Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen) announces the worst psychiatrist on earth. His job of talking a jumper leads to two men falling off a balcony. The jumper and a firefighter (first try to talk him out), both burning on Fire! Brand is even trying to get Tony to draw a shake because his body is donated to science so he can get his wife a fur coat! Kenneth Mars has let me down the floor as a gay soccer coach (.. and later in the 80s as the principal) who likes to beat his players on the back .. his scene where Tony releases the truth for the gender class is classic. The movie is loaded with inspired decisive choices. Just full of funny characters and the cast interpretations. Like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military blowhard who is actually identical to Joseph McCathy standing next to his photo in the bombshell. always talks about comics), Joanne Nail, who falls into today's old Ricky, who falls for the werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (a Patch of Blue), as a haunting, naughty sexually-molested (and molester) teacher who is a attraction find Tony James Dixon as a deputy (.. his big scene stole him a line from his police chief, presenting it to Dr. Brand who started talking to himself for memorizing), Roz Kelly as Jane, relentlessly dedicated wife who just wants Tony. She is constantly demanding that he refresh her and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, Tony's year-old father and now the police chief who first left Jane to his friend. Cannot forget JM J Bullock as Flynn's son-in-law, trying to fit into school, hoping to find a lady with hilarious results. <br /> <br /> I like how the film pays tribute to the werewolf genre, as when he was on the prowl .. he is often called in the newspapers as Jack the Nipper because he likes his victims on the cheek biting .. and I'm not talking face. He was considered more than a nuisance as a danger. The tribute to Carrie and Psycho is nice, and the violin is also amusing. Cohen throws so many singers at the viewer, eventually one has to stay. Obviously, in a comedy like this, not every joke hits it, but many do it. The movie makes it worth it. The movie looks cheap on the typical Larry Cohen budget. Take note of the 50's screens where the obviously old role-players appear on the road shining wigs. Love Adam. He is the perfect foil for the gags that follow him, and the singers he makes Cohen's writing fly. The movie moves fast, seldom gets a breath. I like this horror comedy more than most it seems.
