I don't joke about the summary and vote! The video distributors have packed it as just a typical 80's werewolf movie, but it's actually the biggest parody of the horror genre you can imagine, which has done for the horror movie "Blazing Saddles" for Westerners. I saw a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, strange, etc. (Usually running unobstructed), and I think the comedy should be the most difficult genre for filmmakers and actors to work on. It just needs the right kind of things to make things successful, and some of them are good ideas. "Full Moon High" bends with good ideas - so much, in fact, that it can easily be ashamed of the Zucker / Abrams team of "Airplane" and "Naked Gun". One of the best of these is the presence of Ed McMahon in a starring role as a John Berk style right-wing cracker. The jokes, non-sequiters, wisecracks and word games are literally unstoppable and everything, including the kitchen sink, has been thrown in. The ironic tone is very similar to that of "Back to the Future." <br /> <br /> Some people (ie almost every reviewer here) must be turned off here by the spirit of anarchy, but I have almost died of laughter and that is one of those movies in which you never know what kind of mad situation will be next. Since B-movie Larry Cohen had never made a straight comedy, he felt he was making lost time by including any joke he or she could think of. If Mel Brooks made it, the critics would have called it a comic masterpiece, but because it was made by Cohen, it was dismissed as a schlock. Critical reviews called this movie silly. SILLY? What is a comedy that is supposed to be - seriously? Anyway, I laughed aloud for this movie than anybody else I can think of. Cohen makes fun of everyone - including himself, with many references to his usual low-rent movie-making brand; He and the actors must have a full blast to do so. <br /> <br /> The humor is very much Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watches many B-movies (especially horror) will love this. Trust me: the movie is not too hard to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - a magician laughs without any social value benefits - then you will really enjoy it !! <br /> <br /> One office: this movie must somehow go into history if one thing Bob Saget ever (though briefly) dies in, was actually funny.
