I don't know why people except lots of low budget indie movies, but I enjoyed this one as a fan of urban horror. There aren't too many urban horror movies out there, so when I saw this one on the shelf, the title only reached my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was amazed ... it's not too often that in a low budget you run a horror movie with a big play and a good story. Is this low budget? Yes. Can you say it's a low budget? Yes ... but as soon as you start watching the movie, you are so wrapped up in the story that it doesn't matter. I also like hip hop music and the soundtrack is nice! I don't know what this bad review is for this movie. All I hear is "worst movie ever". Did these idiots see EVERY film here? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you categorize one as the "worst" ever? A video that is not a movie like "zombiez" can be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can't say it's the worst movie ever, because I didn't see every movie there. Bottom line these people who gave this movie bad reviews are probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you don't have minority-based, urban movies, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc., Etc. WHY DOES THIS TYPES MOVIE? knowing that you do not like these things? Sure, it's a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but it's a URBAN horror movie with a multi-cultural cast role. I don't like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or the O.C, they don't bother me. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" look for me. I'm a New Jersey man and these shows and movies suck for me. Why? Because I can't relate to them. They don't boast my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never look. GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, MARRIAGE CRASHERS 2: Here's a sequel to torture you again as the first sucked so badly and I HEART HUCKABORING. Now back to this movie, regarding saint405's comments above, I don't know if this guy smoked or knocked through his drunk dad before watching the movie, but for me everyone did a good job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I am an aspiring actor who will play myself at school and I had to do a play where I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotionally in a scene, so I give props to actors who have an emotional scene must do and can pull it off. Anywho, I love this movie and have never heard of these actors and directors, but you bet I'll look for their stuff now and if they read it, BRING ON THE SEQUEL !!! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
