Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come to play and even the boys in the DA hood can't stop them. This low-budget, direct-to-video production seems time to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest installment of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. The ghetto setting and hip-hop soundtrack can offer additional appeal to inner dogs. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research facility while raising his child, brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored by macaroni and cheese dinners in their channel, would rather spend his time with street friends Marco and Kev. Apparently there is not much for African-American high school outings on this side of the bay, except to deal with drugs and rogue with the homes, including competing Latino gangsters. Ricky plans to sell their old parents' home and go inside to the Castro Valley, a more middle-class and presumably safer environment. Unfortunately, before that can happen, a shooting shootout leaves Jermaine dead on the veranda. Ricky, with a sadness, is trying a last-ditch push. He tells Scotty, his laboratory assistant, to steal the experimental cell regeneration formula they test on rats. When a double dose fails to revive Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But a strange thing happened on the way to the mortuary. The boy is resuscitated as a sputtering, coarse zombie, chewing the ambulance drivers and bumpers at night, is on revenge and hunger for fresh meat. The feeding madness infects more victims, and before the night is over East Bay, is a battlefield between the living and the blood-spreading undead. The horror genre saw more than his share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Consider Val Lewton's programmers (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman's Poe Quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than a few hundred million dollars of valuable recent high-gripped horrors. She charmed goodness. In truly inexpensive films, actors wear their own clothes amid real institutions. Here, the homes have fresh walls in neutral carpets, which have a blush as oppressive as Douglas Sirk's bourgeois melodramas from the 1950s. Lines look more improvised than written. "So what are we going to do now?" "Keep your eyes open for any F N thing out of the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, an ex-military man called Romero. "I have a big bitch of a problem that needs to be taken care of quickly." "Not a problem," says the merc, closing its cell phone and grabbing its guns. Everyone has guns, and even when they are fighting the zombies, are they on their cell phones, like who are they nowadays? Information is erased with naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We've come in with some crazy mother goats." "Deja F N 'vu. It's the park zombie again ............ Ricky must even blow his girl's girl off and just say," She's out of hand. "Unlike most zombie films, this one offers a motive for chaos. Jermaine revenge on the scarecrows who shot him, which in turn continues the rumble. This is urban movie-making that implies his own social commentary," A nearby guerrilla production that represents a future for low-budget horror that reflects real-life rather than supernatural cliches, while brothers Quiroz, who made their name as a new brand, can inspire others to tell stories what Based on personal experience, rather than mimicking Hollywood Hollywood products, taking into account their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable feature of people they know - Photographer Rocky Robinson gets the job done, music by Eduardo Quiroz is not simpler than Carpenter's haunting Halloween theme, and hip hop songs by The Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere, the result is promising if it isn't exactly s exciting. They learn their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who never got better, they can be the next to watch.
