There was already a "race" picture almost from the start of the film industry. Films that make up almost all black works were made by ghetto theaters by divorced Poverty Row studios (more often than not owned by Caucasians). With the increasing urban rust in the 1970s, this idea was revived with a wave of blaxploitation pictures made for urban gravel houses, which left black actors and funky atmosphere over traditional B-movies. This trend has even spread in horror features, with titles such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill serving blaze exploit versions of sample standards. And it didn't die with the closure of most urban theaters? It only slowed down slowly in the video age, and continues with low budget direct-to-DVD releases like this. Ed and Jose Quiroz's Hood of the Living Dead, accept the recent popularity of horror movies for the hip hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland trying to keep his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine was shot by drug dealers in a row, Ricky decided to use the experimental cell-generating formula he'd been working to save the teenager's life. Apparently his efforts were nothing, and Jermaine's body was taken away. But the body never makes it to the mortuary? Jermaine re-animate in the keeper's order as a meat-hungry zombie. He kills the drivers, then goes to the gang that killed him, and spreads the zombie infection wherever he goes. After hearing from Jermaine's friends, Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the gangsters, Ricky feels that the only thing to do is catch Jermaine and try to cover the whole thing before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) are arrested for the chaos they caused. However, they soon find that the infection spreads too fast so they can control it. Keeping things simple, the Quiroz team manages to produce an entertaining little horror feature without persuading themselves to the point where things start to look slim. Along the way, they also add some interesting pieces. Once confronted with a zombie, Scott tells Ricky, "Shoot him in the head like the movies!" ?? An effective way to discover how to kill zombies. An additional twist is added when the first head shot does not kill the brain, and adds to the discomfort of the viewer. Another good point is that the soundtrack uses only limited use of sub-Eminem styles rap, which is standard creepy music throughout.
