Most of the bad reviews on this site blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one or more of the following reasons: 1) It's a low-budget movie with virtually no acting; 2) it was so bad it made me laugh 3) it's something I can do myself. I will not even discuss the first point, because it is a very subjective matter whether you want low budget and independent things or not. However, I have to say that I still do not understand that people who rent such a movie as 'Hood of the Living Dead' rent and then look surprised when they realize it is not as salty and cute as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. . As for the second point, I really don't see what is so wrong to laugh at. I like to laugh and love movies that make me, whether it's comedies or horror flashes. When I saw Hammerhead, this girl walked into a PUDDLE and the shark man came out of her to eat her. I just cracked. And I was grateful that the director made such a silly scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Honestly, laughing just makes me feel good, while it seems that many people write reviews, consider them a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low-budget movie is definitely not for you. But please do not come and tell us that you find them ridiculous. We already know this. This is probably why we decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, this is the third point that remains completely astounded. Just a few years ago, people got out of the theaters to see "Blair Witch Project", which is a more rudimentary, boring, plot-less and bad movie than "Hood of the Living Dead" too. In addition, half a million people go to YouTube every day to see the short films of "Lonelygirl15". This is definitely something everyone can do with a cute girl, a room and a webcam! Not to talk about all the more amateur videos you can find there. Why don't people blame the cuts for bad acting and non-existent plot? I think it's one of the best things of our time that everyone, with affordable technology and a lot of friends, can make their own movies and share them with people of the same interest. And I feel a certain admiration for people who spend their weekends with their friends buying an honest (but refreshing) piece of garbage like this, rather than going to the mall or playing video games alone. Solve your prejudices and your desire to sound like a clever film critic by attacking b-movies, and you'll see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as it did to its creators! If you have a taste for refreshing and pleasant homemade horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do Not Look In The Basement" The Worst Horror Movie Ever Made, "Redneck Zombies", "Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer" and "Habit".
