Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not really sure it's really a Giallo; But Giallo or not, despite some problems, is certainly a very interesting little movie. I am reluctant to call it a Giallo because the film does not contain most of the things these movies make that they are; but many genre entries break the shape, and it seems to be one of them. The movie doesn't contain as many Giallo's as a brutal murder, but it creates a surreal atmosphere and a plot, just about confusion enough to stay interesting for the duration. The plot looks simple enough because it focuses on a doctor murdered by Julie, his patient, who for some reason sees him as her lover and father and offends when he walks on her. We then move to a large house that lives by a number of people, but nothing really seems like there are a number of secrets around various events that happened before July's arrival. <br /> <br /> The film seems to confess something about how the mind is like a maze. It never really comes out, and I prefer to just sit back and enjoy what's going on rather than worry about which point (if any) is trying to make the movie. Eye in the labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director of the excellent Night of the Dead, a few years earlier. He also does not create the atmosphere in this movie as he did earlier; but the surrealistic aspects of the story come out well, and the secret is always kept that prevents the movie from becoming boring. The movie stars Rosemary Dexter, which offers the whole face candy and also delivers good performance. Most of the rest of the cast is not really worth mentioning, with the exceptions of Adolfo Celi, who is good as the villain of the piece and Alida Valli, who will remember cult fans from a whole host of excellent cult flicks. The film explains itself to the end; which is fortunate because I'm sure I'm not the only viewer that was already a little confused! Overall, this may not be classic stuff; but it is good enough and worth seeing.
