I haven't seen the original "Incredible Journey" since I was a kid, so I can't really compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave with friends in the countryside when the family's father needs a new job in San Francisco. The pets believed they were deserted, escaped and traveled through the desert on a long journey. <br /> <br /> This story can be filmed most like a cartoon, but both versions are actually made life-action movies with real animals. One big difference is that the animals in the later version speak in human voices, each giving its own distinct personality, something not done in the original film. (A similar device of talking animals was used in other recent children's films such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics were rather sniffy about using this device, but my own view is that animals give the distinctive personalities of their own, help strengthen the film rather than weaken it. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are masculine, and their relationship resembles the fact that in many buddy buddy movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is the wise, experienced older dog; The chance that the younger one is, is crooked, angry and impulsive. In British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but is actually an American Bulldog, apparently another race for his British cousin. Sassy the cat is feminine with a very primitive and proper personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her much better than any bare dog. ("Cats rule, dogs drool!"). <br /> <br /> From a mature point of view, the movie has a number of errors; It can be sentimental, some of the incidents (such as the one in which the animals can catapult a mountain lion in the river) are incredible, and human characters are completely forgotten. However, it is a movie that is primarily aimed at children, and I suspect they will enjoy it. Certainly, any animal-loving child will do it. (Comments by some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that animal voices reduced the film's "grandeur", only serve to reinforce my view that professional critics are not always the best guide to children's films. I doubt or many playground conversations on the "Homeward Bound" concentrated on its alleged grandeur. <br /> <br /> One thing adults will appreciate is California's Sierra Nevada Mountains photography. They can also appreciate the movie's blend of humor and excitement, as the runaway pets experience dangers such as mountains, mountain lions, and porcupines in the desert. This is a very enjoyable family movie. 10/07
