This comment contains spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have an intangible presence on them. The innate quality is a fusion of charisma, panache and swagger. This is the quality that good actors of the real big can separate. I think George Clooney has it and so does Jack Nicholson. You can look at Clooney's subtle touch in scenes like his one word goodbye to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11 when they just contend each other's name contemptuously. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's performances that go as far back as Five Easy Dinners to some good men and his courtroom interrogation scene. These guys just got it. You can add Denzel Washington to the small and exclusive list of actors that radiate that tremendous feature in everything he does. When you look at his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's movie of the same name, he sees that there is no finer actress working today. I don't call it all to insist that Man On Fire is perfect just because Denzel's work, but he is definitely the crib of production. I was literally enchanted by some of his plays that are all mourning, emotional and burning. <br /> <br /> Washington plays Creasy, a former spy or CIA agent or one of those covered government operations. He hit pretty much rock bottom, as he was disillusioned with the life he led. He killed and perhaps did things that were best left unseen and it made him a tough and bitter man. His friend and perhaps mentor played a lot reserved by Christopher Walken, living in Mexico, providing a very comfortable life by providing guarding services for the rich. Apparently, the kidnapping business in Mexico is so alive that these paid former S.E.A.L.s can do so well while providing a necessary service. Creasey needs the job and accepts a job with a good deal of family that seems to be in financial trouble. Marc Anthony is good as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is seductively sexy because his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are just amazing and for the time being brilliant like Pita. I don't know how a child of her age can have such a series to play the characters she does, but her interpretation of Pita is nothing but Oscar worthy. The entire first half of the film relies on the relationship between Pita and Creasy and if a weaker actress was in the role, the emotional synergy might not have gone so far. But Fanning is nothing short of remarkable. <br /> <br /> This is the relationship between Pita and Creasy that drives this movie to the top of the theater. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott has a frenetic urgency and his eye for visual flare has never been better. I'm interested to see his next movie, Domino. I think Scott is one of today's undergraduate directors and with more films like this one, his name will surely be elevated to icon status. <br /> <br /> The story really took Creasy to Pita and vice versa. There is a clear connection between the two of them and perhaps it comes from the fact that although Pita likes her father, he is not much. He is a philanthropist and has little time to spend with his family. Soon Creasy Pita will take her swimming competition. He reads her bedtime stories and she calls her teddy bear "Creasy". It's not just a friendship between them, it's more of a kinship, and a deep parental love seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The movie changes gears when Pita is kidnapped and ransomed and Creasy is almost deadly injured to protect her. This is where the story becomes thick with innuendo and ripe with deception as the plots are unraveled like an onion. And that's where Denzel gets a tour. As I said earlier, I saw that Denzel is performing outstandingly in films such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I have never seen him before. He is a man who is owned and with the possibility that Pita is dead, he becomes a literal man on fire. It rages in him as he hunt and come out of his trademark. Denzel's anger and sharpness are omnipresent and not easily broken, as he chases every person responsible for Pita's offense. These all vigilant justice as the Mexican authorities always look one step behind. <br /> <br /> Also, the most important of this film's fragrant luster is that there are a few movies that actually apologize to the criminals. I'm often frustrated watching movies where the bad guys are easily released. They cause all sorts of torment for the whole movie and then they take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. Author Brian Helgeland observes that retribution here is unambiguous and that is painful. The perpetrators here feel Crease's anger and they experience the torment he is releasing. There is nothing clumsy about his mark of justice. He needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is placed in places that are meant for other things. There are no bumps here and this is one of the real strengths of the movie. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the top five movies of 2004. Now that it is on DVD, it is my recommendation to get the SE. It's loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentary and different comment tracks. 10/10
