If I remember seeing the previews for this movie and not really thinking about it. It was almost one of those movies that when you see the preview, it is amazing, and when it comes out, you hear nothing and miss it completely, and your memory doesn't improve the mistake of missing it. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was once informed of a rental, and I decided to take it home with me, renting my precious Blockbuster in my hands. I watched it and saw such a beautiful movie. It's like no other ... drama and action combined to create something wonderful. The cinematography done by Tony Scott is very well done and unique, unlike another movie. The captions can explain something without even listening to the real voices, and the music is very interesting to the institution. I climbed into this movie and eventually bought it as soon as I got out of the house and switched to Best Buy. I've been watching it a few times. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does a wonderful job with the fact that he has become these lost minds without any reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) is back in his life with her immortal love for him. They connect and become good friends until they are kidnapped by infamous gang members of the brotherhood, La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells the mother of Dakota Fanning that he will hunt the murderers and fear that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's kidnapping and Creasy's hospitalization to get one of the men and he begins his quest. My favorite line of all is in this movie, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that a man is a work of art, in anything he does .... cook, whatever. Creation's art is dead ... he's about to paint his masterpiece. "He plays a very unique role of Creasy's old friend and friend. After he finally pursued the brother of" The Voice "leader of La Hermandad, Creasy arranged a meeting to trade Pita for himself and The Voice's brother In the end, Creasy dies to be shot earlier, and his wound becomes infected and massive blood loss, a very sincere and sad ending, but a wonderful one, I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for an unforgettable movie, the story is in depth, everything is explained from start to finish and nothing in any way wheat.
