-Kidnappings in Mexico are as common as honeys that give me their phone numbers, so if you are rich, you will need a good guard to keep you and your children safe. A couple rents a crop guard called Creasy to protect their beautiful child Pita. In the first place, their relationship is a little buggy, but after a while Creasy relieves to the girl and the two develop a relationship between father and daughter. One day, Pita was kidnapped and Creasy was badly injured in the process. When he wakes up, he finds out that the girl is dead because of a ransom bargain that went wrong and puts Creasy on the road, the men found dead for her and made sure they were brought to his trademark. <Br /> <br /> - Keep some Tylenol next to you while watching this movie because you will have to take a little after watching it. I really love the story here to go out for revenge because most movies usually just want revenge, but really never go too far, because like this movie they show how far a man can go to do what he feels is right. The only problem is the annoying visual style that will make you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I really feel sorry for the filmmaker, because I'm sure he thought in this movie that he would be an action movie and probably all excited, but instead he was holding the DP for a filmmaker who felt that the whole movie must be. Looks like it is possessed by demons. I will not have thought if the crappy visual is limited to some action scenes, but when it spreads throughout the film, then when we have problems. The same annoying style was recently used on "Domino" and much like this movie, the style has hurt the other big movie. <br /> <br /> Another person I feel sorry for in this movie was soon the best Harry Gregson Williams, who had the impossible task of trying out music from the winding images. Somehow Williams wrote a decent music for the movie, but I'm sure the movie was more stable, then the music would have been much better. The sound is used illegally by the film and instead of improving the movie experience, it makes you rather punished. The over-utilization of the subwoofer is annoying like every 5 seconds, or you can hear an ungodly low noise coming from it. I don't know why Scott thinks the audience should be bombarded by the subwoofer, but it really takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> The play in the movie is an ox in spite of the footage. Little Fanning does another good job here and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. If the end of the movie doesn't make anyone cry, then they're dead on the inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rule to make no action movies with this movie and luckily he gets a great character for him. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly due to a tragedy, finds a purpose in his life nothing else, but Washington brings some kind of heart and emotion to the otherwise flat character. I love how we testify of being a loner to actually get emotion and after the kidnapping has become a cold instrument of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife and she, with Fanning, are the two reasons why I can't hate the movie too much. J.Lo's husband comes and goes into the movie, but he doesn't really stand out. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all have little role in the movie, but they make an impact. <br /> <br /> One thing that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try to make for the crazy way they portray Mexico. It's a fine city at the end of the movie. A little too late if you ask me. Let us hope that Tony Scott is on his way to deliberately trying to destroy his career because a filmmaker is as talented as he can and should do better than that.
