You know you're in something other than a movie Christopher Walken is part of a professional hit - and he's not even one of the bad guys! Although this can happen here and there, 'Man on Fire' is a generally effective crime drama that ranges from the openly sentimental to the straightforward, and about every tone in between. <br /> <Denzel Washington stars as Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently left the business and is looking for some kind of redemption for the sins he committed. So far, he has been looking for answers in a bottle and the Bible and not doing so well. As the film opens, Mexico City is devastated by a series of kidnappings aimed at doing the powerful and good, possibly committed by the police instructed to keep law and order in the community. Creasy takes the position of bodyguard to the daughter of a wealthy business owner who is rightly afraid of her safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to the growing friendship between Creasy and his accusation, Pita, a lovely little girl who is slowly but surely working her way into Creasy's initially hardened heart and passions. The last two-thirds of the film comes in an Avenging Angel melodrama, as Creasy is systematically looking for those who are responsible for a tragedy early in the story. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel by AJ Quinnell, "Man on Fire", suddenly written by Brian Helgeland and flash directed by Tony Scott, a cool, effective action photo never keeps away from the raw brutality of his subject no. It takes a risk to ask us to identify with a man who, for all purposes, reaches his salvation by killing and killing people. These scenes of massacre and violence are both intense and exciting, even if they sometimes make a difference to exploitation. Even better are the quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the early parts of the movie. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural, easy-going report that helps to follow the stage for chaos and turmoil. <br /> <br /> Washington carries the film of its quality of Stoic justice, so we understand its character at an emotional level, even as it does, we profane ourselves intellectually. In addition to the two main roles, there are good performances by Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it is Washington and the beautiful Mrs. Fanning stealing the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would have been better at about half an hour taking its run time, but it's still a better-than-average crime thriller.
