Although released under a lot of revenge-sensitive action movie (KILL BILL VOL. 2, THE PUNISHER, WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works, and it largely thanks to the ever-vigilant Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's 1980 novel (first filmed with Scott Glenn in 1987), Washington is playing a former mercenary, now out of a Jack Daniels flash drank until his old partner (Christopher Walken) offered him. a chance of redemption. He is named a bodyguard for the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work like oil and water first (don't mix very well), he really gets a bond with her and encourages her to swim better while trying to handle the demons of the past. It's such a band that will force Washington back in its old way when Fanning is kidnapped and held for a $ 10m ransom, and he's almost dead. With almost any other action action hero (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the ensuing massacre will be the same repetitive shock we've seen a million times before. But Washington's character, although killing for a reason, does not particularly enjoy what he does. Yet, he gets help from a very fearless Mexican newspaper reporter (Rachel Ticotin) to expose "La Hermanidad", the kidnapping gang responsible for the kidnapping of Fanning. <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE is flawed for some because of the hyper camera work, almost headache inducing editing, and various movie shares that are in the course of its director Tony Scott (TOP GUN, CRIMSON TIDE) but not necessarily unique to him (witness Oliver Stone's use of montage in JFK or Sam Peckinpah's in his classic 60's and 70's films). Still, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington, as well as Fanning, coming as far as a typical movie-brat kid. Harry Gregson Williams's south-of-the-border Spanish guitar score is enhanced by Chopin, Debussy, and even Linda Ronstadt's classic 1977 rock version of Blue Bayou's soundtrack. Although the film is generally very violent, it is no worse than most action films of the past ten years, and overall it is much better than most.
