Maslin Beach is a true nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide, on the Fleurieu Peninsula, in South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film that uses the beach as a place. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is a romantic comedy marked. It can be a bit misleading as it is not a hilarious movie, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it has light-hearted moments. Like life itself, there are moments of sadness. It is also completely shot at the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity runs throughout the length of the film. The viewer quickly learns to accept it as normal, concentrating on the plot, not the abundant flesh. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car at a beach cart park. They take their belongings to the beach, and as they walk, a voice-over of Simon speaks about his confusion about what true love is. The rest of the film is an exploration of this, completed by one full day at the beach. The basic story is of what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters that are highlighted in several separate vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they arrive at the beach, Simon and Marcie look bored to each other. Marcie regards them as a romantic couple 'Romeo and Juliet'. Simon was just bored about it. Then we are introduced to Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walked along the beach and discussed Gail's chances of finding the "perfect" man, supported by the power of a necklace that gave her grandmother the best of luck. However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all of them are 'attractive' and young (part of the realism of this movie). <br /> <br /> To serve the beach's patrons, there is a flat, short-sighted ice cream vendor with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), a friend of Simon, and is also his unofficial counselor. I would think this character is the most important comic element. It's hard to say, since there's nothing Ben that makes you laugh out loud, unless you're drunk, male and very young! Maslin Beach does, however, have a great redemption property, and it does not fall on any subject for too long. Since the quality of acting is variable, the writing is suspected and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap. The lack of continuity is a positive blessing. In fact, there is something about this movie (not the nudity) that I find attractive. It is difficult to define what it is, but it can have something to do with the bluntness and straightforward Aussie's attitude towards carnal issues. <br /> <br /> The camera work in Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it is very good, with some beautiful static shots and 'pans' from the beach, cliffs and a sunset. If nudity is an important factor in this movie, frames are an important aspect of the camera work. There is no gratuity in the framework, which means that the framework is done so that the camera does not live on 'private' body parts. It helps to ease any sense of viewer's discomfort to be within the subject's personal space, and makes the movie more palatable. Not an easy task, given the place for filming. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is also not a 'flash' for post-pubescent, testosterone-charged men, or a 'Mills and Boon' romance for undervalued women. Maslin Beach doesn't look anywhere in genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the Baywatch sense, and are just "normal" people you would see anywhere on the beach. It does not have a message to cross and it will not even act as a tourism marketing, except perhaps for Naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, the filming could have been in any sunny country. What makes this film clearly Australian is the fact that it is senseless (cinema verite?), And just the Australian Cinema, and other medium-sized National Cinemas, might consider such a rash option. At the same time, these medium-sized theaters have room for experimentation in the search for identity, and a "flop" won't damage their reputation too much. This is always possible, as Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, that the film can become popular internationally, but is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> During these criticisms, I sound temporarily extremely negative. , about Maslin Beach. It's not the right position, because I have the movie very easy to watch. I enjoyed it as a reflection of the near reality and real people (and problems). The problems faced in the movie are those of everyday life, and a little low on spectacle. It doesn't hurt me, and I wish more movies would have dealt with this everyday. There is a connection here with the theaters of Europe, and especially with French films. They rarely deal with major disasters or disasters, but with everyday life. Hollywood is in direct opposition to this and drives the crest of the hyper-real action / drama / anxiety wave. The pass, too, is much faster in Hollywood, but it's not real. Maslin Beach isn't exactly 'Jacques Tati', but it's on the right track, even if it doesn't ignore the issues of multicultural, equality, gender orientation and so on, it's so important in the current cinema. I'm sure you'll love or hate this movie, with little room for a middle ground. <br /> <br />
