"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in every other way to every other Muppet Movie made so far. For one, it remains the only Muppet movie not owned by Disney. From 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney owns the rights to the Muppets. Also, this movie has a story line that is very non-linear, and events that are otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is very difficult to beat the original "Muppet Movie" of 1979, especially since that movie has made more memorable songs than "Manhattan". But one way "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" may be the surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first movie, all the Muppets have to do, go to Hollywood, run into an agency's office and get a Rich & Famous contract right away. In this movie, the Muppets learn that they really have to work for their desired success, and it's much harder to do so, especially in the entertainment industry, than they initially thought. This is an important and often communicable message, provided someone is willing to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets, small and made of cloth, should not necessarily be in a spacious place or even eaten. Above all, their struggle to do so after college training creates a very good story. Another note: The celebrity cameos in the movie were cool, and they surprisingly failed to remove the spotlight from the Muppets. That ability is proof of Henson, and how attractive the Muppet characters were to even adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls flat, and that's where I'm sure people won't agree with me, is with some of the key stories, especially in the end. I thought the wedding song "He'll make me happy" was too bleak for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounds more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, I hear the song unusually depressed, especially when the movie starts on such a positive number as "Together Again" and ends happily for that matter. "Totsiens" was also a sad number, but it fits better in the movie because the Muppets are disbanded and not sure they will see each other again. The last song was such a slack, and perhaps even added to the younger viewers' misery to see their favorite Muppets leaving the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is generally a good movie and one that marches to a different drum than the other Muppet films, including the latest to the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt was made. Luckily, the movie also goes in the same direction. I just wanted the movie to end on a better song that wasn't quite so melancholy. Plus, Disney had to get his hands on this movie's copyright and gave it a proper DVD release. Maybe it will one day. We'll see.
