It was the third Muppet movie and the last one, Jim Henson, was to take part in the making before his earlier death in 1990. The first three films with the famous characters were all made and released in the theaters before I was born is. I originally saw the first and second installments in the original trilogy, The Muppet Movie, and The Great Muppet Caper, in the mid-nineties as a child, but didn't see this third. The Muppets Take Manhattan "until April 2007. It was shortly after I saw his two predecessors and 1996's" Muppet Treasure Island "for the first time in many years. This third Muppet movie certainly did not see me the first time I saw it , disappointed me, and my second show almost three years later did not impress me much, but if not, it certainly did not go too far. <br /> <br /> The Muppets stage music, Manhattan Melodies, seems to be a big hit on their university campus, they are graduating from college, so they will leave soon, but decide they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try their show on Broadway. after a lot of rejections, they eventually decide to find work and go to search, most of them leaving town, but Kermit remains and is still determined to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet gang. He gets a job at a New York restaurant w ate owned by a man called Pete. The frog is quickly befriended by Pete's daughter Jenny, an aspiring fashion designer currently working as a waitress at her father's restaurant. As Kermit continues his efforts to reach stargazing, now with the help of Jenny, he does not know that Miss Piggy has stayed secretly in New York and is now spying on him. She started to see Kermit and Jenny together, and she seemed to be getting close, causing jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it looked disappointing. It was a bit rushed, unfocused, and perhaps even forgetful about the beginning. There are a few funny pieces during this part of the film, like Animal chasing a woman by the audience on the university campus, but for a short while the film has gone past me compared to its two predecessors. Fortunately, it wasn't long before it changed. The movie is for the most part entertained, with "Saying Goodbye", the sad song the Muppets sing while they are sharing, and a lot that happens afterwards. The two funniest parts can be Mrs. Piggy's tantrums were after killing Kermit and Jenny, but there were many other times when I laughed, like a poor Fozzie trying to winter with other trees. The Muppets still have their charm and comic antics, which of course also help to carry the movie for the most part, just like the plot, a simple but intriguing for all ages. There are a few weaker moments, such as the Muppet baby order, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is dark, but none of these problems is too big and is far enough to destroy the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say, "The Muppet Movie", the film that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and it seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably the worst of the three, but everyone is good. Unlike the "Muppets From Space", the third of the theater films in the franchise made after Henson's sad passing, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan", is still the Muppets! I'm not detailing what I think of the Muppets 1999 movie released twenty years after their first, as I have already explained in my review that I find it so disappointing and though it does have a career, I'm clearly not alone. However, every movie that made the lovely Muppets made during Henson's life is a great entertainment for the whole family, although the second and third installments each have a slight decrease in quality after the one that preceded it.
