Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a movie. It's not a problem here. The sets are cheesy, inside and out. The manure is omnipresent, half obscure the shabbiness of production. If there is a bar, the name on the front window simply says, "Wine and Spirits." The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. Not a single shot of a city or even a false horizon. This is the kind of Dublin this story is about, just as Jack the Ripper movies are about cowardly, dull, white-skinned Whitechapel. Who would want it in any other way? How could it have been different with no valid stars, a tiny budget and a four-week shift schedule? The actor follows in a reckless way. Sometimes, my God, this is positively unfair. Mrs. McPhillips, who moaned after Frankie was shot dead, died outside the house. However, Victor McLaglin delivers exactly the right kind of exaggerated performance. Wardrobe filled him in a tiny jacket so it looks like Frankenstein's monster. Its every move looks a little further than it was meant to be. When he slaps his cap on his head, he bends himself to the temple. A big, blustery, bubbly baby looks like he's always drunk. He betrays his best friend for the payroll that would take him and his girls to America, not a good guy in the ordinary sense. However, we get windy if he starts spending the 20 pounds more and more during a wild, alcoholic night, because every expensive and grand gesture takes him further from his dream. I won't argue, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for Max Steiner's score, wow. Each movement, already exaggerated, is not only underlined by the Mickey Mouse music, but highlighted in glossy yellow. It should not have happened - the heavenly choirs, the intimate young charm, the minstrel boy, the gurgling tune while McLaglen was drinking from the bottle. It would have been better without any score. <br /> <br /> What is the whole thing about? Dated - with any measure, but not a product of its times. That's why I admire it. Yes, the symbolism is sometimes bunch. McLaglen, a real dummy, bumps his head against a hanging sign. The dung. The blind man. But what impresses me is how little of it is currently being tried. What affects us today as an exaggerated piece of art was something quite different in 1936 from what most programmers have seen at the time. If it gets shorter at times, it doesn't matter. The movie was an act of courage, political and moral, as well as poetic. (The legion of decency condemns it because of a scene in a brothel.) A director's goal should exceed his understanding, or what is a scripture for? However, if viewed in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford, of course, had sympathy with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only what they consider necessary. ("He knows too much to live. And if he goes to the present? Oh, it's not me myself, but I think, but all of us, from Ireland itself.") The Irish are sentimentalized and sympathetic. I wonder if the Jihadists in the Middle East do not use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
