In the mid-1930s, Hollywood recovered its confidence after the talk-over transition. Although all the technical problems of sound have been resolved very quickly, it has taken longer to solve the questions of how to look at pictures, how they should be structured and how to act. The Informer is an important picture in that it claims the extent to which wordless moments can convey the story, the power performances without ignoring the need for sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> It is not to say that the Informant really is not a blow to the golden days of silence. For one thing, many silent photos were not so visually pure in their narrative, and were overloaded with title cards. But what the Informer has is the confidence to extend moments between dialogues, to focus more on responses than speeches, and to play shots, only play for atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, for all his abilities, was a filmmaker who apparently put in effort in proportion to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was stupid, he'd only half done it. Fortunately, the Informer, with his depiction of community, honor, working class life and the most important Irish environment, was all that Ford loved, and the result is one of his best works. In it, Ford has really too many shots. The first is from places ?? the Dublin streets shrouded in fog and darkness so that their deepest depths cannot be seen; dingy interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to impress us. The second is from faces, striking close-ups against ordinary backgrounds, usually without dialogue, focusing on the inner conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> Leader Victor McLaglen fits perfectly into this character and this way of filming him. McLaglen's performance doesn't seem that much, as it's about 90% drunk. But the other 10% is very emotional, because here and there she has Gypo Nolan who is referring to alcoholics as a moment of clarity. With such performances, Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by a spot-on support role, among which there are no weak links. In particular, it is nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually only in comic relief roles, and play straight dramatic parts for once (although Meek's appearance is one or two jokes, the scene of the scene and many of his way is serious). Not only do these two incredible performances, their familiarity with most viewers as comedians gives their attention to this part of the tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, which manufactured the Informer, may have been most adventurous and willing to take risks from all the major studios. Thanks to it we are able to see a dishonest story with a contemptible anti-hero in its center. It could easily be a bunch of unashamed mess, instead filled with a moody atmosphere and depth of character that made us look and pull us into his world.
