Like many people here, I began to find out that my patience is being tried by this movie. By the end I actually cast out a few tears. <br /> <br /> It seems like most of the old movies are dragging for 7 / 8th length and then getting fire at the end. Older filmmakers have learned to calm their time by slowing down the slow parts, knowing that the big payout is on its way. But it's not quite accurate. You see, for our parents, what we are "slow parts" was the main body of the story. They watched and found anecdotal and thematic interest. Modern audiences, post-Spielberg, are in a constant state of waiting to hit a small climax every two minutes when they watch older movies. This is the inflation problem of modern movies. Well, that won't happen. There is no need to apologize for these films; It's easy to adjust your expectations and personal rhythm when you see it. At this stage, the difference between Avatar and The Informer is like the difference between Euripides and a travel production of Rent. Think about it for a minute or two. The exciting part, for most modern viewers, starts with the IRA tribal scene and rises to the last few minutes, which, if you are on board or even paying attention, will break your heart. It is not a high-pitched universal abstract plea for forgiveness; It is a plea of ​​one dim white, and those who feel sorry for the great lummox, for a little grace. It's so personal, and it's embarrassing. Because after being angry at Gypo, he was irritated and thought it was the stupidest character of all time. You will eventually win yourself through the scene of Gypo's former friend who pleads to another woman to talk to her husband to make him easy. <br /> <br /> The movie may be sentimental, but the sentimentality is not cheap as some have charged. There is a matter of life and death playing out here, and as long as you take the representation of one life seriously to a client, it's expressed sentimentality from the most serious things. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10. And the blame for not being 10 out of 10 is my own and to some extent yours, if you read it. We all asked more and more, faster and faster until we couldn't set ourselves in 1935 - just yesterday, really - as easy as we should.
