Once again, early morning television proved to be a valuable source for movies that I would never have been able to find. At four o'clock in the morning I knocked out of bed to start recording 'The Informer (1935)', my fourth film by productive American director John Ford, and an excellent one. The play was adapted during the Irish Civil War in 1922 by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. Although born in the United States and best known for his "Americana" films, both Ford's parents were Irish, explaining the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but meaningful Ruffian who informs an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim the £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie was murdered during his arrest attempt, the Irish Republican Defense Force, of which both Frankie and Gypo were members, began investigating the traitor behind the incident, bringing each idea closer to the real culprit. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Gypo is plagued with guilt for his friend's untimely death, and falls into a little heavy drink that Don Birnam is in "The Lost Weekend (1945)" in his excess. As Gypo drowned his sadness in volumes full of alcohol, trapped in a vicious cycle of depression, his excessive spending caught the attention of investigative IRA members. For once in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including an amusing J.M. Kerrigan), who enthusiastically hits him and baptized him "King Gypo" for his physical power. However, it is clear that these people do not feel love for the man, and it is easy to pay attention to exploiting him for money. The extra £ 20 brought by Frankie's death can never buy Gypo a friends meeting? Indeed, in a bitter dispute of irony, the money is made possible only by the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple fellow, Gypo, might not have fully considered the consequences of his actions and is eventually offered forgiveness because he did not know what he had done, but his folly should not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Occasionally criticism is similar to Ford's film for allegedly propagandist support from a "terrorist" organization. Although this attitude is obviously dependent on your personal view (I certainly do not know enough to judge Irish), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Defense Force as unselfish, dedicated and impartial, a proud Irish patriotism than I've ever seen it. The main theme of the story, however, is the betrayal; driven by intense poverty, one ordinary man lapses the trust of his good friend, and deeply deplores his actions. The tortured Gypo is playing a pity, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a lifetime of unsatisfactory existence, culminating in a terrible decision condemning him to an uncomfortable death. "The Informer" was John Ford's first major Oscar success. He won a total of four awards (of six nominations), including McLaglen's best actor (depicting the three-way favorites of "Mutiny on the Bounty", Best Director and Best Scene for Dudley Nichols (awarding the award) Union Union).
