John Ford is one of the most influential and best-remembered American filmmakers in the history of the film. His name is usually associated with the Western movie genre. However, John Ford's probably best movie is not western, but a cunning drama that took place in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The Informer. 1935. <br /> <br /> Times are hard for many in Ireland and the Burnt-out Gypo Nolan is trapped in poverty and despair - and closes the walls. Gypo is big, but it is not the brightest bulb on the tree, has a warm heart but a short fuse and never really looks like it, but it is not a criminal or a self-centered pig. Gypo Nolan finds the streets of famine without living life, the first woman in his life, Katie Madden, on the streets she's looking for her own desperate situation and starts dreaming to take her to the United States when he's not paid the £ 20 for it. As luck would have it, his friend, Frankie, is back in town with a 20-pound price over his head and Gypo is desperate to notify the police of Frankie's whereabouts. Gypo, with the new 20 pound blood money earned, finds this foggy night more beautiful than debt swells over him and the IRA invests all their resources to find Frankie's informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen portrays the cases Gypo. Nolan and definitely deserve the best actor Oscar he has awarded for this film. His brutal, stupid and thin turns give the character dimension and McLaglen is only the second for Dudley Moore's character Arthur Bach of the 1981 film Arthur as the most entertaining movie. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only members of the truly impressive role. Preston Foster is especially overlooked as an IRA chief, mainly because of course he is not Irish, and JM Kerrigan is annoyingly annoying throughout his role in the film, but this disappointing supporting role is the only weak point of the film. <br /> <br /> Often overshadowed by some of Ford's better-known westerns such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, the Informer is easily one of John Ford's best films - if not his best. The Informer started with a long career of Oscar nominations and victories for John Ford. The Informer won four Oscar, including one for him as best director in 1936. Ford and the company's use of shadows and lights in the film are exceptionally gripping and essential to the story. Gypo's walk through the streets is told by the bleak state of the town and the striking accusations of street lamps, every shadow that reminds him of his darkness. Ford's command of this technique was great to watch; If The Informer was made 10 years later (thus, the genre requirements), it will probably be considered one of the best films of all time, but it does not obstruct it as an excellent classic movie.
