Victor McLaglen, the title character of John Ford's THE INFORMER, reminded me of Fellini's circus man's LA STRADA. Anthony Quinn played the cruel man, who could even be influenced by the Oscar-winning show that McLaglen gave. Poverty-ridden Dublin is the true life and atmosphere of the picture that takes place in 1922. Dense fog and long damp night are the main elements of a story about deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican Defense Force. The conflict of individuality and the cause is what makes the INFORMATION marker. McLaglen's big, simple character just wants America and we are reminded of signs of the price for a ticket regularly. Two different signs become the psychological hub for the drunken Irishman. One is the previous one, the other a WILD sign. Should he do that and get the money to go? <br /> <br /> John Ford once said, "My name is Ford. I'm making Western." After seeing this movie, he could of course do a lot more. The serious social issues dealt with here are sincere and those you will find yourself. And the look of the piece is wonderful, which consists of long dark shadows that engage in an unlucky Ireland night. Ford was always known for its luminous, beautiful cinematography that helped to determine the conflicts within its characters. It's hard on color, but he did it in pictures like THE SEARCHERS, which paints John Wayne in a sometimes ominous way. Victor McLaglen's performance not only benefits from the lighting, but from the simple simplicity of his acting. He kicks a lot. He knocks people out. He's a brute who doesn't know better. However, he must know if he should cross the IRA. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to find out the eager details. See it also for McLaglen and Ford's patriotic depiction of the IRA. Max Steiner's score is innovative in how it matches the characters of the characters, placing more emphasis on them. It is usually only in silent movies, especially Chaplin. Of course, the topic of naming or "informing" is still important. Just watch the media covered this year's Oscars, and pay close attention to the Elia Kazan scandal.
