I remember it late at night on black and white TV, long before a live-action version was as much as a flash in Peter Jackson's eye ... and was very impressed. Eventually I get my hands this week on a discarded VHS copy (and it's not just for the course.). I had the opportunity to see this movie again and find that it still stands up well, though it is not quite the success that memory has painted. <br /> <br /> I must confess here. Some reviewers announce themselves as confirmed Jackson lovers, other than Jackson haters; I'm not actually. I was dedicated to the BBC Radio adaptation by Brian Sibley, originally broadcast in 1981, and immediately recognized Gollum's voice here. Peter Woodthorpe would render this show almost note-perfect for the radio three years later. <br /> <br /> However, I have to say that when I got Jackson's movies a more and more lenient disappointment, the Bakshi version, for everything it was cut off, was actually more accurate. Yes, there are the usual, understandable changes (here it is Legolas rather than Arwen being replaced for Glorfindel as the Elf of Rivendell sent to meet the festival) and there is a lot of telescope of the action. (The only exception to the latter, as others have noticed, is the remarkable series at the Ford Rivendell, where the Ringwraiths have a cold ability to freeze Frodo in the middle of the flight and retreat to the crossroads. From the river, because of an inexplicable reason, he just chases after him in a long, straight gallop, which is initially nightmare, but useless, plot-wise and definitely goes on for too long. The Balrog is unsatisfactory, partly due to a bad animation and that Gandalf has too many windmills. <br /> <br /> But I watched both approaches to the movie, and I feel more than ever that the animated route is the one to be taken. In a half-story (strangely, one thing included, a fragment of Aragorn's story of Beren and Luthien) is the ultimate literature needed by live-action filming, creating everything from monsters to post shirts must be. In detail to appear on camera, it is counterproductive: Latin-confronted (or CGI) samples are less monstrous than sketchy shapes. Heroic costumes tend to look foolish on real bodies and hobbits or dwarfs with non-human bodies are easy to animate but difficult to convince. Many judges called Ringwraith in the bush, with the crippling half-human movements, as one of the frightening moments in the movie - it scared me terribly when I first saw it in the dark! br /> <br /> The utmost stylization of the introduction (plus a voice over done with great skill and economy to summarize the back story in a few sentences) works very well to get out of an almost mythical era. image, and the change to the comic book rustic of the Shire - I especially like the Proudfeet - effectively matches the similar change in tone of Tolkien's prose. I felt there were some missed opportunities where the potential of animation could have been used for great effect: Gandalf threatened Bilbo with his true power in the opening styles, and Bilbo seemed to be a Gollum-like creature among the Ringlust's influence at Rivendell and Galadriel's famous temptation speech were all more or less straight, where it would be unlikely to distort the scene to reflect the changing perceptions of the hobbits. But in general, the changes in detail and palette - light at Bree, bright colors that once again clear at Rivendell and in the Fangorn, come dirty gray and brown for Moria and the deserted lands - work well for the mood of the various episodes, where a living action approach does not allow you to blur the background or sketch in a stylized environment. <br /> <br /> As a fan I didn't deal with Jackson's or Bakshi's representation of Lothlorien - - I feel the radio soundscape was the best call. I came across a beautiful, slightly rude bushveld paradise that was captured from time to time. And I feel that Bakshi sang the eleven at this point very badly, but I do like the little montage at this point that makes the various members of the Company look together after sitting in Moria. Aragorn giving a hobbit fence lesson is so charming (and equally canonical) a spectacle that Boromir participates with the hobbits in Hollin in the Jackson version. <br /> <br /> The portrayal of Aragorn as a convincing weather Ranger is good throughout this movie (Viggo Mortensen's spectacular Jesus doesn't really work for me), although it was interesting to see how they were in the character. second half wanted to clean up Gondor's benefit. John Hurt, without surprise, gives a strong vocal performance as well as a resonant William Squire in the part of Gandalf. The hobbits are supposedly meant to reflect contemporary youth as audience identification figures: I find the animated style (their relationships are much more "cartoony" than those of human characters) work well to distinguish them and the whole 'hairy feet' thing like Signed here comes about as much more plausibly as in more literal depictions, including many fanatic art. <br /> <br /> Personally, I have less objection to Boromir as Viking - he was always a fairly moving kind - as to beard-aragorn (illogical: these were both Numenorians), although I am clearly in a minority here is! <br /> <br /> The big mistake in this photo will always be the fact that it was an unfinished project, with a bizarre addressed voice over end trying to resolve issues. N pity; It would have been interesting, not to mention less frustrating, to see what Bakshi plans to make of Shelob and Minas Tirith, never think of the dead.
