With the release of Peter Jackson's famous "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it is even easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi's 1978-animated Lord of the Rings movie. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is the essential film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but it doesn't stop me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson acknowledged that he received at least some inspiration to see Bakshi's film and there are some clear similarities between their adjustments. <br /> <br /> The movie's colorful scenic wallpaper is excellent and the score is memorable. I was mostly happy with the drawings of the characters. The pippin Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are mostly not visually distinct, the Balrog and Treebeard were unimpressive, but these points didn't bother me much. However, the Nazgul is appropriately drawn and made sufficiently anxious. The only character representation I was touched on was Sam's; He was made to look silly silly. <br /> <br /> This film is novel for his animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are recorded in the animation by the rotoscope. It is very clear which characters are hand drawn and rotoscoped, yet I found that the style of the movie was a novelty. The use of roto-buying live actors for the war tones was a good decision and helped to perform these scenes well. <br /> <br /> The tuner was generally of high quality. Especially good was John Hurt, who gave an authoritative voice to Aragorn. Aragorn is not a favorite character of mine from the stories, but backed by John Hurt's voice, he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is strong enough for Gandalf. The only actor who was inappropriate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice was annoying and added Sam's unfortunate image. The only other troublesome part of the voice show is the non-performance of character and place names. Especially strange was the decision to call Saruman regularly as Aruman. <br /> <br /> In the production of this film, Ralph Bakshi expected to produce two films. So this movie contains about half the story, from the beginning of "The Society of the Ring" to the end of the battle at Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". The obvious implication of this is that the film's story is a highly condensed version of the story from the books. I enjoy the original stories and thorough adaptations, but the freedoms taken to compress the story didn't bother me, even the choice to leave Arwen out of the story. Enough of the key elements of the story were in this movie to keep me for the duration and there was even a novelty to breeze half of the Lord from the Rings story in 132 minutes. The battle scenes were impressive and especially the orc-march and the battle at Helm's Deep were great. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and undoubtedly a number of Lord Rings readers complain about the cuts to the story. However, for me, the disadvantages of this movie were slight compared to the excitement of effectively adjusting half of a large trilogy. My only strong regret is that I can't see the second part of this "first big story" by The Lord of the Rings, as Bakshi did not receive the budget to create a successor.
