I love this movie and it scares me that so many "judges" arrange it under the Peter Jackson trilogy. A sophisticated novel is always interpretive; In particular, an animated film is dependent on the artist's vision and should be judged on its own terms. When a purist speaks, it is a finer tribute to Tolkien as the updated version. While this movie has its faults, it remains more true for the source, especially as far as the characters are concerned. <br /> <br /> In the Jackson version, Tolkien's Frodo is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is portrayed as a weakling of continual wavering, manipulated by forces around him and never standing on his own two feet (It is physically and metaphorically true.) You wonder why the lot chose this nice cookie to carry one ring to the cracks of Doom. Jackson dismisses Tolkien in vain and robs Frodo of his best moment as he allows Arwen to save him from the Ringwraiths. Bakshi's version respects the original, and presents a Frodo that requires the twists and turns: "Go back and make me no more difficult!" Bakshi maintains Frodo's character when Tolkien understands it. We see its decrease as the weight of its load increases. Frodo is so central to Lord of the Rings you wonder why Jackson took such freedoms (he does so with many characters), as character development drives the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film explores the company between Legolas and Gimli better in a few discerning scenes that are completely lacking in Jackson's version. Similarly, we see Boromir with Pippin and Merry, who promote the idea of ​​community. For my taste, the camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than the live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in the novels and Bakshi pays tribute to one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the "Merry Old Inn" song, minutes before stumbling in Strider. The joyous tune is suddenly along the dark theme music when seconds later, invisible to his friends, but visible to the lashes, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the film and cold when I see it. <br /> <br /> The well-documented budget / time constraints limit this film's final impact, but has completed it. viewers. As it is, it is worth a look. Even his opponents acknowledge that Peter Jackson has derived much of his inspiration from this prototype.
