Godard once said a way to criticize a movie is to make one, and probably the strongest kind that can be made about Ralph Bakshi's performance on Tolkien's magnum opus, The Lord of the Rings, was actually made by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy, for me, is not even complete masterpieces, but they get enough space with each book to breathe in all the postmodern techniques crossed with classic storytelling to make them very good, entertaining entertainment. <br /> <br /> But if one who did not read the books, I now end up with the two versions, live-action (albeit partially animated in his great visual effect way) and animated (though partially done is with real life action as the framework) with regard to just the basic story, not even complete loyalty to the books. And with Bakshi's version, it's hardly fair in a way, because what we see really isn't the complete vision, not what Jackson really had (probably final cut). The return of the King's great climbs of the story, and with the other two parts rushed, I finally liked more than it did within its limits, but as such, the same limitations make it disappointing. <br /> <br /> What is also interesting, after seeing the Jackson movies first - which I also regret being different when I was younger and five years ago - is that the basic elements of the story never gets messed up with. Everything that is really needed to tell the Society of the Ring Story is actually very intact, and if something is likely to be even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book, it's clear in this section. The actors playing the parts of the hobbits and the other heroes are more or less adequate for the parts, with some parts standing out (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of extra characterization ends up making things look a little face-value for those who haven't even seen the other movies or read the books and can't put them in context. But there is always some interest in the characters, and here there is a more old-fashioned sensitivity amidst the great aura of it. It's not a garden species. It's a Bakshi movie with its underground animation roots clashing with the mythical world of the Middle Earth. <br /> <br /> And bringing Bakshi and his animation team to the movie is one that ultimately gives what is on the screen, in all its shortened form, its hit or mishap. Along with the fact that it is not quite complete as a movie or as stories, the form of the movie is an experiment to see if something can be completely rotated. The results now end up being retro, but at the moment something was a rough, crazy inspiration from the filmmakers. Maybe it's better with more traditional drawn animations? In some parts, yes; It is also a bit noticeable, as in Bakshi's American Pop, that the main characters move in such ways that are a bit shaky, like a different cartoon form of cartoon. Yet there are many that I admired in what was done. <br /> <br /> For example, the orcs really found me wonderful in their surrealistic environment. They may be the best part of combining the animation on top of the live action, especially during parts where there is no combat material (this is actually the right hit-or-miss section, as there is no continuity good and bad rotoskoop), and the chiaroscuro comes with large shapes on top. It's nice in a good way. And the backgrounds, while also very rough and sometimes too sketchy, are beautiful with the blends and storms of colors. It's almost something for art film buffers as much as for the ring notes. <br /> <br /> So how would I recommend this animated touch to the Lord of the Rings? I don't know to tell the truth. It's definitely a good notch above the other Tolkien animated movie I saw, the Hobbit (and I still saw the animated ROTK), and there are a few real works of art going on. There are also some stilted dialogs, an all-flushed Two Towers segment with the most intriguing character Gollum, which can be limited to two screens. And seeing something as fragmented just ends to strengthen the completeness of the more recent movies. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of the books that are considering checking this out, I'd say it's a chance valuation, even if it's one of those chances you have been watching for forty minutes and then Decide whether to stop it or not. As for Bakshi's other films, I saw that it was an impressive, ambitious and mocking performance, as with Lynch's Dune it had to draw a dark, murderous line in the sand between those who passionately hate it and those not it. I don't.
