As an animated film of 1978, it's pretty good - usually above the standard of the days Disney did nothing good in years (and Tolkien has done little for Disney anyway). It gets important points for innovative and careful camera work, with the application of movie techniques with relative success. The very malicious rotoscope actually works pretty well, especially with the Ringwraiths, and the opening narrative. However, it is so drastically over-utilized - possibly as a money-saving technique - that detracts from the overall effect. The same technique that makes ghostly and others worldwide does not come as well in the Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> Regarding storytelling, it's pretty good. Here and there we lose small pieces, small details such as the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, the Gaffer and the Sackville Bagginses. We compress a few characters, such as reviewing Legolas as one of Elrond's households and an old friend of Aragorn's, but it's a pretty wise decision for film. In books, you have space to include the references to the greater world of the Elves and the Middle Earth's great history. In film, you do it for visuals and sounds that convey the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical is really lost here, and although I have little of the changes, I'm generally quite happy. <br /> <br /> If only the twisted writers managed to remember Saruman's name, he who is often referred to as Aruman is a decision likely to make him clearer of the similar Sauron; It took me a second look before I was sure I didn't help it. It's also annoying that Boromir is a bloody stage viking, and irritated from the start. Gandalf is excellent, however, and the rest of the voice work is excellent. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, with the movie ending in the middle of the story, there's a lot of disappointment built into it. What makes it far, much worse is the both unfortunate work the Rankin did. & Bass crew on the successor. That they are allowed to return to the King to be the victim of The Hobbit remains a great secret; they look more interested in bad songs than in proper storytelling. For all its mistakes, this movie's heart is firmly in place and it is trying very hard to achieve an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the coming series of movies is so true to his vision ...
