More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's visionary adaptation of The Lord Of The Rings, there was an animated attempt by director Ralph Bakshi in 1978. An ambitious and fairly faithful version of the story, unfortunately, is rather overshadowed by the Jackson trilogy. Indeed, many reviewers on the IMDb (especially those who have seen the newer version first) seem to be very unfriendly for this version .... but if you use a little common sense, and take the time into account and the technical possibilities that existed at the time will realize they are a good movie. Indeed, it was shortly afterwards to see this end-of-life movie back in the early 80's that I was looking for Tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong fan of this richly detailed Middle Earth adventure. So, in some respects, I am guilty of this film being acknowledged as the film that shaped my literary taste forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of the Middle Earth, forges a universal ring that gives him incredible power. After a huge battle during which Sauron is defeated, the ring is in possession of a king named Isildur ??. but instead of destroying it, he chooses foolishly to keep it. For centuries, the ring has gone from hand to hand, eventually holding a hobbit called Frodo Baggins, known in a peaceful community as The Shire. Frodo learns of a wizard named Gandalf that his ring is in fact The One Ring, exactly the same thing that Sauron had forged those centuries ago and that his master was looking to restore his dark power over the whole. country. Frodo embarks on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but every step of the way they are driven by Sauron's ring-wraiths, the Black Riders. There are many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to lead the ring to the only place where it can be uncomfortable? Mount Doom, in the country of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the borders of Mordor, and still closes close to their terrible destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the other members of the company are fighting a large army of Orcs at Helm's Deep's legendary fortress. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half the original book. A second installment was planned to end the story, but was never completed. As the end suddenly feels, it ends at least at a sensible point in the story. One must feel a little frustration and regret that there is no follow-up in which we can follow these animated heroes to their ultimate goal. The animation is sensible, with a nice variety of venues and characters presented in interesting details. The music by Leonard Rosenman is suitable to stir and fit the epic story appropriately. The voice surplus is also decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who gives Sam the voice - is rather champion and goofy, which is not well-suited to the character. The Lord of the Rings is a beautiful attempt to visualize the staggering book on which it is based.
