There is very little doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne claims he is the father of science fiction, but his stories were more adventure stories using wonderful inventions as plot devices. Wells was deep and brought subtitles to his stories. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is little to any evidence that people believed in life on other planets before the 20th century where many people, including Richard Dawkins, now consider it a lot of certainty. There is, of course, no evidence of, and it cannot help, because it is Wells who introduced it to human thought? It was undoubtedly Wells who planted the seed. <br /> <br /> THINGS TO COME have been adapted by Wells himself from his own novel. However, it is obvious that he cannot tell the difference between the techniques of writing novels and writers. The dialouge is often loaded, heavily handed and unconvincing. One thing in the point is the two pilots of opposite sides discussing the nature of the war. "Why should we kill each other?" Why is it? "It reflects the criticism, close to naked contempt that Orwell had of Wells in his drafting of Wells, Hitler and The World State and it is true that Wells's anti-war message is painfully over-emphasized. It would be impossible to believe a conversation between A RAF pilot and his opposite number in the Luftwaffe a few years later. <br /> <br /> It said it was absolutely fascinating to watch a movie from 1935 predicting a global war that was in 1940 There is a striking and haunting imagery as a child beats a drum as a ghost in the background and the collapse of society and the fear of The Wanderng disease is wonderfully realized Even the rather lazy storytelling in which the year of the environment is shown has a compelling nature, these are the images that make this movie, along with Arthur Bliss score that makes the movie so memorable. asks the question: "The universe or nothing. What will it be? ”In short, it's a movie whose mistakes are easy to forgive
