H. Wells in 1936 was past his head and the books of her who survived were long gone. He was at the end of his life and he faced his dream that became sour. By the beginning of the 20th century he defended the idea that the world was doomed because the evolution of species, natural biology on the one hand and Marxism, market economy on the other hand, necessarily led to the victory of the weaker over the stronger because of the simple criterion of the number. The weaker was the mass of humanity and the stronger was the minority elite. He then defended a strict eugenic policy with the elimination of everyone who somehow weakened mankind. First of all, the non-Caucasian, with the only exception of the Jews who would disappear because of mixed marriages. Then, within the Caucasian community, all who were not healthy, the alcoholics, mentally handicapped, all who were genetically disabled, etc. It wasn't Hitler. This was H.G. Wells and it wasn't after the first world war. It was more than ten years earlier. And twenty years before the first world war, he published The Time Machine which defended the idea that the human "race", which by its very nature and because of the stronger cosmological evolution of life on earth, would see the differentiation of man "race" in two "species": the working class would become a subterranean labor force and the bourgeoisie would become an idle surface. The point was in the novel that the surface was sophisticated and weak idle species were the prey of the other species that were predators. Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger and politicians had to stop this evolution by drawing up a strict eugenic policy. The first countries to follow this mission were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last to drop some of them briefly. The film here presents a vision of 2036 with a world government that is absolutely dictatorial in the fact that there is no election, no parliament, no real democratic institution, only peace imposed by military conquest and government dominated by one man or most one man and his few councilors. And in that future world, everyone, absolutely all people are Caucasians. Wells was able to think that humanity was completely white by 2036. Amazing. Wells has envisioned a kind of rebellion, but it would be short-lived and lead to nothing. The last sentence is the vision of this white civilization that conquers the whole universe when heaven and its stars and planets are considered. Frightening. And it was manufactured in 1936. All the frightening, since nowhere can be found the slightest mention of Hitlerism, Fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is essential to have that movie in a well-restored version, as it is essential to have a complete vision of H.G. Wells to have. We are apparently very far away from the Brave New World of "democratic" social selection, or the Animal Farm of the dictatorship of the pig proletariat, or the 1984 of the Big Brother abstract medical dictatorship. This vision is at least as scary as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells to British science fiction writers of his days. It would be unfair to go further. It reveals that in England, in the first three decades of the 20th century, there was a great fear of intellectuals: the fear that the future would only be sombre, dark, and in the form of a dead end. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris University 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & Versailles University Saint Quentin and Yvelines
