"THINGS TO COME" Movie Review by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here's another great science fiction movie from a different time and place. It's a movie I only saw in shortened parts, but Art should be taken as a whole. I experienced this movie as it was designed in a dark theater on a silver screen, with flirting movies and an audience sharing it. That heard and myself was performed by this movie! One woman who lived during the Second World War was astounded by the remembered war of war and supplemented by the positive, though choppy, ending. <br /> <br /> The things that caught my attention from the beginning were the initial credits. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in bold corner copy, much like the "Superman" of yore. It's not the movie, but the creator's title, and then before any other person, such as actors or productions, is listed. The director William Cameron Menzies is there! Who? You probably saw his work before, "Around the world in 80 days," Proud of the Yankees, "and" Going With The Wind. " He did not after this Sci-Fi epic operation, he and Mr. Wells created, but his film, sets and designs are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> The images are very effective. I recognized images of many other films, which paid tribute to this classic. The recent "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is clear, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow," "Night of the Living Dead" I know of but what titles escape me. These are real special effects here, scenes now done with CGI are done with actors, big sets and detailed models. This film was made in 1936, and it is clear that it means something to the other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, and the music, and Korda, the producer, made a masterpiece with message, warning and sermon. <br /> <br /> The lines of Shakespeare actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes sounds preachy, but I also hear lines I still hear. "These toy children nowadays have nothing like me when I was a child." "It will help to develop their coordination." "What do we need books for, what should we read?", "We do not need cars, there is nowhere to go, we have everything we need here," "There will be no war." But war Is there! The naive citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall. The never-ending war explodes Christmas Eve. The little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is an image that probably always stays with me. It is the 1936 world that worn blinds for Hitler's care. This war does not end. The poison gas of the air war segues in the second act. <br /> <br /> It's still a dark age. No government, no services, and people went along and the war shouted that nobody remembered anything. Plans, warlords and bullying to get the aircraft that are looking for fuel that no longer exists. Love is shot in the street before they can carry the plague to another. Halfway there is a wonderful vignette about the Rolls Royce, which is an essential break in the middle. In this country is a futuristic plane that reminds the future. <br /> <br /> The future is the third act. The world rebuilt itself with the help of that "disabled animal, man." Helicopters fly into this movie before they even find out. The Plumber's Helper has other uses than the Dalek or Glenn Miller. Wide screen plasma screens cheat the masses, and oraters encourage people to tear it all off. "Beware of the concussion, you are warned!", Warns the city father of the turbulent population. So be warned, this movie can hit you as it hits me. There are some cute misconceptions and wrong calculations, but the thoughtful idealism is what is really worth thinking about, and I want to see this movie again. Others criticize Mr. Wells' vision. It is very easy to work with 20/20 afterwards on things, costumes and foley miscues. I believe Mr. Wells' "things to come" are not about things, but are about concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals. In addition, we are just starting the new millennium and are not in the time to come. It's not cheap carton British science fiction, but worth Epic Filmed Opera, sans singing, which as a whole concept wins some small dated shortcomings.
