I must admit a little disappointment with this movie; I read a lot about how spectacular it was, but the real futuristic rows, the Age of Science, take up a very small amount of the movie. The sets are great when we come to them, and there are some surprising images, but this final order is lacking in too many other greetings ... <br /> <br /> Many of the best plays of the play are in the mid-section, and then it plays as melodrama, arising from the 'high concept' science fiction nature of everything and insufficiently robust dialogue. However, there is much more human life in this part, with the great Ralph Richardson glorifying the top sail as the little dictator, the "boss" of Everytown. I loved Richardson's ways and delivery of lines, and rejected the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's premier, confident visitor. This boss is a privileged, convincingly deceived figure, unable to realize the smallish nature of his kingdom. It's not a big part, but Richardson does a lot of it. <br /> <br /> Everytown itself is supposedly meant to be England, or at least an English town that is fairly representative of England. Interestingly, the complete avoidance of any religious side to things; the "things to come" seem to be around a conflict between warbarism and a belief in science that has little purpose but just to continue. There is an apologetic attempt to collect arguments and tensions in the latter part about more personal 'life', but one is left rather dissatisfied. The film did not have much interest in subtle complexities; It's going to be a spectacular spectacle and impeccable, blunt moralism, every time. And of course, remember the entrenched final: Raymond Massey becomes lyre about how uncertain things are! <br /> <br /> If the film is a prediction, I must say that it is not bad at all, as it is clear that it is impossible to get the details of life anything right. The bigger concepts have something for them; a war in 1940, and it was perhaps predictable ... Expensive almost 30 years, thought! A nuclear bomb - the "super gun" or such a contrast - in 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "we don't believe in independent nation states" type government, in Britain, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately nowhere close to that one, boyfriends! ;-) No real politics has been entered here that is shameful; All the surfaces are a very laudable anti-war sentiment. Generally, it is assumed that dictatorship - or a baboons-luddite fascist, such as under the boss, or all the hands-to-pump scientific socialism - will be the deal * and these implications are not broken. While we must remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge of how Nazism and Communism would come out - or even how they turned out - the lack of consideration seems gentle on the scale of the filmmakers' vision of other matters. <br /> <br /> Many of the previous things should - and could - be cut; only the shortest things of '1940' would have been necessary, but this segment tends to become ponderous, and that is centuries before we get to the Richardson Massey parts. I would have liked to see more with Margaret Scott; Who is just a tiny skeptic, who cuts a shiny eyes-mediterranean figure to a negligible goal. The character is not investigated or honestly declared or exploited, except for one scene I will not spoil and her relationship with the boss is not investigated; But then it was the 1930s, and then there was such a thing as widespread institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is generously amusing in his two roles; more so in the first place as an intrepid chap, pray for the war, just to lay down completely by another Massey character. Massey helps himself a lot, plays his parts with a mix of restraint and gloomy gusto, which contrasts well with a largely diffuse role, except for Richardson and Scott and Chapman. <br /> <br /> I will say "Things to Come" is undoubtedly an extraordinary film made in Britain in 1936; one of the few serious British science fiction films so far! The set (piece) design and use of resources is rude, wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately excessive and sometimes everywhere. The direction tends to be flat, although sometimes it is a spectacular gear or two. The filmmaker and mr. However, Richardson really saves things. respectively create a wide sense of wonder of technology, and an engaging, rugged performance that consistently embarrasses. Such a shame is so little dust or real cinematic conception for the whole thing; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect director to tackle such a task this way. They are unparalleled among British directors as daring visual storytellers, great characters of characters and traders in dialogue of the first course. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come", as it stands, is an intriguing peculiarity, worthy of appreciation, but far from a "metropolis" ... "It's so much like" stupid ", in Wells's words, such as that long film, but with nothing like its amazing power.
