This early sci-fi masterpiece by Herbert George Wells with music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful piece of film. Adapted from Wells's somewhat different work by the author, it offers a glimpse of the human future with the subject of wartime times as opposed to the periods of peace. The structure is that after a contrasting few episodes of normal and war clouds come together, the script leaves the war. Two families, the Cabells and the Passworthys disagree on what might happen; Passionate take a hopeful view of civilization's "automatic" progress; Cabell is the thinker, the doubter. Their city, Everytown - of course London - is devastated by a war with tanks, a wonderful war march by Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds people in the wreck of the city under a "boss" who was bravura played by Ralph Richardson, whose wife, beautiful Margaretta Scott, is as fascinating as a dreamer, as he is a concrete bound dictator. He is trying to rebuild old WWI aircraft so he can attack a nearby hill tribe to complete his grandson; A young scientist complains about the fact that his work is constantly interrupting claims for aircraft - etc. - forever; this is Wells's comment on war against progress. The survivors are also subject to a plague called "The Wandering Sickness". Enter a modern flying machine launched by the Cabell of the first part of the film, now part of Wings Over the World, a Coalition of International Scientists intending to end war forever. This custom modernist has fascinating conversations with the boss and his wife, their appeal is clear; then Boss sends his plane against them, the Scientists come up with large numbers of planes and leave the "Gas of Peace" on the ruins of Everytown. Only the boss dies and fights too hard against the pacifying. The film then shows that ore is mined and made by slow steps in the curtains of a wonderful new futuristic city of towers. In article three, a future Cabell argues with a future Passion on the morality of human science. Worthy of knowing whether they have the right to send men to the Moon; Cabell Champion's right to progress and the need to expand his horizons. Passwaardy's son and Cabell's daughter are sent astronauts. Theotocopulos, a religious Luddite, makes a fiery speech on a big screen in the city's Forum and launches an attack on the "space gun" that wants to release the new rocket free from Earth's gravity. The highlight of the plot is the space of the space gun successfully; The denial and end is a speech by Cabell that praises the value and science universally regarded as the most profound defense of the thought ever written. "It's the universe - or nothing!" Cabell is telling the truth. "What will it be?" As Cabell, Raymond Massey may give his biggest screen performance; He is considerate, compassionate and reasonable, a true scientist. As the rabble rower who wants to end the Age of Science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman plays Passionate glorify the voice of convention and fear. The storyline is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the post-extinction of man, the idea of ​​a civilization managed by rebuilding scientists becomes credible and credible to the viewer. It is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for everyone involved. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; within its contracted boundaries, it is a thinker's drama that discusses two possible human terms - progress or its reactionary opposite.
