I was just a babe in the arms when George Lucas waved the world with her from the world. Saga chronic the adventures of young Luke Skywalker and the infamous Darth Vadar, but even 20 years today I can appreciate the brilliant Lucas and the incredible. imagination he is blessed with. In a New Hope, Lucas has a new way of telling stories as he introduced us to such unforgettable characters such as the cute Princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and the passionate Luke Skywalker as well as the best of villains, the sinister Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back he went all out to show us. Special effects can add to a story and succeed in doing something no one thought you could on the screen. He made a movie with no specific end or start and it was a surprise. Returning the Jedi is an appropriate end to a Saga that will endure the test of time. <br /> <br /> When the Empire Srtikes Back ended with the envelope of the lovely Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba the Hut. and young Luke who was from the discovery of a terrible truth about his Father left us with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse. What it looked like won the day. How we asked, can the rebels ever recover from this battle? In Lucas's beautiful and captivating final chapter, we are kept on the edges of our seats of Han's daring rescue from Jabba's palace to the final clash of stars at the Star Star between Luke and Vadar, as Luke is struggling for his duties as a Jedi and fulfill rebel fighter. and trying to resurrect the good he believes is still in his Father's soul. Old friends like the smooth talk Lando Calrissian and the ever lovely Chewbacca reunited for one last battle to end all battles as a new darker. Dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the emperor himself (played by brilliant Ian McDiarmiud. He missed a mystery on an Oscar.) Desperate to turn Lukas to the Dark Side, even if it means his pupil Darth Vadar betray. Already in black with his red eyes, haunting white unsuitable face and sinister laughter, he is truly a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed master of events unfolding. His new and improved star star game disaster for the rebels, but the brave group starts one last desperate attack to end the empire's government. <br /> <br /> Lucas could incorporate three different stories simultaneously and keep the action going so the audience sounds. We look in excitement as Han and Leia try to shield the Star star from the Endor forest moon with the help of a beautiful Ewoks (which I really do not believe in the movie. In fact, I feel they are giving a kind of postponement of the tensions of the battles at and in the Star Star) and obstructed by legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers. We encourage Lando and the other pilots to take on the mighty Imperial Fleet and fly life and limbs into the Deatn Star to destroy it once and for all. And we watched with breath as Vadar and the Emperor tried to turn Lukas to the Dark Side, trying again to turn his father back. <br /> <br /> But for me, the toughest and yet compelling battles go inside Darth Vadar. For ROTJ is a struggle of emotions and feelings. Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the Emporer and the Empire and his paternal tendencies to Luke. I never thought a mask could show emotion, but one could not only see the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the final scene as the Emporer turned to Lucas. There is more depth and emotion to Vadar than I believed a villain, especially one machine that man can have and what I think is that makes him so accessible. He's in conflict. The apprentice as much as the Master. The victim as much as the villain. Without ruining the end too much. Vadar's final scene is the most beautiful and wonderful in the trilogy. <br /> <br /> Finally, what can I say. George Lucas is the master of the Saga. Star Wars is the most compelling Sagas I've seen long ago, and I still have a Saga rival for it. Returning the Jedi has all the ingredients needed to earn the end of Lucas's masterpiece. It is action, excitement, romance, tragedy, salvation, joy, all rolled into one's unforgettable characters, wonderful special effects and catchy music both make a good movie in its own right and an end that Lucas can be proud of.
