All right, my title is a little lame, and almost sells this movie short. I remember talking to Siskel and Ebert in '94 about this movie and then playing a clip or two. I wasn't a rap-conscious man (although I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer music), I wasn't very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then S & E showed the scene where the band explained how they chose their name (using a "shadow" logic and a bunch of "made up" facts) and then another scene where the band and their rival visiting a school to get involved (and of course NWH comes up with some information on how the rival leader is a loser because he had good grades at school and was on the yearbook committee). So I turned it down to see this movie. <br /> <br /> A few years later, this thing appeared on HBO and I recorded it, just to laugh at my buttocks. Yes, it has a kind of rhythmic rhythm. Even the documentary basically takes the same "tone" in setting the clips, and the band follows a similar path (which I now call the "behind the music" phenomenon - smaller band good chemistry, becomes known, too much money too fast, crawling, drugs, some kind of death, breaking band, then reconciling, ending with a lot of more albums in the future and fading to black. The one thing that is true is that in Spinal Tap you Tape might catch a little more success in their past, but Tap is dragging on a few points, and in my mind is reduced to laughter set up by specific scenes. a place where he wants the amplifier to go to "ELEVEN", this is the place where the man makes the pint-sized stone beam etc. <br /> <br /> Unlike FoaBH, which has more "unexpected" humor You can see it coming, but there's not a big set-up for every joke - sometimes the jokes flow just as well. Cundieff and the other actors in the group had a real chemistry that worked. Also the direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer, and a lot of other caricature-type rappers worked really well. It strikes me as a movie you once watched to get the main story and laugh, and then go back and look to catch the subtle jokes. And the songs. Is "My Peanuts" Better Than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I don't know - but they're both damn funny. Tone Def's horrible video during his awakening phase is so bizarre, yet so funny. <br /> <br /> I can go a little while but save your time and don't waste it on CB4. I watched and got bored the first half hour. You are not bored on FoaBH. There are a little less funny moments, but you can never know when something will happen. Perhaps my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (called ripoffs if I ever heard) discover they shared the same girl .... at one point, you have those two guns together, and the next thing you know , the driver, the photographer, the girl, and I even think Tone Def is in the room that shows guns on top of each other, switching targets to and fro. And of course someone is shot. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that NWH's executives suffered similar fatalities to Spinal Tap's drummers (although no one spontaneously burned, I don't think). There were enough similarities that I could not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before this film was written, although it is clearly the Spinal Tap of hip-hop. Although some similarities exist, the humor is different, and the movie looks more like a real documentary (perhaps because we don't recognize a single actor in this thing, even the man who "played Lamar" of "Revenge of the Nerds "). . All in all, this movie, in my opinion, has "street credit". Just like NWH.
