This film is, in my opinion, the worst movie in the original Star Wars trilogy, for various reasons. However, it is a winner at the end of the day, despite all its mistakes. It's still a very good movie, even though much of its quality depends on the characters built up in the superior 2 installments. <br /> <br /> One problem here is the appearance of the movie, which is not very consistent with the other 2 movies. I really like the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first 2 movies have that dirty, built-in look with all the technology and so on. In contrast, in "Jedi" even the rebels seem to have just come out of the shower and cleaned their uniforms. This makes for a much less textured film. Also the creatures were excessively muppet and snug. At this stage, it seems that the filmmakers were more concerned about creating the templates for future action characters than with the quality of the movie itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is its lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a whole new cinema and "Empire" experience, we brought in strange worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, "Jedi" recovered the places of the first movie. First we are back on the desert plan Tatooine, and then we look at their face. Another star star (maybe the emperor can't think of anything new ... but you think Lucas or Kasdan can). We also have this ewoks, who are actually just horrible teddy bears, who would be in a recycled version of the main wookie battle at the end of the "Star Wars" if they didn't run out of cash. It just feels like lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" to me is the poor handling of the Han Solo character. While central to the plot of the first 2 movies here, he struggles for screen time, trading one linen with the droids. Instead of a real drama, we are stuck with the lame pretense that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the conclusion of 'Empire' where she confessed her love for him never happened. The whole thing is very confronted and almost hides the fact that the Solo character was not after the salvation of this film's central story. Ford, for his part, seems bored and lacks the style that distinguished his past achievements. It's more like a 1990 Ford show, bored and watch the movie itself. Fisher for her part is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced in the "Empire", stands here as the harvestable person we care about in the giant space battle. Only Hamill, who gives an interesting development in the Luke character, can really make something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only major actor in the film who still cares about his work. And to be honest, the script gives him much more to do than the other characters. Actually, it's his story and the other characters are just there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does excellent work as well as the emperor. The movie would sink if it were over (as he was sometimes in the new movies). <br /> <br /> Visually and in terms of effect work, unlike the "clean" look of everything It's hard to find fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most extensive ever built. The space battle at the end is very impressive. <br /> <br /> Eventually, this movie kisses success based on the achievements of its ancestors. But on its own, it's a satisfying piece of entertainment and IMHO much better than any of Lucas's later productions.
