Brian Yuzna is often confronted as a director for his trashy gore fests, but the truth is that his films are not bad at all. The Re-Animator sequels are not as big as the original, but are still worthy of horror successors. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; And society is not a world away from a surrealistic horror masterpiece. This thriller is definitely not a masterpiece; But it shows Yuzna's eye for horror, and the plot moves in a way that is always exciting and engaging. I'm really surprised that a horror movie about dentistry didn't show up until 1996, because after the dentist it's almost a primary fear - it goes away from a tiger to the modern world. Dentistry doesn't scare me, but surprisingly; I want it to be in the minority. The plot follows perfectionist dentist Dr Feinstone. He has a beautiful home, a successful career and a beautiful woman - almost everything most people want. But his life takes a turn for the worse when he discovers his wife's relationship with the pool killer. And his life is not the only one; as it is his patients who feel the full source of his anger ... <br /> <br /> If it's going to scare the audience, this movie really makes him. However, credit must go to the director for the withdrawal of the full quota of fright from the central theme. The fact that he does a good job is summed up by the fact that I am not discouraged to go to the dentist - yet one particular scene has really covered my eyes! The film follows the standard man who goes crazy plot sketches. Only with the dentist do you always get the impression that there is more to the film than we see. It is not so often that a gore movie can impress on a substance level - and while it won't win a prize, the parody on the top class is tied neatly. The acting, while the B-class, is actually quite impressive; With Corbin Bernsen taking the lead and doing a good job convincing the audience that he is really a man on the verge. I must thank Brian Yuzna for the prediction of Ken Foree in the movie. The Dawn of the Dead doesn't get enough work and I really enjoy watching him in movies. The rest of the movie is not impressive, but everyone does their job well enough. Overall, the Dentist offers a refreshing change for nineties slasher movies. The gore screens are sure to please horror fans, and I don't hesitate to recommend this movie.
