The dentist starts the morning of dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wedding anniversary of his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). On the surface, Mr. A wife. Feinstone to have a nice life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles and he has a successful career with responsibility, but among the things is very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke has a relationship with Matt (Michael Stadvec) the pool cleaner, to add to his humiliation. Alan discovers that Matt also has sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his neighbor neighbors. Whatever he owes, the IRS, breathing his neck, applies a scouring charge. Alan starts losing his head, he convinces himself that everything is decaying and rotten, just like his patient's teeth, and it is up to him to fix it. That morning at work he began to put his frustrations and anger on his patients. First, he injured a young boy, named Jody (Brian McLaughlin). His sexual assault is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after hallucinating that she is his wife. & Deliberately do an unnecessary and painful procedure on another. Alan also starts drugs when he loses it completely and starts killing his adulterous wife and pool killer ... <br /> <br /> Targeted by Brian Yuzna I thought the dentist was a good movie and tried something different. The story of Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more of a psychotherapist than a straight-skater who was a surprise to me, as I expected the latter. It would have been easy to make a teenage treasure movie like Friday the 13th 1980 with a high body number and a sensible crack dentist villain, but what the dentist actually seems to be very different. The dentist at heart is a character study of one male descent in madness and it does a good job, although I said I am not sure what he is going through is enough justification for his subsequent murderous actions. It moves at a good pace, has a nice narrative in which I keep the constant connection. Alan makes between the decay he sees in his patients and the decay he sees around the world and is an entertaining way to pass 90 strange minutes. It goes without saying that someone with a phobia about the dentist should probably give this one a go or you will never go again! I also like the end where the tables are turned around, I won't say anymore. <br /> <br /> Director Yuzna does his usual good job here, in fact I don't think I saw a Yuzna. film that I did not enjoy to some extent, he obviously and predictably uses the opportunity to play on our fear of the dentist, with some beautiful tannin torture pieces, including people's teeth, sexually molested, drugs and people torture with the dreaded dentist's drill. There are also other gore scenes, a dead dog, someone cut and cut a knife with a knife. Yuzna gives the film a certain style that was probably a low budget, he likes to tilt his camera, which makes for some nice corners and I love the shot where the camera is cut above someone and big bloodshots splash on the floor in a nice wide corner. <br /> <br /> Technically, the dentist is fine, decent cinematography, music and production values, although some of the special makeup effects seem a bit inconclusive. The play is pretty strong from everyone involved in Corbin, and has a good crack performance. The always cool and genre favorite Ken Foree appears as Detective Gibbs one of Los Angeles best. <br /> <br /> The Dentist has not turned out as I expected, and better for it, if you are a horror fan and maybe want something else, then it is worth checking out. I liked it and think it's definitely worth a watch.
