The dentist is a very good thriller. And pretty disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of running into a psycho dentist are far greater than running in monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this movie is so scary. During this movie you will probably think about your own dentist a few times. Whether he is able to do such things. You better pray that his wife does not deceive him. That's what the story is about. A respected dentist in LA understands when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with the pool boy. (That's the biggest occupation in the world. By the way, Poolboys always uses the housewife when the man is at his job.) Our dentist, dr. Festivals, can only take revenge. He can no longer concentrate on his patients and some of them are hurt. Things aren't made easier for our dentist by being chased by an annoying tax administrator, a strange police spokesman and a suspicious staff member of his country. At one stage dr. Feinstone no longer takes it. Now he is not just his wife, but all who come near him. The dentist was written and directed by Brian Yuzna and written by Stuart Gordon. You can take it as a recommendation for yourself. These 2 people have already given us some great horror movies (and my personal favorites), such as Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist they succeed in bringing an entertaining and very cold thriller. This movie arrived on time in time. For decades, we have not brought much horror movies to date. I don't say it's a masterpiece at all, but it's a good change. Corbin Bensen is big like the dentist obsessed with hygiene. I mostly remember him as a comedy or drama actor, but he can probably handle a psychotic character. The rest of the role-play also works well. The woman playing Feinstone's wife is really attractive. Also, it was great to see Ken Foree again. The actor of my all-time favorite movie Dawn of the Dead plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna threw him from outside 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this movie to anyone (if you have a poor stomach, I will recommend you skip it), but if you see it, you will enjoy it very much. You will be disgusting ... but that's an extra reason, I think. It was a while because I was really scared to watch a movie. It's a good topic to deal with in the genre and Yuzna does it in a good way. Too bad is this movie followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
