I thought ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that most people who voted voted ROTJ as the worst installment in the Trilogy. For me it seems that ROTJ was the best because it had the most profound plot, the most stressed, surprises, most emotional (especially the end) and certainly the most episodic movie. I personally like the Empire, but I think it is slightly less good than ROTJ, as it slows down, wasn't so episodic, and I just didn't feel as much tension or emotion as I did with the third. movie. It also seems to me that after reading these surprising reviews that the reasons people quoted for ROTJ are an inferior movie to the other, are just rude and are insignificant reasons compared to the mere excellence of the film as a whole . I heard many strange reasons, such as: a) Because Yoda died. B) Because Bobba Fett is dead. C) Because small Ewoks defeated a group of storm troopers. D) Because Darth Vader was unveiled, I would like to uncover each of these reasons because I believe they completely miss the point. First, who cares about Bobba Fett's death ?? If George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted to die. Don't get me wrong. I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he made a few cameo appearances and it wasn't Lucas's intention to make him a central character in the films that fans of Star Wars made him. His name is not even mentioned in the movie ... You had to go to the credits to find out Bobba Fett's name !!! ROTJ judges because a minor character died, is a bit I think ... Secondly, many supporters did not die from Yoda. Certainly, it was an important time in the movie. I was not happy to see him die, but it made the movie more realistic. All the good guys can't live in a realistic movie, you know. Unlike ALL the good guys lived and ALL the bad guys died, this movie would be a cheese-like Saturday morning cartoon. Another aspect of this point about people who don't like Yoda's death. Well, nobody complained when Darth Vader Obi Wan Kenobi hit a new hope. (Many consider a new hope to be the best of the Trilogy.) Why was Obi Wan's death ok, but Yoda isn't ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I can't believe is even said because people found cute Ewoks overwhelming storm troopers impossible. It's totally ridiculous !! I can't believe this one !! First, the Ewoks are in their own planet Endor, so they are aware of their home ground since they live there. If you watch the movie carefully, many of the tactics the Ewoks used to defeat the storm troopers were through excellent use of their own home field benefits. (As you lived your whole life in the woods, I hope you would have learned to use it to your advantage.) They had swinging vineyards, ropes, logs erected to pull the hikers and other skins. The storm troops were highly disadvantaged because they were unnecessary and unaware of the benefits of the forest. The only thing they had was their blowers. To add, it wasn't as if the Ewoks were struggling with the storm troopers themselves, they were heavily assisted by the group of rebels in that conquest. I thought that if the storm troops were to defeat a combination of the Star Wars hero's, the rebel group, as well as the great clan of Ewoks with great familiarity with their home ground, it would have been a great riot. Lastly, if this scene was still incredible to you. How about Empire Strike Back or New Hope where there are quite a few scenes of a group consisting of only Han Solo, Chewbacca, and the Princess who has ten teenagers and all their blowers missed while the heroes were in full view !! And not only that, the heroes have always hit the Stormtroopers with their blowers. The troops must have very, very bad goals! At least in the Empire Strikes Back, the Battle of Endor was much more credible because you didn't have two armies apart 3 heroes against a legion storm troopers. Don't believe me? Look at the battle at Cloud City when our heroes have escaped from the country's territory. Or when our heroes saved Princess Leia and were shot (somehow they missed) as Han Solo and Luke tried to leave the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I care to discuss (others are just too ordinary ridiculous to spend my time here) is that people didn't like Darth Vader being revealed! Well, in many ways it was a big part of the plot in the movie. Luke tried to determine whether Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker or not. It would have been disappointing if the movie ended without Luke seeing his father's face because it had completed it. Through Annakin's revelation, it underwent the transition that Darth Vader had undergone through the dark side (in his helmet) and to the good person he was Annakin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin has turned back to the light side and that's what the meaning of the helmet removal scene is about. In fact, that is what I would have done in that scene if I was Luke's father. Isn't that what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before you died and not in a mechanized helmet? <br /> <br /> On another note, I think a subconscious or conscious expectation among most people is that the successor should be worse (though better), the foregoing movies are another reason why ROTJ doesn't get many awards as it deserves. I'm never in a movie with the deception in mind, I always try to go into a movie with the attitude that "Well, it can be better or worse than the original. But I'm not sure. Let's come look. "That way I go with an open mind and don't force myself to think that a clearer better movie wasn't as good as it really was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticized these movies, but I asked many college students and adults about what is their favorite Star Wars movie and they tell me all (except for one person who said that a new hope was their favorite) that it is ROTJ. I believe the results on these polls are frightening and quite misleading. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, the return of the Jedi was the best of the Trilogy. This movie was the only one of the three that sounded like me in the 135 minutes. There wasn't a moment of boredom, because every scene was exciting, exciting, surprising or all of the above. For example, the emotional light rope battle between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than the one in the empire who fell back any day! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people open the Phantom Menace, because if fans start looking for nitpicky, insignificant details (or see it as "just another sequel") to spill like "This movie stinks because Luke is not in it!" then this deserving movie will be another spectacular movie that will be the subject of rogue like ROTJ unfortunately suffered. <br /> <br />
