I especially remember this movie when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this movie and how it expressed her as a child. Of course the bloodthirsty gall I am, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I don't know how to set it without losing credibility, so I'm just going to say, I actually had fun watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story, and more than bloody and horrible, but that's what I'm looking for and the dentist delivers in the screams, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a fun movie like this to just release and get out. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessive with order and cleanliness. On the day of his marriage, he spies his wife, Brooke, with sex with their dirty policeman, Matt. At his dental practice, Feinstone's first patient of the day is young Jody Saunders, there for his first dental appointment. Party tones begin to clean Jody's teeth. Everything goes smoothly until he thinks Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental dials, Jody in the gum. Jody's mother picks up her crying, bleeding child and goes terribly behind. Feinstone sees his second patient, beauty queen April Reign. Only with April is Feinstone sharpening her with nitric oxide so that he can fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she ran away in unconsciousness, Feinstone thought she had transformed into his wife. He starts kissing and bumps her on the dental chair, and starts choking her. April begins to cough and half wake up from the gas. Feestone snap out of his trance and blow again in April's blouse. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone at his practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-themed patient room. He encouraged Brooke to try out the room's dental chair. When she does, Feinstone binds her to the chair and soothes her with nitric oxide. With operative music leafing in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth. Feinstones went from the depths and will definitely not allow anyone to stand in his beauty situation. <br /> <br /> Honestly, as much as this movie sounds, I really enjoyed the dentist. The best scene for sure is when he teaches that nasty IRS agent a lesson in hygiene that I'm sure he'll never forget. Man, I don't think I brushed my teeth much after looking at the dentist. Yes, I'm going to warn you, this movie is no way for the dull of the heart, it's very bloody. There are stings, gun shots and just this brutal dentist torture scenes that turn your stomach. Another way I just enjoyed this movie, if I ever want a good gore movie made for real horror fans, I slip it into my DVD player and that's the "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I'm trying, give me some credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
