After his wife, Linda Hoffman, testified of sexual acts with the pool son, the somewhat unstable dentist has dr. Feestone (Corbin Bernsen) completely cut down which means deep problems for his patients. <br /> <br /> This beautiful semi original and entertaining horror flick by director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change to the pace of the usual horror twaddle passed in the late nineties. Although ?? The Dentist is meant to be a cute, fun movie, Yuzna assures that the movie delivers the shocks and excitement that much more serious movies are trying to deliver. Despite the lack of background on the central characters, allowing events that had to be built up in a few days, the film was intriguing, generally well written and played well allowing the viewer to retain interest , even during the more ridiculous moments. ?? The dentist occasionally suffers from dragging, but unlike the much inferior 1998 successor, there are only occasional uninteresting moments, and in general, the movie itself is beautiful. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very convincing in the role of the sadistic, depraved and perfectionist dr. Alan Feinstone. The way Bernsen can reliably recite his lines, especially regarding the filth and immorality of sex (especially fellatio), is something less wonderful. While many actors experience difficulty portraying an attitude-obsessed psycho without being overly exaggerated or ludicrous, Bernsen really looks like the personality of the character he is trying to portray, thus making the movie more enjoyable. Didn't the dentist mean to be a fun, almost comical, horror movie, Bernsen's performance would probably have been much stronger. Unfortunately, the rest of the film (including a pre-fame Mark Ruffalo) did not produce very good performances and although the movie was not really damaged by this, stronger performances could have made faith more credible. <br /> <br /> ?? The Dentist is not a horror movie intended to be taken seriously, but is definitely enjoyable, especially (I will assume) for fans of cheesy horror. Those who hurt in the late nineties of the Scream (1996) number can find it very good, as I did. A rarely dull and generally well-successful script as well as a skilled direction help the Dentist make one of the more pleasant cheesy horrors of the 1990s. In addition, we are presented with some particularly grizly and (generally) realistic scenes of dental feces, which should keep most wild dogs happy. Far from perfect but far from bad too, ?? The Dentist is a movie that is easily worth watching at least once. My review for? The dentist? 6.5 / 10.
