Main theme in this Dirty Harry is that revenge is best to serve cold. Sandra Locke is so cold in this movie because she is beautiful. Locke is usually an "8", but with a deadly pistol in her purse, "hooking" to the bad guys, she climbs all the way to scale. After she, with her younger sister, a few years ago, tried Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, to exclude the attack from her life as well as she could. Her sister, that's, is almost comatose because of the trauma, so the memory is never far from her head. One day Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in SF. she buys a pistol, follows him to a bar, lets him pick her up, then if they are alone in his Cadillac, start making love, she shoots him .... once in the genitals, once in the brain. it in the opening scene !! You must love this thin lady. She has her priorities straight. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist who has put all her rage on canvas so far. After performing her first perk, Jennifer looked remarkably at Det. Insp. Harry Callahan recovers the new crime scene after the body was found in the Caddy. Then she insults some creepy teen goats who stomp women on the street, visits her sister in a nursing home, and then goes to San Paolo, CA to the coast, where the rape meeting took place years ago. With more dots in her suitcase and more decision in her mind, our heroine reminds the rape in her head with lively recall, as she approaches the execution of each subsequent rapist. Not uncommon for our judges, when it comes to sentencing or carrying out a violent criminal, do not be saddened by his own miserable humanity, we REMEMBER the crime and the weakening he has inflicted. Such revoked events steal Jennifer from pulling the trigger on each of her attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, the scenes of Jennifer's revenge are given in with good, IL 'Dirty Harry blows away a gang in a coffee shop, remember: "Go ahead, make my day." Later he threatens to walk on a punk kid (who just insulted Callahan) in a courtyard lift as if walking on the dog. He left a young female govt employee staring at Clint as if to say, "I want your baby." My favorite scene is just about 30 minutes into action, when Harry threatens and murders a murderous Mafia boss named Threlkis in a fatal crown tuna during his granddaughter's wedding reception at the Mark Hopkins hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does a wonderful job as the sinful Mafia Don, even if only dead in one scene, in a very convincing way. But Harry's problems are not over yet! The lift peak's gang AND Threlkis henchmen are trying to kill Harry in two near-ordered scenes, and most of their bad guys end terribly dead. Yup, some of the weaponry comes off as uninspired screen violence .... looks like Clint the director might have been tired on the day to shoot this movie. But there are just as many ways to send a man with dots. However, the punk children die much more creatively, although they both burn to death and drown in SF. Bay. Warm my heart. With so much violent intent directed at Insp. Callahan, his boss, sends him to San Paolo to try to get a background on "22-caliber vasectomy death" because Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous sermons. Liberals. Love Harry. While our hero is annoying local police and civilians in San Paolo, two more murders, the same M.O., happen on a sloppy lazy fisherman and an equally cunning hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They find that they both agree on topics such as law and order, making the debt, etc. Can a warm love picture come up soon? We are led to believe it only. Characters abound in this Real Man meet Real-Woman crime drama, and we get a scary bull-dying called Raye Parkins who are both irritating and entertaining. Raye suggests Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years, and she will eventually get her hair. The San Paolo police chief, played by trusted Eastwood co-star Pat Hingle (Hanging Judge in Hang Em High), is strangely in violation of Callahan's 22-year-old vasectomic detective work until we find out that his own Adolescent son was one of the rapists. Much like Jennifer's sister, chief Janning's son is now a comatose adult, but is guilty of guilt. However, this cannot end here. The dick's rapist, Mick, is now a kinky sex of a criminal, and is driving in Vegas. Becuz Raye's dropped an inch on Jennifer and dropped him to San Paolo to prevent more executions. Mick sleeps at Raye's house, but his timing is wrong and he is arrested before spending more time with Raye, mainly because she has since been sent to the Island of the Eternal Lesbo by a shot of Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick eventually makes bail, with Jennifer giving him favor. A desperate chase occurs as Harry tries to kill these two. It all seems to be the end, with the good gall and the good guy coming to the sunset, to a beautiful Roberta Flack blues song.
