In spite of the feelings of most "Star Wars" fans, I think the return of the Jedi is the biggest movie film ever created. Since the first time I've seen it, it's depth, intensity, special effects and moving story, overwhelmed me. The film was so well crafted that it could have been the test of time over the past 20 years. Filled with powerful action, such as the climax of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us an exciting finish to the Star Wars saga in Jedi. <br /> <br /> Movie summary (Contains Spoilers for those who haven't seen) <br /> <br /> After the "Empire Strikes Back" left us for 3 long years, we finally find the end of the story in "Return Of The Jedi". Darth Vader, in emotional turmoil, makes a surprise visit to a new unfinished Death Star to oversee its construction. The Emperor is first seen in this movie, as he has the ultimate plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring young Luke Skywalker to the Dark Side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie and the dry travel all to Tatooine to save the frozen Han Solo from the criminal Lord. Jabba The Hutt. After being saved and defeating Jabba, Luke returns to Dagobah to find a dying Yoda where he learns the terrible truth. Darth Vader is actually his father. The rebel heroes are regrouped with the Rebel fleet. Along with other species and breeds, including the Mon Calamari, the Rebels have to make an all-or-nothing attack plan to destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando is fighting the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, the Rebel heroes have to eliminate the Death Star shield generator on the Forest Moon Of Endor. It is here that the Rebels happen to the hairy, but mighty Ewoks. During the two-party intense struggle, a third battle must take place, because Luke willingly gives him to the Father in an attempt to persuade him to leave the Dark Side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke must face his father, as the emperor attracts his dark emotions. As the young Skywalker is about to do his death in Palpatine's hands, Father turns his wicked master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Filled with a deep timeless story of good against evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged movie that saves good in all of us.
