When this film was originally released, it was promoted with the exceptionally imaginative tagline "Dirty Harry Again". Whatever is lacking in originality is more than compensated because it is complete and total accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that have made the previous three Dirty Harry movies so successful - an urgent pacing, a compelling plot, strong supportive characters, endless gunfire and botanical humor. Some of these elements are not only retained but strengthened. It is easily the darkest, bloodiest and most overtly right franchise installment. <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat intriguing: after a ridiculous number of hoodlums, Inspector Callahan is sent by his superiors after a forced holiday by San Paolo. He was instructed to investigate the background of a recent victim of homicide shot in the genitals before eliminating from his (undoubtedly significant) misery by a second shot to the head. Early in the film, the audience is made aware of the killer's identity - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who is hunting the rogue, who caught her and her sister on a fun show about ten years ago. This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback, the bits of which are repeated before each new murder. As more bodies begin to appear with the same M., Harry becomes aware that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they tell. To make matters even more complicated, the one-time rapists realize who they are hunting and start hitting. <br /> <br /> "Sudden impact" offers continuous action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood made this film himself and performed a series of pieces in an exciting climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively carries the mix of relentlessness and fragility that defines her character. That said, it is fair to wonder if another actress (who was not Eastwood's screen company at that time) could bring more charisma and dramatic weight - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd emerged as potential candidates. Members of the supporting role-play that fall significantly above their weight include Albert Popwell and Harry's partner Horace, Paul Drake as the psychopathic Mick, and the actual play-telling Audrie J. Neenan portraying the evil Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the movie has some notable issues. Some of the subplots (the hostility between Harry and a gang of twenties something a bit, a mob vendetta against him) takes too much screen time and doesn't really have any impact on the bigger story. Their only real use is to pick up the body, to absurd levels. In the first half of the film, it seems that Dirty Harry shoots more people than he needs to use the toilet. However, the movie moves in the upper gear as it progresses and the triangular cat-and-mouse game between Callahan, Spencer and her former tormentors takes prominence. This second hour makes it clear that a more stripped and slightly refocused screen shot 'Sudden Impact' has given the opportunity to be a first-class, neo noir-style thriller that could take the series to new levels but still has more than enough .44 magnum hero to satisfy the Harry loyalists. Instead, we get the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros wanted to make - a beautifully executed but prototype Eighties action movie that mostly refuses to challenge the intelligence of its intended audience. <br /> <br /> It was by far the biggest collection of the range at the box office and it is not difficult to see why. Although not the movie it could have been, it's still big, faster happy fun. Even after repeated views, it will make your day.
