In Don Siegel's 1971 masterpiece "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood portrayed the super-tough, super-cool, unorthodox, no-nonsense movie cop with his role as the eponymous inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan. Two successors followed, the first of which, "Magnum Force," cut down on the beautifully politically wrong attitude of the first one who made many critics furious, but had enthusiastic audiences. The second successor, "The Enforcer" was again grittier, and was promoted as "the dirtiest Harry of all of them". However, this title really belongs to the fourth film in the series, Clint Eastwood's own "Sudden Impact", which is undoubtedly the most eager, most beautiful, violent and direct dirtiest of all Harry movies and in my humble opinion the second Best to the Original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS Ahead! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) attracts men to be with her alone. What these men don't know is that the mysterious beauty is their former rape victim, and longing for bloody revenge. As fate wants it, San Francisco's toughest police spokesman, Insp. Dirty Harry Callahan, who has been suspended to anger his superiors. He spends his free time in the exact village. "Sudden Impact" is the dirtiest Callahan movie in several aspects. . The movie is extremely keen and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is more dirty than ever. Not afraid to use his 44. Magnum to stop the trouble, Harry treats 'punks' as it should be treated and even allows a person to get away with multiple murders because the revenge murders are, in his opinion, justified. Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood portrayed coolness and bad rumors as the "Man With No Name" in Sergio Leone's Dollar Trilogy, and he did it again in the Dirty Harry movies. "Sudden Impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's real friend, Sondra Locke, fits in well with the role of the ingenious beauty. The great Pat Hingle, who worked with Eastwood in Ted Post's tough Western Hang-em High in 1986, played the village chief in 1986. The film also features a wide variety of truly despicable scumbag characters, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Howard. He is known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket" and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan). undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and despicable female characters ever in the theater. Albert Popwell, who played the bank robber in the well-known "Do You Feel Lucky"? "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" are also part of this one, this time as Harry's colleague and friend. Overall "Sudden Impact" is the most cruel, dirtiest and probably the most violent of all "Dirty Harry" films, although the Dead Pool is not exactly tomatoes, and my second favorite after the brilliant 1971 original. An absolute must-see for Callahan fans, and highly recommended to all loved ones of police thrillers and cinematic bad-remorse. My rating: 8.5 / 10
