Clint Eastwood will once again die as the battleless detective Harry Callahan, but will also enter the fourth entry into the "Dirty Harry" series. 'Sudden Impact', like the other additions, brings its own distinctive style and tone, but if it is, it is probably the most similar to the original in the darker and more difficult moments (and gives a classic line 'Continue, make my day "). ?? but some of his humor must be seen to believe. A Bulldog ?? called meatcup that piss and eat. Oh yes. However, it was an interesting fact that this entry was just one in series not to set it entirely in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows that of detective Callahan to put together the pieces of a murder where the victim was shot. in the groin and then between the eyes. After he got into trouble with office heads and caused a stir, he found some criminals after his blood. He is ordered to take leave, but it falls into a working one where he goes to a coastal town of San Paulo, where a murder similar in the ear (dot to groin and between eyes) is up to his cause. There he begins to dig dirt, leading to the idea of ​​someone looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I wasn't all that accident on Eastwood's tasks, but after many repeated views, it has virtually grown to the point of probably being aware of the first successor 'Magnum Force'. This well-composed plot actually gives Eastwood a different angle to work on (though it feels more like a sophisticated utilization of the vigilante features that run at that time), literally with something that is punishing but shameful. It is as if he is experimenting with noir-thriller touching with character-driven features to help develop emotional bubbling and ultimate morality framework. His use of images is enduring because of his smooth, prosperous atmosphere. Dark colors, illuminating lighting ?? Like the scene up to the end, moving on a western display of a silhouette figure (Harry with his new .44 automag handgun), the path to the staggering prey on the fishing docks. It is a striking sight that builds fear! Mix the hauntingly cold with ordinary brutality and humor. It seems to come down. A big plus with these films is the dialogues, while I don't call 'Sudden Impact' first class, it offers generous biting exchange and memorable creditworthy lines ?? "You are a legend in your own mind". Don't like to hear Harry hear, because he pulled out his piece. The beating action when it happens is exciting and intense? The only way to go and pacing flies with little in the way of flat corridors. Lalo Schfrin will return as a composer (after 'The Enforcer' Jerry Fielding score), a methodical funky kick, still catching up with the dark clues to a textured cloud-thrown score. Bruce Surtees works behind the camera (where he played 'Dirty Harry'), and gives the film plenty of space by making the backdrop a stunning scene, but also in dramatic moments. <br /> Eastwood as the dinosaur Callahan picks up another punch, goes beyond just the sheer shine to get the job done and probably a little more heart than one expects from a younger Callahan. It's going through the sudden shift in a plot turning Harry's search for justice through the arms, although he doesn't always agree with it. I just found it strange, a real change of heart. Faced with him is a wonderful performance by his beau at the time Sondra Locke. Her turn of traumatic torment (ruthlessly raped with her younger sister) is hidden by a smooth silence. When the anger is released, it is tactically accurate in its outcome. Paul Drake is completely threatening and dirty as one of the ravaged thugs and Audrie J. Neenan nails a varied rogue and big mouthpiece. These people are really an ugly bunch of saps. Pat Hingle is solid as the head of the small coastal town. In smaller parts, Bradford Dillman and the well-known strong Albert Popwell (a regular in the range 1-4 but under different characters). How can you forget him in 'Dirty Harry'? Yes, he is a bank robber who is at the end of the trademark quote: "Do I feel happy?" Well, do you, punk? "
