This latest entry into George Lucas's Star Wars movies is often considered the worst of the lot. However, it is not to say that it is a completely worthless entry into the series. On the contrary. Certainly, it's not as pioneering as its predecessors, but a little slower at times, but RETURN OF THE JEDI still has a lot to do to justify the price of admission. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends save Han from the palace of Jabba the Hutt, is a classic. Jabba, a real disgusting blob of puffy flesh that speaks in his own language, does not only make a big villain, but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant puppet, much less giving it the spark and life we ​​see on the final product. Actually, which also makes this sequence fun, the clever use of dolls for the various members of Jabba's court, including the intimidating, slave Rancor and scary Sarlaac pit monster. It builds masterfully to its climax and pushes all the time. <br /> <br /> Things become a little slower for the second act, where Luke discovers that he and Leia are related to blood and when we travel to the bush planet of Endor, home to the cuddly but sturdy Ewoks . Most of the complaints about the return of the Jedi that I have read seem to be centered on these fiery beings, because they somehow disrupt the toes of the saga. I don't quite agree, although this moment probably played a little longer than it should. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis), is a wonderful memorable creation and watches them handle the Imperial Troops technology with their simple, natural weapons. It offers a nice contrast. <br /> <br /> By the time we get to the third action, but the pace picks up again, as we crawl between the Ewoks fight against the troops, Lando and the rebel forces start an attack on the Empire see all-new half-completed Death Star, and Luke's final confrontation with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter connects with the Jabba Palace sequence as the highlight of the movie. Mark Hamill breaks his acting chops like Luke Skywalker in these screens, and sees him as an adult Jedi Knight for a memorable performance. Also, like icon of James Earl Jones's voice as Darth Vader, he is only competed by the intensified, crowned emperor, with a delightfully gritty, terrifying evil played by Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio elevates the excitement of this climax time, which is appropriately darkened and threatened. <br /> <br /> The STAR WARS movies always set standards for special effects and technical work BACK OF THE Jedi can easily hold a candle with its predecessors. The space fight is as exciting as ever, and the speed bike ride through the woods is a knock-out. Of course, since this movie was made after a NEW HOPE and THE EMPIRE STRINGS, it is not surprising that special effects have reached an even greater level of excellence. The acting is classic STAR WARS prize; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all mature and immerse themselves in their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers more hilarious moments than C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda appears only in two screens, but he does the most. And yes, there is also John Williams music. <br /> <br /> Already told, while RETURN OF THE JEDI falls a little in the middle, the first and third acts fall in style and make it a fairly satisfying final to one of the greatest saga ever. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas released the classic STAR WARS in digitally restored (and refurbished) "Special Issues", containing additional effects and / or shots as well as some improvements. Of the three, RETURN OF THE JEDI caused the most excitement with STAR WARS fans. Perhaps it is due to the extreme side of the place (even if it's funny if you're not so easily offended). Jedi Rocks' musical number in Jabba's Palace, which, although technically wonderful, disrupts the flow of the movie. However, I had like the final assembly scenes where we see victory celebrations on the different planets of the galaxy. This DVD version contains even more tweaking - we see more montage final scenes (especially on Naboo, where we hear what looks like Jar Jar Binks screams, "Wesa free!") And in what is probably the most controversial change, Hayden Christensen as the ghost of Anakin Skywalker in the finals. Probably due to the intense (and unfair) contempt for his somewhat shaky work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES, it seems inevitable that fans will lay down this issue for that alone. However, if you look at the STAR WARS case chronologically (and think about it), you may be responding a little differently. Yet, this is a problem raised by fans, so it is probably best to be warned in advance. <br /> <br /> As good as it would be to release Lucas the original versions of these three classic movies, he still stands by what he said is the "definite" edition of his classic trilogy , and if the STAR WARS movies are completely seen as one complete saga (like Lucas intended), it makes sense to keep them technically and aurally consistent. The original films will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as much fun as they give them a chance.
