Director / star Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" is an interesting addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - a combination of raw film-making and genius. It's mediocre and stupid in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with compelling, gripping pacing. There are numerous echoes of the first movie here - the shooting-up scene reminds me of the day's scene of the "Feeling Lucky" one, one of the villains is so viscous as the first movie's Scorpio, an actor who an actor has played little girl in the first one comes back here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still in conflict with the high rally in the department, still significantly difficult, but now he is older and weaker. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and respect for the law versus a desire to serve the pure spirit of righteousness, the two things that are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. The first film posed a simple question: "What about the victim's rights?" - (Weigh it more than that of the criminal? Or else? Depend?). The movie's answer was controversial, which has a successor (the highly-pleasing Magnum Force), suggesting to draw the line between Harry's trademark of right and pure, heartless vigilance, dirty Harry, like many of Clint's others roles are the personification of revenge, the protector of the defenseless, but this film brings it back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (depicted by Sondra Locke), who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her incompetent sister by girls (and one woman) who relentlessly pursue and perform rituals committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without playing a play-by-play of the whole movie, I'll say it - I mentioned earlier that "sudden impact" is the first movie echo, it actually also sprinkles in the bit of references and in-jokes from the whole series (the confusion about the captain's last name is an example - a deliberate prank I believe). Callahan and Jennifer are neat - have on s villainous hero found a soul mate in this lady vigilante? And is she a vigilante or a victim just getting up for her and her sister's depraved rights? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic denouement of the series, one that I personally (as a fan) really moved. The last scene alone makes Sudden Impact the legal climax for the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the first film conflict. (Not to beat the "Dead Antarctic" - that excellent movie was a relatively light-hearted, exciting but comical thriller with Harry Callahan, rather than a character-definition movie like this.) <br /> <br / > This movie is good in theaters - audiences in the Reagan era found Harry and his ilk pretty appealing, and the president himself quoted regularly: "Make my day."
