It is a strange thing to see a movie where some screens work rather poorly (if only compared to other films in his legacy), and others in a "subplot" or supporting story are surprisingly challenging and strong. Sudden Impact is one of the cases where Clint Eastwood, star / producer / director, shows when he can be at his best, or at his reader of times when he fights with a crime / mystery / detective story in his Dirty Harry. We get that 'make my day' line and are not like the first movie where she plays 'I feel happy' speech playfully and cools the first time and the second time at the end difficult like nails, here it is converted. He becomes involved with the department as usual, when he tries to fight the crime "his" way, especially with a dinner robbery (inspiration for pulp fiction?) And with a high-speed follow-up with a senior civilian bus. He said taking a vacation, and that is the last thing on his mind. This whole chapter is not very convincing, except the expectation of the story and lines, which only add to the frustration. But soon his story closes with the subplot that Eastwood developed from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Give Sandra Locke's character, Jennifer Spencer, who will teach us soon after some (appropriate) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were the victims of a cruel, unfair sexual assault (error, absolute rape ), and is slim, inconsiderate, to take revenge. Her plays and story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense and ultimately when it comes to Callahan's storyline (he gets facts in the same little town she's in a murder), the film finally finds a focus between Eastwood's classic form of clearly defined good against evil (though sometimes faded, to be sure). Eastwood movie flashes, not to say too much about them, knowledgeable, in a fresh, experimental style; the brand Lalo Schifrin score is totally atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It's almost like a few times that an art house sensitivity crept into Eastwood's solid straight storytelling style, making the movie visible. <br /> <br /> However, it's a shame that it's finally more. for the expected (or perhaps not expected) points, and until the third performance, Callahan doesn't have much to do except his usual "it's smith ... Wesson ... and I" With Locke, however, he gets a very good performance (more subtle and touchy than the one in the Gauntlet) and an exciting climax at an amusement park. Somehow, I agree and disagree with Ebert's remark that it is like Eastwood's "music video" style here. I admit there are comparisons to the simplicity of both, the directness, but the screens where Eastwood breaks form are better than any music video. It's cute, it's hard, it's not up to the first two 'Harry' pictures, but hey, there could be worse ways to spend a few hours with the master of the .44.
