After the "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefine "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final movie of this trilogy can be as good as the other two, but this one really does a good job. The first part of the film decided on the rock-hanger left by the previous one, with an extensive escape scheme that is in line with the incredible tension and action of the first two films. Then the film moves back to the rebel alliance and what happens in the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes that builds on the uprising's final confrontation with the emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the side of their seats of everything that leads to it, and this last battle is even more intense than that of the other movies. This climax is definitely closer with action than any other part of the trilogy, with the most at stake for the uprising. It is constantly changing between a ground between the rebel strike crew on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the battle that comes into space (including Lando), and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new star , leading to another duel with Darth Vader. It is very intense because the rebels constantly lose the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea of ​​Ewoks overwhelming storm troops is a bit far-fetched, it has not been very unrealistic, as they were more distracting than the rebels could use, rather than a real threat to storm troops, although they had some has. good luck fighting them. There is also a twist or two at the end that no one has seen, which may not be as stunning as that of "The Empire Strikes Back", but still completes a very spectacular trilogy. With the light of a new hope and the more sinister scene of The Empire Strikes Back, this film really completes them by combining the two in this great final. The special issue of "Return of the Jedi" concentrated on what would have been nice to change as not much of the original needed it. Fifteen years of technological advancement has not come into the rancor scene to fifteen years of decline, and there is still occasional TIE fighter, but unlike that, it was good. The yawning, non-threatening Sarlaac's mouth gave moving tentacles and a large flycatcher-kikop that emerged, which certainly added to the tension. The disco was also taken from Jabba's Palace, and the lame end of the original was replaced by a great victory celebration across the galaxy, rather than just a small Ewok town, which was the original and it didn't really make it a story as big as it deserved. It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the trilogy is like a great, outstanding movie. A THIRD must-see for movie fans.
