The vigilants have long had a fascination for audiences, because it causes a sense of speed, certainly justice; good triumph over evil and the bad man gets his deserts. It's actually one of the things that made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (as played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He wears a weapon and works within the law, but at heart, Harry is a vigilante, with the way out of the lawyer, who often works out in conflict with his own superiors and the criminals he follows. But that's what the audience is pulling; Anyone who is ever in a bureaucratic nonsense of any kind is delighted to see someone by cutting and continuing the hassle - even on the screen. And that satisfaction comes from justice - and fast - is one of the elements that 'Sudden Impact', managed by Eastwood, is so successful. In this one, the fourth of the series, while performing a murder, Harry meets a bona fide vigilante at work - an individual whose trademark justice is his own, with one exception: He is definitely not a weapon not. <br /> <br /> In his own unnecessary way, Inspector Callahan once again landed on the bad side of the department and was ordered to take vacation time. So he does; as only "Dirty Harry" can. In a small town north of San Francisco, he kills himself in the midst of a murder case which he quickly committed to a recent murder in San Francisco due to the unique M.O. in the service of the offender. Unrecognizable, Harry meets resistance from local police chief Jannings (Pat Hingle), who recommends taking his major city tactics and methods elsewhere. Not one that gets scared, however, Harry continues with his investigation, which ultimately involves a beautiful and talented young artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers a relationship between the victims; The burning question, however, is where Jennifer Spencer fits in the picture. <br /> <br /> Eastwood is here in the front form, both front and back of the camera, and it's probably the second best of the five-film series, right behind the original "Dirty Harry. "It has been seven years since the last 'Harry' offer (The Enforcer, 1976), but Eastwood goes straight back in character with facility and innovative power. And this one certainly benefits from having him in the director's seat, since he can relive the essence of not only his own character, but that "spirit" that made these films so successful and he does it by knowing the area and a continuity that is anything but the seven year gap between # 3 and 4. As with all the films he directs, Eastwood introduces a deliberate fit that works perfectly for this material and creates just enough tension to keep it interesting and from the beginning to stop. <br /> <br /> The script, by Joseph Stinson, is well written and formulated after that distinctive "Dirty Harry" style; The dialogue is funny and the story itself (devised by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) has been the most encouraging since the original "Dirty Harry", as it successfully attempts to play the personal aspects of the drama rather than to be completely on the action. The characters are well-drawn and convincing, and of course it's the movie that gave us one of Harry's best catches: "Go ahead, make my day ..." <br /> <br /> If Harry, Clint Eastwood embodies All the elements that make this character so popular: He lives by a personal moral code, a true individual made from the kind of things we predict than those of the pioneers who established this country and made America so today. Harry personifies the feeling of freedom and justice we all strive for and loves as much as possible, even more so today than ever before. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is undoubtedly a part of us who wants to be Harry, or at least to have him. "Dirty Harry" is an icon of the theater, and it is impossible to think of anyone other than Eastwood who portrays him; For better or worse, Eastwood is Dirty Harry, without any question, just like Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is quite effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman who is unfair and gives revenge, or, as she sees it, "justice." She manages to establish a stubborn determination with vulnerability to her character, with a convincing, introspective approach that is far beyond the typical of the 'action' genre. Even in the midst of violence, Locke emphasized Jennifer and the traumatic events that brought her to this stage of her life. Her portrayal is a perfect complement to Eastwood's Harry and becomes in his philosophy and act of his peer. <br /> <br /> In supporting roles, there are two shows: Paul Drake, as Mick, creates the best "psycho" since Andy Robinson's dynamic depiction of the serial killer in the original "Dirty Harry." With very limited screen time, Drake creates a truly disturbing presence that is credible and convincing, which has contributed to the pure visceral response of the audience. This is the man you can't wait to see Harry bear in the end. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who makes her character, Ray Parkins, the symbol of proverbial "low life", which can be found in any bar in any city. It is a performance that calls for a gut-level response, which greatly contributes to the credibility of the movie, providing the necessary realistic sense. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With a perfect blend of drama and action, 'sudden impact' escapes justice that is a fulfilling respect for reality; the perfect justice of a non-perfect world, offering a satisfying movie experience. 9/10.
