Who says zombies can't be transformed into useful community members? Certainly not the creators of "Fido," which we take to a never-never-landed version of the 1950s where the dead were turned into butlers and servants of the emerging middle class. Timmy Robinson is the all-American boy who is emotionally attached to the family's new full-time household - a recent excited zombie, which Timmy Fido calls fine. All of this was made possible by Zomcom, a great brother-type organization that found a way to deliver and manipulate the zombies (originally brought to life by the outer space radiation) - at least most of them. the time. <br /> <br /> This twisted modern spin on the television series "Lassie" - it would have easily been a boy and his zombie "- takes clever satirical swipes at such pre-60s as obsessive social conformity (here's the sequel of Joneses more zombie officers than the following people), the sterility of suburban life, corporate governance of civic affairs, corruption of small villages and core family values ​​- all played out in a beautifully designed environment of party-colored homes and immaculately manicured lawns The movie does not touch the head with its message, nor does it participate in endless hyperbola to generate laughter, instead, it is a low-key, subtle little satire that provokes exciting chuckles, rather Lots of humor is due to the irregularity between the tranquility of the environment and the cavalier attitude towards death shown by the fine citizens of the community. agazine was replaced by a journal Doodstydskrif). Despite a playful graphic violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence we generally associate with both the 1950s and the cheesy, low-budget horror movies, which are so much part of the pop culture scene of that. decade. <Br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are friendly and attractive like the wide-eyed Timmy and his Cleaver esquire parents (with slightly sinister undertones), while Billy Connolly is the well-near impossible task of This brings a great deal of humanity and depth to the role of a resurrected body. <br /> <br /> That's what "Lassie" might have had if Timmy's best friend had rabies.
