In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead" we are introduced to a London where the slackers and the tall and powerful people are forced to fight carnivorous, selected bodies of their friends and family. At the end of the film it is suggested that the zombies be made harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" gives us an epilogue to "Shaun" who in the 1950s in a hilariously scary and original "what-if ...?" Appeared. film. <br /> <br /> The movie is a post-zombie apocalypse, for a change; after the horrors of the Zombie Wars, ended by the creation of the ZomCon company and their patented zombie collars, making the bodies as foolish as lambs. Every village in the world is encamped against the Wild Zone, the one-sided landscape torn by the surviving zombies and left over from the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical 50's suburb, with one small difference; social status is measured by a family's amount of moderate zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies whatsoever, due to their patriarch, Bill's, fear of re-animated death. Timmy Robinson and his mother, Helen, both suffer from the pressure of suburban life until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. <br /> <br /> The zombie deserves Timmy's love when he rescues him from a few violent bulls, and the two form a band to rival the classic "boy-and-his-dog" cliché ... a boy and his zombie. Timmy calls his "pet" Fido and soon becomes a tool for both Timmy and Helen to escape the prison routine bill. They put them in. But when Fido's hometown goes over the fritz, he devours the elderly Mrs Henderson, the Robinsons have to relate to the sudden wild zombie epidemic and still manage to keep their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> A movie whose sharp white and satirical gore it as much as its all-star cast (including "The Matrix's Carrie-Anne Moss like Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido)," Fido " is a summer com for the centuries, with some rather twisted subplots - for example, the sweet and disturbing feelings that Helen and Fido have begun for each other - and a poignant commentary on the suburbs of the 50's and the zombie genre , manage the movie the worst (and the best) in its characters while still caring. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is by far one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of those best movies I've seen in a long time, and the best com-com since the incredible "Shaun of the Dead".
