OK, I didn't know what to expect when I saw cover for Fido, honestly when I covered it in the video industry, I was tempted to rent this movie, but nothing really caught my eye. But when I looked around in Netflix, they were so crazy when it was crazy if I had "goofy" scary movies, so I thought it was just a shot. I am so glad I watched it, it was just a good movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so beautiful to watch. As I said, Pleasantville met Night of the Living Dead, it's just a good concept, what happens after a mega-summer attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have the pleasure of leaving the zombies as "handy" citizens. This is a very exaggerated horror / comedy movie. I think many people were just blown away with Shaun of the Dead that it got the boat. But it's a wonderful story and the movie was perfect and made it just a very funny movie. <br /> <br /> In a 1950's alternate universe where space radiation has transformed the dead into zombies. This radiation still plagues mankind, as everyone who dies after the original infestation becomes dead. To continue with normal life, communities are fenced with the help of a ruling corporation called Zomcon. Zomcon provides links with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies' hunger for meat so that they can be used as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys a zombie, despite her husband Bill's zombie phobia. Their son, Timmy, is friends with the zombie and calls him "Fido". One day, Fido's collar becomes malfunctioning and kills their neighbor, who becomes a zombie. Timmy "dead" the zombified neighbor. When a few local bulls are blamed for the neighbor, they take Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmy and Fido from the bulls and they try to forget the whole thing. A few days later, the neighbor's body was found and the murder was traced back to Fido, who was taken to Zomcon where the public was told he would be destroyed. Timmy learns from a friend that Fido only works in a factory at Zomcon. Timmy sets out to save him with a zombie friend with the help of his neighbor, hoping to get Fido back. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this movie if you get the chance to see it, it's so stupid but fun. Billy Connelly did a good job as Fido and really brought, no pun intended, a lot of life in character. I think the scene that made me laugh most was when Timmy had to bury the old lady who attacked and killed Fido. His last words to her were so funny, "you weren't really nice, but you like flowers, so?" And he buried her in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with the zombie girlfriend, sick, disturbing, wrong, but classic laugh. I still love how even though it's like the Leave It To Beaver-esquire type of world, there's still a lot of gore in the movie. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise some good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
