As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to watch it. Well, I heard about it, then I found the trailer. Then I knew I had to see it. And I'm so glad I got. You want to see classic television mixed with zombies? No? Then get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie different from anything I've ever seen. Well, actually it's kind of. It's kind of like a Lassie episode and a zombie movie. Although combined, it feels completely new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well, this new pet is not a squawking parquet or a potty-trained puppy. It's a re-animated dead guy ... a zombie. A large radiation cloud followed the Earth, which led to all the dead rises, resulting in zombie wars. Although led by the genius of Reinhold Giger, chiefly of ZomCon, he discovered that destroying the brain would destroy the zombie and give us the edge and victory in the Zombie War. Although, due to deadly radiation, everyone who becomes a zombie becomes a zombie. This can be especially a problem with the elderly. Although Zomcom emerges with more breakthroughs, especially with the Domestication Collar. The collar stops the zombie's need for human flesh and thus makes it harmless as a domestic pet. But not everything is perfect in this Zombie Utopia, collars break, old people die and .... Well, I'll just let you see this amazingly unique movie. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea created. . With an all-star cast, and a great writing, FIDO comes first in the comedy / horror genre. There are many funny and original situations that have really entertained me. Although I watched the movie, the movie would have been better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the movie doesn't last too long and moves from scene to scene at a good pace. It will probably eventually be a cult classic of all kinds, as it is not really a lazy comedy or even a horror movie. It is a comedy / family / zombie movie, immersed in the 1950's. If you thought of something I said, it was interesting to make sure you watch this movie. But if you're still on the fence, turn your leg back and stay there. 8.5 outta 10
