A year or so ago I watched the TV news when a story was broadcast about a zombie movie filmed in my area. Since then I have been paying special attention to this movie called 'Fido', as it was finished with production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido started playing in my local theater. And just yesterday I read a newspaper article that said Fido was not listening to its limited release, except for our local theater. In fact, here it carries out all the other performances at The Paramount Theater, including 300. It makes sense, of course, because many locals want to see their city on the screen or fly in the zombie makeup. And for any other residents not yet seen by Fido, but considering, I can say there are many images on the screen, from school to city park to the forbidden zone you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. It's just beautiful scenery in a zombie movie! However, Fido itself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its flaws, it's better than most of the 20 other movies that play in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart point of departure. And the movie goes even further through the 1950s to emphasize conformity and the cold war paranoia that led to McCarthyism. Furthermore, it builds on the idea that zombies can be tamed or trained that George Romero first launched in Day Of The Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a small town boy whose mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longs for a zombie servant so she can be like her other housewives. But his father (Dylan Baker) is against the idea because he once had to kill his own "zombie dad". Eventually, the family gets a zombie called 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to the walking life of life. Billy Connolly was inspired. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, longing, hatred and loyalty through only his eyes, lumbering and grunts. Connolly shows that he can play underestimated characters better than his scandalous comic children. This is his best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. To someone who enjoys Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae movies more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw one, I appreciate in my horror about humor. However, I understand the criticism of horror fans who feel that there is not enough 'immortal massacre' in Fido. Still, I'm sure patients viewers will be rewarded by the movies of gentle humor. <br /> <br /> The movie breaks down in the third action. It is as if the authors were wrapped in the cute look of moderate zombies in the 1950s. They forgot about the story arch. Give me an interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for seeing the environment on the screen, but I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
