I think the ultimate curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is your point-of-sale edition timetable. Frankly, I'm just happy. Fido picked up for American spread. Anyway ... <br /> <br /> Have you ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Good. What about Lassie? Can the two reconcile? Well, if you could be your name, Andrew Currie, Canadian helmet of the first ever family-themed zombie comedy, or zomedy. (Serbian, that's what the press book in Toronto mentioned.) Although not as violent, dry or Brits as Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains true to his roots: a commitment to the old 50's black and white television including both Lassie and the infamous sci-fi pulp pumped out during the period. <br /> <br /> Fido's talented headlines (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker, and Tim Blake Nelson) stand as a testament to the brilliance of the script. The film explores all the implications of its premise: a world where zombies have been turned into servants because of the sheer number of them because of a strange accident. What will you use for your new undead? A Butler? Hand work? A pet? Inexpressible deeds? Fido tackles all these possibilities in a sweet and surprisingly classic way. Many thanks to the work of Connelly (as one of the mentioned zombies) and the young TV actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes seemed to be a better young Elia Wood than the Young Elia Wood. <br /> <br /> If you expect another Shaun of the Dead, don't waste your time. There is not nearly enough gore and pokes at the genre to satisfy you and you will only leave the theater bitter and depressed. But if you're willing to take a look at what happens to Shaun of the Dead when it jumps over the lake, you're in a surprise. Think of Fido as the sensitive, more regular little punk to Shaun of Death's rebellious loser, and you're starting to get the drift. If you like zombies, little kids and lots of dodpan satire (or at least tolerate), Fido is the movie for you. If this is not the case ... well, you know the drill. Just click between the eyes.
