A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away ..... There was a boy who was just two years old when the original Star Wars movie was released. He does not remember the first time to watch the movie, but he does not remember life before it. He remembers the first "Star Wars" theme gift he received. A shoebox full of action figures from the original set. He was too young to fully appreciate how special that gift would be. But years later, he'll get what goes on today as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box of action figures, ten of the last twelve he needed to complete his collection. It is now legendary in this family of boys how the last action figure, Anakin Skywalker, ceased to be manufactured and worn in stores, and how this boy went for ten years (until he came to college) for one to try and finally buy it from someone on his dorm floor for a bag of beer nuggets (don't ask ... this is a Northern Illinois university thing). <br /> <br /> I can't review Star Wars as a movie. It represents absolutely everything good, fun and magic about my childhood. There is no separation between Christian, birthdays, summers and winters in my mind. In winter my friends and I would build snow fortunes and pretend we were on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My father's father built them a shoulder-tree house, and it served as the Ewok village. They also had a large pine tree whose lower branches were high enough to create a kind of cave below it, and made it a good place to pretend we were in Yoda's house. I'm brazenly brave when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people just understand it. I don't get the appeal of "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the dog-dropping herds of followers they follow, because I'm a rabid fan of George Lucas's films. <br /> <br /> I don't feel I need to defend my opinion of these movies as one of the greatest of all time. Every time I put them in the DVD player, I feel like I'm eight when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was figuring out how to find a figure of Anakin Skywalker . <Br /> <br /> Degree (for the whole trilogy): A +
