If you like horror movies with lots of blood and gore, thanks to the terrifying moments and relentless, growing scenes of ominous death, look elsewhere. If you want a quiet, gentle, thoughtful horror that throws blood aside for a sincere sense of fear, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Thoughtful, George, his psycho-analyst wife, Kim and their young boy, emphasize. Miles is heading for the snowy landscape for a long weekend holiday away from the city. On the way up, George hit a tail with his car. The hunters who pursued the cage were not excited when they found George chasing them off. In particular, upset hunter Otis takes it personally. He followed the family to their holiday home and made sure they saw him. He spies on George and Kim for having sex. He burns through their windows with his rifle when they are not at home, and lets them discover the ominous holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim Miles goes to the drugstore in town, Miles is attracted to a small sculpture in a showcase, cut to look like a man's head with a cage. A native American man tells Miles that it is the Wendigo, a spirit of the forest that tastes meat and is always hungry. Miles took the figure home with him, already haunted by the death of the deer the previous day. That afternoon, when he and his dad went to sleep, George was shot and Miles was scarcely rushed through a forest ... or was he just in shock and imagining the whole thing? Hours later, George is rushed to hospital and Miles, still stalking his statue, delights, dreams or a vision quest, in which Wendigo returns. This time, the evil, flesh eating God - parting, bar, and partisan - is looking for Otis, who eventually went over the edge. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully crafted film, almost completely silent, but because the wind is crying through the snow-covered trees. Okay, so the monster itself is fakey-looking, but it's a little flaw, more than the real stress and fear at play that crawls through every frame of the movie and the scary backdrop of the quiet, snowy countryside. The performances are great, especially by Jake Weber as the moody and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his lovely but non-nonsense woman. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and that is the power of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this movie powerful. Watching this movie is often like someone's home videos, so realistic is the performance. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people can get themselves totally bored and wait for the terrible Lovecraftian Beast and bloody revenge that never comes. We can never really be sure if the Wendigo even exists, as it is through the eyes of a sensitive child and later through the eyes of a man. It is more a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough creepy elements to satisfy fans of subtle horror.
