Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) go to the country for winter weekend relief of Manhattan's vibrant metropolis. Along the way they hit a goat and caught in the snow. A group of hunters who follow the money come along. Rather than helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is crazy because the crash broke the rifle of the goat. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis, and even worse, we quickly learn that Otis has learned where they live. Meanwhile, Miles is a wendigo (a kind of Indian form-shift spirit / monster) token given by an Indian he just saw. Is Otis a psycho to get our heroes? Are there any changes in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo has a number of issues that are attractive to viewers. It's a fairly low budget movie, with technical limitations regularly displayed. Much of the movie, and perhaps everything, is not really about the titular creature. And perhaps the fatal blow for many, it has a very ambiguous end, with a number of questions being left unanswered. If you are met by such ends, and you don't like movies that have a purpose to make you think and discuss what everything means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like that. I usually prefer some degree of ambiguity. The marketing of Wendigo is aimed at those who want a quick and terrible creature spot, expecting a huge battle with a supernatural monster that is eventually defeated and tied up, except for an opening for Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but that's not what this movie is. Wendigo is much more considerate and poetic than the surface of such a creature would suggest to most people. Heck, author / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, who recites Robert Frost. The Frost poem and George's remarks that Frost can elicit complex image and atmosphere from seemingly simple things is the key to the movie. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the movie is its complexity. In a way, there are four different films that occur simultaneously, a thread of every character. In George's thread, he is not exactly the happiest or most enjoyable man in the world, and he has some parenting problems. For him, the film is a realistic, horrific source of his life, from bad to worse. In Patricia's thread she seeks rejuvenation of her life and family. She is a psychologist who completely denies the trouble of her and hopes they will get away and get better. In Otis's thread, he is even more fortunate than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolizes the final "crack" in his psychological armor. And in Miles's thread, which is probably the most important of the film, life is like a great poem because of its youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But it is a horror story, though one with a glittering hope, and the events in the film turn Miles' poetic interpretations into a dark twist. Yet, if all is said and done, he seems to be the only one who retains his tranquility due to the poetic outlook. <br /> <br /> Although the film has a low budget, there are very well executed higher budget ambitions. Fessenden and director of photography Terry Stacey finds some great shots in beautiful places, and has made some interesting slideshows such as montages (such as the cards or the Indian wendigo images from the book). There are also interesting more traditional settings, such as Miles's nightmare. Wendigo is better shot and edited than very big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The "Wendigo" look at the end worked for me and was quite ambiguous. The lighting was usually good. There were a few times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they could have been, but it was more than a problem with the movie stock (it could have been digital) or transfer. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic (if you appreciate it) than most movies. Although I didn't really see the score, it had to be good, or I would have noticed it with a negative judgment. <br /> Overall, Wendigo is a very good movie to be earned without bias. , as long as you don't mind thinking about the movies you watch.
