A remarkable example of movie-alchemy at work, with a trite'hargon lot of scripture (written by the numbingly mediocre Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less) is magically transformed into a choice of a brilliant glossy 24-car musical drama gold thanks to lively direction, fresh, engaging performances, striking production values, a tasteful relaxation of 50-year-old New York, an infectious bustling play and a wonderful rhythm and blues score by great Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story, loosely based on the real life expenses of the Supreme, proseciously proves the difficult clothes-to-wealth of three shiny eyes, impoverished black teenage girls who desperately desire to escape them ruthlessly, Unobtrusive ghetto plight makes it great in the razzle-blind world of commercial R&B music. All the obvious pratfalls of immediate wealth and success - eg. Destructive amok, drugs, corruption, struggle to maintain your integrity, and so forth - are predictably spread, but fortunately, the uniformly excellent work that is almost entirely visible in the film's other divisions. cancels Schumacher's flat, uninspired plot. The first-class play helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, lively and attractive - and great singers to start. Forgiving fine performances are also featured by a charming boy's pre-"Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas as the group's patient, gentleman manager, Dorian Harewood as McKee's friendly, aggressive amorous hound dog boyfriend, and perennial blaxploitation baddie Tony (" Hell Up in Harlem, "" Bucktown ") King as a dangerously seductive, smooth operational, rock, nasty gangster. The tone dips and swings from funny and poisonous to melancholy and flashy without ever beating, which in a glowing, constructive way develops into the extraordinary ability of the human spirit to effectively persuade the extremely difficult and intimidating chances. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern excels in his director's debut. Bruce Surtees' luminescent cinematography and Gordon Scott's expert editing are both flawless. O'Stern's solid understanding of the atmosphere of the era, keen eye for little, but to tell small details, and the unceasing sense of busy, unbroken pass are just as impressive. No deception about Curtis Mayfield's impeccable soundtrack contributions. "Jump," "What can I do with this feeling," "Givin 'Up," "Take my hand, Valuable Lord," "Lovin' You Baby," and "Look In Your Heart" are all terribly Tunisian, soulful, almost incredibly fantastic songs, with so-called loving guys "Something He Can Feel", later covered by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, who were the best musical honors as the best song in the whole movie. The net result of all of these outstanding features convincingly illustrates that it is sometimes not the script, as much as the writing is done, which in turn determines a movie's overall sterling quality.
