It was a double interesting experience. For some reason, the biggest scientific mind of the 20th century has never been the central figure in a movie *. The closest I can think of as movies with Einstein in them is CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR, where (like a "deus ex ma china") the great man is heard to explain a point on a radio quiz so Ronald Colman proved to have given the right answer and in BULLSHOT where the great Albert is one of a dozen leading physicists and scientists who are dried by the villain with cannabis, intends to steal some machines from them. It is striking that in these two cases, and in IQ, we are dealing with comedies. So far no one has tried to do a serious film about Einstein's life, such as John Huston's attempt to do one at FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I think it's just too hard to get the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of electromagnetic field theory into an exciting dialogue. But then, just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer did a BEAUTIFUL. Maybe no one really tried. <br /> <br /> (* After I wrote it, I remember the successful comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago. But it's an exception and it was a spoof.) <br /> < The other surprise was the actor playing the big Albert. It was Walter Matthau, here taking time away from the series of films he did with Jack Lemmon in the last decade of their careers. Matthau was a highly skilled and gifted character actor, in both comedy and drama, but usually his comic personas were variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich of THE FORTUNE COOKIE. They were rather gonifs. Later they would shed their criminal tendencies because we grew to keep them, but they stayed nice types. But his Albert Einstein is really sweet. More like his Kotch than Willie Clarke. <br /> <br /> He plays Albert as good old uncle Albert. It appears that Matthau's Einstein lives in Princeton with his cousin, Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and she sees a handsome professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs, and they take it to the car shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls for Ryan, who is attracted to him - but finds that he lacks the spiritual equipment she admires. Good uncle Albert, who is helped by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher, and Gene Saks), decides to give their help to Robbins and make him a seemingly unrecognizable physics genius. It will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan, provided Ryan is impressed and Fry does not spoil things as he hopes. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is sweet as when Matthau and his chums set up a super-physics quiz that helps them cheat Robbins (by changing the positions of their bodies). The plot ultimately leads to the straight lie that the brilliant Robbins erected an atomic powered rocket - which includes the interests of the country in the figure of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). <br /> <br /> It was a beautiful comedy, and an interesting stretch for Matthau in that he was not as hyper as normal, but much more muted.
