Yes, you read it right, children. Michael Bay had to study this film before making one of his overheated, elongated, too many "Transformers" movies. "Robot Jox" is better than both of them and it probably costs less than the "Transformers" staff spent on Megan Fox's personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Thanks, this little robot gem, initially known especially for the movie that made Charles and Albert Band's Empire Pictures studio bankrupt, seems to have developed a cult over the years. Apparently, I remember it on VHS during its initial video release in the early 90's and although some of the Cold War era politics / stereotypes have in the end been outdated (just the Bands' luck that Communism would fall while the movie was sitting on a shelf waiting to be released, among other things?), it is still a nice damn cool, small B-movie. They don't really do that anymore, or if they do, they go beyond Bay Bay and CGI things to unbearable relationships. <br /> <br /> For those who are unfamiliar, the Robo Scoop is here: We are banned in some future and after a nuclear holocaust. Disputes between nations are now being established mano-a-mano (or perhaps it should be machine-o-machine-o) by one representative from each side fighting each other in giant size Shogun Warrior style robots. Whatever the bud goes away from the battle wins for "its" side. Gary Graham (who will later play detectives Sykes in the TV series "Alien Nation") plays "Achilles," the biggest Robot Jock in the marketing campaign (including the good guys). Achilles is unbeaten in his previous nine robot bouts (ten are the maximum number of battles before a "Jock" retires) and at the start of the film he faces his opponent of the "Confederation" (the Rusks!). , the psychotic Alexander (who is the most evil "evil Russian" stereotype bad guy since Dolph Lundgren's notorious turn as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a sign when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal Robot Move at the last moment and ends not only in embarrassment of Achilles, but kills a lot of spectators in the bargain. A repetition is scheduled to complete the match, but Achilles simply wants to bend, hang his helmet, and continue his life. Rather than breaking the Spoiler rules, revealing much more, I would just say that there are a large number of twists and turns behind the screen-shooters and other problems for Achilles and his fellow Jox before the two robot titles eventually collide again in the final. <br /> <br /> I hope I'm not making this movie out of being a masterpiece of science fiction because it's not. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I will admit that this is a bit higher concept than your average B-grade slides movie, and although budget constraints sometimes make themselves known (especially in the screens involving a painfully obvious green hot trick), it's still the best movie to ever come from the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. The robot battle scenes are very well done with the use of old school stop motion / model techniques, and the sets and costumes do not look half-assed in the slightest. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon definitely shot the stars with this photo. Unfortunately, they didn't fall out for them (or the studio), but we did have at least one heckuva cool, little movie from the deal. Bottom line: If you want to be aurally and visually assaulted for 2 hours, you can rent a Transformers movie. By the end you will probably feel like you've been spending that time watching if someone else is playing a video game. If you want a rock'em, sock robot, you need to add Robot Jox.
