"The Matador" is a dark comedy with Pierce Brosnan as an outdated man who has a straight-forward, happy-married American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the Sardinian Julian (ironically called "Noble") on the surface is a "difficult man", he is really just a mass of neurosis and uncertainties, a man who realizes that his chosen occupation is almost alone in the world and friendly . So on his birthday, he reaches out to Danny, a man who lived his life through the rules and who is strangely affected by Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men find each other the person they can never be, but wish they could be in their quieter, earlier moments of self-evaluation. <br /> <br /> Although the movie also reminds a bit of "Analyze This" and "Midnight Run" feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador," earn points for the complexity of his characters and the quality of his acting. Brosnan, who looks older and has almost accumulated, sinks his teeth into Julian's role in a way he has never had before. Brosnan plays a man who constitutionally looks like he can't make a serious relationship with another person. It is one moment, quick and cavalier, then the next and sincere and sympathetic. He always keeps us out of balance so that humor never gets scratched or stale. Kinnear is also excellent as the regular Joe businessman who puts himself more on the Dark Side as his relationship with Julian deepens. Hope Davis does a good job as 'Bean', Danny's loyal and loving wife who, like her husband, finds herself through this mysterious and 'dangerous' figure from a world that is very different from the one she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes we feel that "The Matador" likes something back from us, not the depths of its situation and premises. At the end, it feels a bit too light, a little too insignificant to record its impact. This may be because it is the film debut for writer / director Richard Shephard, and he has not yet reached his film. Yet one appreciates the fact that he is not always the obvious and that he is firmly focused on the two main figures in the piece, which rarely establish for the solid set-up or the easy laugh. <br /> <br /> 'The Matador' is a flawed but generally entertaining comedy that will hopefully indicate a new phase in Brosnan's acting career.
