Fassbinder's most cute production offers a bit of his talent for identifying and deconstructing a locus of suffering in long, mobile tasks that somehow acts as social encapsulation; here it is much more open, as the story takes place in the warring Germany at the end of World War II, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla and Maria) who attributes to vulnerabilities (both economic and gender-related) to catapult herself on the teaching of a prominent textile corps. It makes sought-after goods such as lederhosen available to needy workers (as she once was). Married amid allied air strikes, Maria and her new husband, Herrmann, are allowed a short honeymoon before being sent to the Russian front. In her absence, her despair is tremendous: she spends most days at the station waiting for him to return. When he is reported dead, she suddenly stops grieving and works as a barmaid / prostitute at a brothel who is catered for by American GIs. <br /> <br /> When he comes back, things get very messy, such as circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspiracy to keep them apart. The message is Fassbinder's M.O. Big wrote, "Love is colder than death," but Mary is not only dealing with her own common sense, and a man who is largely incapable of loving her, but a country deep flow with no noticeable light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder makes a kind of statement about post-war Germany selling to the highest bidder, but like all his films, I tend to exclude those elements and focus on the unbearable passions displayed: Fassbinder is like through his characters evoked; his actors' as filtered through their actual connections with Fassbinder. Together, his films can be either unbearable or indescribably mesmeric, often at the same time; It falls somewhere in between, although it is definitely closer to the latter. While I didn't have as much as The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly had a bigger scope and I could also feel his passion and authentic detail on human emotions.
