The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria) who only marries a German soldier (Herman Braun) at the end of the war. After being married for half a day and a night, Herman is sent back to the front. To end up meeting, Maria starts working at a bar for especially American soldiers and learns to get to know a black soldier. She has a word that Herman died on the front and develops things between her and the American soldier. Herman walks up in them, in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria killed the American. Herman admits the murder, ends in jail and Maria vows to wait for him. The land is in deserts; One sees people leaving everything they are doing with a cigarette. There are food shortages. In short, it is a time of survival of the strongest. <br /> <br /> Basically, this film develops Maria's attitudes - the attitudes she permits under the mentioned circumstances, as a metaphor for the loss of soul in Germany after losing the war and how it continues to itself. rebuild. For example, Maria has the following conversation with a peddler (played by Fassbinder herself); The peddler is trying to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist and she says "Kleist burns out quickly, it doesn't give enough heat for the cold". The peddler answers. "It's another way to look at it. Right now it's probably the right way." <br /> <br /> After meeting her in the first class train compartment bargains, Maria meets a French / German business man, Karl Oswald. She decides to engage with Karl, "You don't have a relationship with me, I have a relationship with you." She also takes responsibility in the company, and after a while the firm has full confidence. When Karl says, "I think we just have to wait for a miracle," she replies. "I prefer to make miracles, then wait for them." In her own words she became the "Mata Hari of the economic miracle". <br /> <br /> In many Fassbinder films, he tried to expose the psychological processes behind social mechanisms (see Freud); In other words, he likes to show his camera on the bullsh * t, the fake social mechanisms, the handicap. The direct approach Maria takes in this movie is successful in conveying this ideology. For example, she calls Karl and when he picks up the phone, her request is straight to the point "I need someone to sleep with". As Fassbinder said: "The emotions that people felt did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentality that we thought we should be properly functional members of society." He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I especially had the scene when Karl and Maria met in the Munich restaurant (apparently frequently visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears in control and Karl is a little at the bottom, as if Maria's "brutal honesty" carries him, as if he is no longer entirely on the situation. Karl says: "I have to tell myself repeatedly what I love about life." Maria replied, "It's not life. As if we signed a contract to enjoy life. And then we go out to eat and talk about food." I think it's also about Fassbinder's attitudes about relationships, never to submit to anyone at all. And why would you as the central issue of most of his films be about "What love is in this society?" A commodity, a tool of power, a weapon. "<br /> <br /> It has been noted that it is typical Fassbinder to have the screens with Maria and Betti wearing dresses in the dresses in expensive dresses - with these clothes essentially the wrong time. he wanted to portray here, those attitudes, when you feel bad, that "you can always look your makeup and the face of the day good." But Fassbinder didn't want to be in perfection. Any mistakes made in a movie can only be rectified in the next project, since completing movies (about 4 a year), the way other people roll cigarettes, it is no wonder that this movie has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer Most of the writing wrote that Fassbinder had dreamed the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brilliant as Maria, mostly not staring to the camera, in Maria's own words, "It's a bad time for emotions. But I like it. "<br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a heart attack, Herman finally acted (Herman returned to Australia after being out of jail, to become a man again.) After the will has been delivered (made up to her and Herman in half), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she lights her cigarette and blows her and Herman on. It was obvious that she had just done it by accident, and at the same time she had to strangle when her dreams finally became apparent, and she had to feel as if she were no longer herself, feeling as though she had survived herself.
