Maria Braun managed in the middle of battles around her and her husband, Hermann. An explosion ripped through the building, and she and Hermann had to write the papers on a pile of rubbish on the street. Maybe it could be a heavy-handed metaphor for what's coming: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is a betrayal where the man goes to war and is detained in a Russian prison camp. The helpless, but hopeful and proud Mary, standing by the depressing debris of the station, comes home like others, others, in fact, as in Rainer Werner Fassbinder's melodramas, there are problems. <br /> <br /> We see as Maria (unusually wonderful Hanna Schygulla in this role) as one of his best and most challenging. do a two-face: she will stand with her husband, even if it means working at a bar for American GIs and even after hearing about a fellow soldier Hermann died, he will still stand with him If she sleeps with a black GI and comes close to carrying his child (this is of course until he reappears and there is a murder and he takes the rap so she can be safe), or works for a German businessman (effectively sympathetic Ivan Desny) and sometimes becomes mistress and rising star in the company. Mary will do everything necessary to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say there's anything about Maria that isn't fascinating. Money, gender, power, all of them are exchanged for Mary. She is like the feminist who has her cake and eats it with a sultry smile: she gets a man, more or less (actually much less to the last ten minutes of the movie) while she gets things - a man who's up her dot when he can, a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money - that others around her are not due to a man or too weak, to stand anywhere (like the secretary , played interesting enough by Fassbinder's own mother). <br /> <br /> Mary is sexy, confident and alone, with an idealized life against a life to be shaded. She says of the two men - the American soldier and poor old and sick Oswald - that she likes, and at the same time keeps the roses. The confused and soul-seeking man, Hermann, sends from Canada after being released from prison. . She casts a profile that would have a feminist love to trounce, but understand where she came from and go completely. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses this inherent contradiction, and moments with Maria seem to be against the conventions of a melodrama (for example, Hermann who enters the jubilant and half-naked Maria and GI just over a masterpiece of a scene, with Maria's reaction, not surprising or guilty, but sheer joy to see that he is there, let alone life) to his guns as a director of such a high-quality storyline technique which must be predictable. But it's not really. It is like a great metaphor for a country that could not really move after the war. A few times Fassbinder gives the radio sound in the background, and we see Maria walking around her family home, and the crowds are going over her, and the radio is talking about a divided Germany, of the things that are still very upset, of a disorder. Perhaps the only way to deal with it is redundant, or maybe it's just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> It's really hard to say, really, under Schygulla's face and eyes anyway. It's such an incredible show, really, one of those showstoppers that captures the glamor and appeal of an earlier Hollywood female star while being hit with a street girl. Most narrative are the opposing costumes that one sees in one scene when she is finally with her husband, staring in one of those superlative black lingerie pieces and high heels and then moving to a dress without even thinking about it. It's almost at the heart of what Mary is, and Schygulla gets it wonderful, a head-strangling but somehow loving figure marveled by the men around her, sometimes in a single sense. This is what Fassbinder captures in his wonderful first part of his "trilogy"; While I generally prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as a character study, of what a woman types and loses almost nothing.
