One of the most important artistic movements in the history of the theater was without a doubt German expressionism, the highly atmospheric style of films developed during the 20s in Berlin. Classic movies like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari." (1920) and Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens (1922) were the best-known direct results of this movement, and while the movement did not have a long life, the tremendous influence on the cinema can still feel today, especially in horror genre. One of the key figures of this style would be director Paul Wegener, director of the 1920s "Der Golem, Who's in the World Kam", as in his debut as a filmmaker, seven years before making those classics, he already makes experiments with expressionism in film. That early prototype of German expressionism happened to be another horror movie: "Der Student von Prague". <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prague" is the story of Balduin (Paulus Wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best fencer in Prague, but always having financial difficulties. One day, Balduin rescues the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after her horse accidentally dropped her. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon he discovers that she wants to marry her with her rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner). Knowing he can't offer her much, Balduin wants to be rich, and that's where a wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin infinite wealth in return for everything he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal, just to discover what Scapinelli wants, his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Last inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's short story "William Wilson" and the classic legend of Faust, The story of "Der Student von Prague" was invented by German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the first writers to consider writing as valid as any other form of literature. Written in a time when the theater in Germany was still developed as an art form, 'Der Student Von Prague' shows a real willingness to really use cinema to tell a fully developed story as a camera or a series of scenes . Like most writers of his time, Ewers screenplay is still very much influenced by theater, although "Der Student Von Prague" moves away from that style. Although it is a bit poor on his character development (especially on supporting characters), Ewers can create an interesting and complex protagonist in the person of Balduin. <br /> <br /> While "Der Student von Prague" was Paul Wegener's director debut and Stellan Rye's second film as a filmmaker, it is quite clear that these two pioneers had a good idea of ​​what the cinema can do if done properly. The grand use of Guido Seeber's cinematography, the two young filmmakers, creates a powerful Gothic atmosphere that predicts what the German filmmakers will do over the next decade. Wegener would learn a lot of the techniques he would use in his "Golem" series from Seeber and Rye. Despite the limited resources, Rye and Wegener can create a wonderful and very convincing (for his time) visual effect for the screens with Balduin's reflection (also played by Wegener). Wegener is already an experienced stage actor at the time of making this film, and the attempt to move away from the role of previous filmmakers. <br /> <br /> As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective. and probably the best in the movie. It certainly helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the author, but one cannot deny that Wegener was very good at his role as the poor student who lost more than his mirror reflection in that contract. John Gottowt plays the sinister Scapinelli with mysterious aura that suits the character like a glove. Little is said about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt makes sure we know he's a force to be feared. The rest of the main throw is less fortunate, with Grete Berger actually being on average like Countess Margit and Lothar Körner a poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, it should be said that Lyda Salmonova was pretty good in her expressive character, and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, which had the dignity that Lörner's character had. <br /> <br /> Considering the movies that were done in other countries in those years, and the fact that his remake (13 years after this movie was made) is in all possible ways better, it's not difficult to understand why "Der Student Von Prague" was not the test of time as well as other early films. The main problem with the movie is definitely the extremely low budget. This led to the film being considerably shorter than what Ewers' story had to be fully developed. It sometimes makes the plot too vague, or even incomplete, as if something is missing in the narrative (of course there is also the possibility that the existing pressure is really incomplete). "Der Student von Prague", however, is a very interesting early attempt at a complex story of horror and tension in film that, while inferior to what other filmmakers did, left a powerful impression in history. <br /> <As the direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to see the enormous interest that "Der Student von Prague" has in the history of the German film, probably in the history of the theater in general. denied. It may even look dated, but taking into account the limited resources his director has, it's really better than most movies from the era. As the film that Paul Wegener's career began, and with German expressionism, "Der Student Von Prague" is a must see for anyone interested in this piece of film history. 10/07
