1927, and Hollywood has been on the map for more than a decade as the hub of the movie world. Having become the site of a multi-million dollar industry and establishing the vertically integrated studio system, some of those in the quieter quarters of this film factory took time for some self-reflection. The last assignment, while his heart can be the classic story of a once-sought-after man who has fallen into difficult times, frames that story into a dark view of how cinema recreates uncertainty and how its production process can be mercilessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on the scene long enough. <br /> <br /> The center is a man who was at the time of Hollywood's most celebrated immigrants ?? Emil Jannings. Prior to coming to the states, Jannings worked mainly in comedy, a master of the hammy, but hilariously well-timed performance, often as pompous authority figures or dodding old has-bones. He makes his entry into The Last Command as the latter, and at first it seems to be another of Jannings's scenic caricatures. However, as the story progresses, the actor gets his series to demonstrate, showing heavy delicate weakness, tranquil dignity and ultimately wonderful power and presence in the finals. He never quite stops being an exaggerated exaggeration (the German play tradition knows nothing of subtlety), but he constantly keeps our attention with absolute control over every facet of his performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, even though it was a bit longer in Hollywood and had no background in the European film industry. Nevertheless, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated the image of the artistic and eternal Teutonic Kino Meister (the "von" was erected at that time) and took a very distinctive approach to the vessel. From the note in this photo is his handling of pace and tone, a good example is the first of Russian flashbacks. We open up with a carefully confronted chaos of movement in converging directions, with which we share the audience, as the camera pulls back and extra dash across the screen. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything falls off. Jannings's performance is incredibly calm and measured, and when the players around him begin to mirror it, the effect is as if their mere presence has restored order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show an aversion to violence, which puts the grimmest moments away from the screen, yet it implies that they have happened with a flow of images that are almost poetic. In fact, he really looks like an everyday lack of interest in action. In the scene of the rebellion of the prisoners, Sternberg takes a sincere and objective attitude, and his camera eventually pulls back to a fly-on-the-wall position. Compare this with the following screens between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which is a complex medley of perspective shots and intense close-ups, which puts us right in the middle of their interaction. <br /> <br /> As a personality set up, Sternberg seems to have played much like the cold and bitter director on William Powell's screen, and Powell's portrayal is probably something of a deliberate parody that even Sternberg himself would have been. Unfortunately, this difficult attitude has not made him an easy man to work with, and, coupled with his focus on his technical resources over his people, leaves the smaller performances in his pictures a little to be desired. While Janning's classic hamming is showing in the dramatic Charles Laughton mode, it seems that no-one has told his fellow stars they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good and gives us some good emotions, but survives it here and there. The only show near Jannings is that of Powell himself. It's a little strange to see the normally lovely star of The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld playing so strictly and humorously, like a male Ninotchka, but he does a good job and reveals a smoldering emotional intensity among the hard heart. <br /> <br /> The Last Command could easily have had a few feathers in studio offices. It tends to happen with any deviant commentary on the movie process, even a relatively easy example like this. At least, I believe many studio kicks would be considered by the "behind the scenes", as they threatened the mystique of movie activities, which were still very lively at this stage. As it turns out, it is the effect of the picture that Jannings won the first Oscar award for best actor, as well as a best writing name for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the issue is a bit vague) nomination for best photo. This is significant, as the Academy was a small institution, and the first awards were more than ever a bit of a slump in the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognized good material when they saw it and were willing to reward it.
