Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film produced by his hero's (Shintaro Katsu) own production company. This is perhaps why it is a slightly smaller entry into the series, but it is not at all poor in general. It tells of our hero who comes across two towns, competitive bosses and a mysterious ronine who helps the poor. From this set-up, a story is played that includes tragedy, violence and no little interest. It all played with lashings of the unashamed but inspired sword game that is one. of the range of brands. It's a pretty predictable plot and it bumps in unobtrusive fashion, but it gets rhythm with style and is interesting stuff. For example, the helpful ronin is a noble unspeakable revolutionary character, upsetting the established order without being painted as a true likeable or lucky figure. Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and causes damage through his actions, while the ruling system is exploiting the arm. It's a tough world, with one or two more visceral and anticipated moments in the battle, though things aren't as exciting as they can be. Shintaro Katsu turns into a typical bravura show like Zatoichi, with wisdom, lethal skill and worldliness with a subtle, sad feeling of vulnerability. Solid work also comes from Rentarô Mikuni and an effective baleful Kô Nishimura (later as Katsu's better "Snake" Magobei in the Hanzo trilogy) as the two main bases in the film. There is also a good emotional turn from Yuko Hamada as a wrong woman. The movie is lost through shaky pacing and a sequence of events not as well constructed. There is at least one slightly cold jump in time and the power of the plot is a bit lost, which means that when things warm up at the end, the movie isn't as exciting as it can be, emotional impact is also lost. . The action or scenes of Zatoichi using his ingenious skills are handled well by director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some of the gambling is less interesting and builds the film in a real, rather than really inspired, way without the vibrant characters or strong dyeing other installments. However, I enjoyed this one, it has its faults and is not one of the best in the series, but it still captures a lovely dose of entertainment, a good story and decent doses of Zatoichi's brand again and cute. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable access point, classic stuff, but not really great.
