Gundam Wing is a wonderful show from start to finish, every episode is a pleasure to watch. The story is typically Gundam prize, in the future the Earth's populations grow to the extent that we create space colonies to expand. However, the story is in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. This is the year after the colony 195 and the corrupt earthly government, known as the Earth Sphere Alliance, completely removes the free colonies. To combat the Alliance control and the even greater threat that will come (an alliance known as the Alliance known as OZ, which controls Earth and colonies later), members of the colonies choose send 5 super powerful mechs to Earth to try to save the colonies from the threats coming soon. This mechs, known as Gundams, fights OZ and tries to regain peace in the colonies, as OZ takes the lead, the Alliance completely eliminates and takes control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> As I said before, Gundam Wing is probably the most enjoyable Gundam series to look at in my opinion. A big part of this reason is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before that, but the stories are much more deep and complicated than the majority of the other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and emotion than any other Gundam show I've ever seen. This particular series looks more like character and relationships between those characters than the epic space battle. Don't get me wrong, this show still has many epic battles in it, and the show still holds the epic atmosphere that other Gundam series have, but it does so by the story of an ensemble cast of 6 or 7 characters to follow. Unlike just 1 follow. <br /> <br /> No matter how you see it, it's truly one of the most unique and enjoyable Gundam series out there, and I highly recommend it to any fan of anime or scene in general . The show sports an incredible animation and excellent action, but the depth and complexity of the story is what brings you back for more. The characters are so well drawn out at the end of the show that you finally love each one of them. This show is definitely one that should not be missed. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
