The Matador is better because of reflection because it looks light. The humor is always medium-sized, never unfriendly, but never at all. The story is a very simple thread. The characteristics of the plot are often recyclable properties, namely the unscrupulous bad guy who needs a shredder and the straight-faced glamorous good guy who needs life security to learn and learn from each other and at one or the other other way to complement each other's lifestyle. I also find the bullfighting parallel to the story unnecessary, because it is a simple cruel thing and the symbolism is barely powerful enough to carry itself. However, this is really a good movie, but it wasn't so thin and unpleasant. It has a subtle way to connect with the audience. <br /> <br /> I believe the reason why it is slowly but surely giving up is something to take with it, because it is a formula that is nothing new, even most of the humor, both main characters , almost the only characters in it, are met in one way or another and got it. Forget to mention them really. It's not what I mean. What I mean is that, while Pierce Brosnan's dirty, greasy, hit man is a loose comic character, he is determined by the author and decidedly by Brosnan, who aggressively communicates how much he enjoys the breath of fresh James Bondless air . Greg Kinnear's character looks quite similar in his standalone script, but he has given some very unexpected footnotes passing by for a moment because of the film's resemblance, but we only hit a moment later. We then realize the movie was not just Analyzing These or aircraft, trains and cars once again said. The real thing is something. <br /> <br /> The movie's climax is of a kind that wants to be a bit of a thrill with twists and turns. But with its lights, how could it possibly be the focus of the movie, although the plot has led to it? No, the focus is what Brosnan and Kinnear come from their unlikely relationship with each other. Curiously, The Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan treats loneliness and regrets every day and although we don't understand why Kinnear is so lenient and assumes Brosnan is constantly interrupting his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan Kinnear is saving a more downward version of his own. feelings as a way of salvation. The very last scene of the movie remains with me. I think that's where the movie's subtle side-stepping impact finally sneaks.
