Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the ongoing Gundam chronicles. Unlike previous entries that focused on massive wars, this one is a little different; Instead of an army-to-army situation, this one is led by five teenage teams (due to their ability to mix easier than regular adults) and their machines called "Gundams" due to the metal alloy used in their construction. . This leads to problems, as Gundams must be destroyed, replaced by "Mobile Suits", which launches less destructive weapon platforms and "Dolls" launched on A.I. and is used as a shallow infantry. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing a head start over a larger part of the Anime that lets it go. Especially since most anime is adapted from popular magazines, such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all of which are available from Shonen Jump, now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets themselves apart from most anime in that instead of over-the-top fights between mortals that look more like gods, Gundam is very humanistic and appears to be in the fact that it is dramatic rather than melodramatic and events seem to unfold gracefully over the series. Usually in anime there are more than a few ranges that think the best way to be a "small" battle is to take half an hour - something that will never happen in real life. Gundam emphasizes this by making sure everyone knows that characters will die, machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, battles will be lost and won, and it does not seem to make the action itself satirical. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in the details, and what this series has, that more anime would be grateful for that. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magical or moving martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hard scientific fiction from a country that hates hard scientific fiction. (PLEASE NOTE: The writer would like to say that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not hard scientific fiction, as the scientific topic at the heart of his series) loves Star Wars, but hates A.I. (the movie). From now on why Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD is now in production for both Japanese and US releases at the same time with two voting teams. American audiences should wait just two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to capture the printed or captioned versions or even the edited Cartoon Network's SeaD episodes. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that these two sides of war are technically backward. The heroes are those who defend the rights of the more affluent and aristocratic citizens of the Earth from the group of terrorists who, at any and all costs, are the main players of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. It's not war, it's "total war". Every person, every building, every street is a target for attack, both on Earth and off. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and why it hasn't reached the ten score, is about three -Fourths from the road, it's just a kind of death for a few episodes , and no one really seems to change. Similar to a contemporary flashback, which is good because of what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time it is being broken down by the brewing between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the overplayed-on-Cartoon Network (back in 2001-2003). Mobile suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz movie more than just being slack.
