A team of archaeologists uncover a real treasure ?? the crown of the queen of sheba From Egypt, the crown is transferred via steamer to San Francisco. But it won't be an easy journey. There are plenty of those who will be best at getting their hands on the precious jewels in the crown. Fortunately for everyone involved, Moto at hand to protect the crown on his journey. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to get their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After the disappointment of Mr. Moto's Gamble I got in Mr. Moto went. but, though, fear of the worst. But within the first 10 seconds of the movie I knew I'd find it more enjoyable. I'm a sucker for a 1930s-style mystery that has everything to do with archaeological digs in Egypt. And if Moto is disguised as a German archaeologist (Imagine Peter Lorre playing a German?), The start scenes really got me in. Although the movie may have quickly moved to the less exotic San Francisco, it just as nice to stay. Dark, sinister characters sneaking in the rainy night; guns shot from open windows that miss the hero's head; sophisticated and suspected silly alarm systems that just beg someone to test them; and master criminals believed they were dead ?? these are the types of elements found in many of the very good 1930s that I love. And Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation has them all. A few other bonuses for me included the always enjoyable Lionel Atwill in a nice little role, comic relief from G.P. Huntley is actually funny, and a return for Mr. Moto. I already mentioned his disguise in the opening styles of the movie, and the athletic Moto comes close to the movie's final. Moto is like a swirling dervish of activity as he goes to his prey. All this and I didn't even mention the wonderful show by Lorre. Any way you look, Mr. Moto, take a holiday is a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate that Mr. Moto series had to end after this installment, it is understandable if you think about it. . World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero wouldn't have gone very well. At least the Mr. Moto series ended on a very positive note.
