Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit. Or a "facilitator of death", as he prefers to be named. He is also a drunk, a woman, and in the midst of a half-life crisis. At a job in Mexico City, he bumps into Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an unreliable businessman who thinks he's just nailed a recent ghost, but is uncertain. They met one night in the hotel bar after they both had too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> Sounds like the setup for a by-the-numbers comedy thriller,? But it is not. Instead, The Matador is a funny and sometimes becoming character study. It avoids every turn that the above summary suggests, sometimes even putting them up just to tear them up. It is a movie that respects characters just to let them turn on, without the necessity of engaging them in unnecessary intrigue. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's hit is inevitably compared to his Bond, but it is unfair for both performances. Bond is a half-formed idea, a product of everything that has gone before; while Julian is a fully formed character with his own motivation and defects. He existed for so long in his shadow, seedy world. He forgot how to talk to another person. <br /> <br /> If he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: an ordinary man with a normal job and normal problems. He strives for Danny; the hit sustained his life, seeing himself closer to his inevitable "burnout", as he puts it. But when Danny opens over the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, "runs away from any emotion". Kinnear holds his own opposite Brosnan's performance, and injects Danny White with his effortless everyman charm. He is the perfect foil for Julian; while the latter is drunk bravado and hedonism, Danny is on earth, with just a hint of eccentricity. But he also goes deeper than his established person, showing us how far the allman will go when faced with financial and family demise. <br /> <br /> There is real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It's the most visible in the movie's three key styles: the hotel bar; a bullfight, during which Julian tells Danny what he is doing for a life, and takes him through a dress rehearsal of an assassination; and a scene in which Julian appeared at Danny's house six months later. This scene also puts us well to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much The Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking for a hired killer in her home, she just asks for calm: "Did you bring your gun?" The writing is not as good as it was possible. One or two lines seem a bit forced, and some jokes need a bit more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just talk, the writing is wonderful. The movie does not have to put the characters in an excessive situation (other than meeting a hit, saying the hit comes on your doorstep). It just lets them talk, cut them gently to the necessary plot points. <br /> <br /> There is action, but only when it reflects on the characters. One notable example is when Julian cuts a job in Budapest because he sees himself by the size of his guns. The rest of the movie is about the characters, how they interact, how they touch each other. And finally it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he's his only friend. And he really means it.
