It is very difficult to judge this movie. As entertainment for the 21st century viewers, it fails miserably. For the student of early sound films and history, however, it is a gem. Show of Shows was filmed to compete with MGM's successful "Hollywood Revue of 1929", which is still intact with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the all-star revue was to show off a particular studio's quiet stars in roles, showing that they could make the transition. Warner Bros. However, it seems to have forgotten and has many acts and stars that they have not even had long-term contracts, such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie, and even a march. Meanwhile, their biggest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even at a high salary, he cannot be obliged to enter. Almost every act is too long and the film plays like a dozen or so Vitafoon shorts that are not stretched with any continuity. The final is too long, but it's really nice with all its dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the movie are two numbers of Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub", a few numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore who Shakespeare, and Chinese Fantasy " Li Po Li "with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last issue is the only part of the movie that survives in Technicolor, and it's really attractive. Quite enough, the players in these good deeds, Warner Bros., were the long-term stars. Perhaps the director knew how to play their strengths because he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film acts as a snapshot at a strange point in film history - the year 1929, which was the bridge between two eras - the silent and healthy rally, the roaring 20s and the Great Depression. Just two years later, the same movie would have played a completely different role as Warner Bros. its silent era stars and the stars they hired just to produce the early musicals in favor of the stars that gave Warner Bros' distinctive urban appearance. and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson, and others.
