The Matador is a strange movie. His main character, Julian, played with an unusual mix of charm and imbalance by Brosnan, is not your typical hero. Julian is a hit experiencing a late middle-aged crisis. After working for 22 years in the profession of cold-blooded murder, he now finds himself stressful and desperate. And so, after a casual gathering at a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he strikes and starts a striking, uncomfortable friendship. Danny, the peculiar nice guy, is doing some things in his own life and the truth is being said, can also use a friend. The two made an unexpected connection, and Danny stomped to hear Julian's story even after learning the "undisputed" truth about Julian's work. <br /> <br /> Matador is approaching a topic that is not completely unprecedented in the film, hero killer (films like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' are coming out). However, Matador differs in several important ways. First, the murder and gore are implied, but never really shown in any detail, which means if you are an action movie looking for an adrenaline rush, this movie will probably disappoint you. And secondly, unlike most anti-hero movies, Matador makes no attempt to show remorse and salvation from his main character. Julian's work is simply presented as a "that's what it is" kind of thing. This is unusual, as 99.99% of us would consider killing for money. And yet this unorthodox approach may be what makes the movie real. Although we don't want to admit it, almost anything can be done anywhere long enough, maybe even murder. Did Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays to kill people? Who knows. The movie never deals with these questions. The focus is on Julian and his stumbling block in a true friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the newspaper, you would have a passing thought that people like him from society like a cancer should be torn out of the mouth, but forced to watch his life, you become through his intense humanity drawn. Sympathy for the devil, I think. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's actions Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not completely separate himself from his James Bond appearance and smooth charm, but rather adds the disturbing properties to the mixture. Strange or rough remarks in the middle polite conversations and sudden shifts from suave charm to childish tantrums and sad desperate pleas for acceptance. It tells you about his understanding of his common sense and how it will affect those around him. It's a bit like listening to a piano player who occasionally hits an incorrect note while playing, but it works. The movies just another important role, that of Danny, isn't nearly as greasy. Kinnear turns into a solid as unpredictable performance as a regular Joe with regular Joe life and trouble. <br /> <br /> The movie doesn't have really big shocks or M Night Shyamalan twists, but I couldn't guess the end and it felt satisfying. It has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights and yet it feels very human. And it didn't have a heartbreaking car hunt or rifle fight, yet I thought the pacing was well done and I was never bored. Perhaps the only true message here is the human need to reach out and connect with each other, and how the needs have no moral prerequisites. Even a killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. This is a comment about the strange, random world in which we live. A good movie; worth seeing.
