Sherman, set up the 1986 break-back machine. The United States has only climbed out of its worst post-war recession while Japan is enjoying an unprecedented industrial boom. Manufacturing industries remained an important part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American". The word "downsizing" has not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone has known the phenomenon. Bruce could be heard on the radio song. "Foreman says this job is going, son, and they're not coming back to your home town." Chrysler was recently bailed by Uncle Sam. Bumper stickers can be seen: "Buy American - the job you save can be your own." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of the American industrial workforce than just any other popular movie made during that time. Certainly the movie has its faults - some loose plot threads and mediocre working by all but Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story is actually about the East and West meeting: Keaton's Hunt Stevenson embodies America, brash and confidently on the outside, but uncertainly uncertain. Watanabe's Kazuhiro personifies Japan, on top of the hope of a successful system, but wonders if more of their Western rivals should be taught. The movie's plot, flawed as it is, simply provides a framework for the conflict, and ultimately synthesis, of their two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's theater screen overshadows everyone's people and makes the movie virtually the same. I always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver improvised lines, no matter what writing he followed. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a lovely, sweet allman, a natural leader with a wise ass stripe. But he has a fatal error for many of us: he doesn't want to disappoint anyone. He will divert the crowd with inspiring anecdotes, and even lie, rather than pointing out the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is the mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese education, reluctant to be the bearer of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro, with the employees' grievances, perfectly captures the Japanese approach to workplace conflict. Kazuhiro answers Stevenson's complaints with "I understand what you say," but will not refuse his requests aloud. Stevenson misinterpreted it as an agreement and went away and said, "Okay, we've fixed it." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American relations in the 21st century!) <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: let the factory run smoothly, achieve production goals, and fulfill their responsibility to the workers among them. To achieve this goal, they must each take a page from the other's book. Kazuhiro's family becomes more "Americanized", a clear example. Also note that Stevenson thinks it's strange when Kazuhiro explains how to make a public apology to his workers because he hasn't succeeded. And yet, later in the movie, Stevenson does just that. <br /> <br /> The plot and its decision is a little cornball, but hey, it's a comedy. If you can think about the mistakes of the movie, there is a wonderful story about self-realization and openness here.
