A lot of neglect that it's not just a classic because it's the first 3D game, or even the first shoot-up. It is also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and certainly the first) truly claustrophobic games, and just a nice, well-rounded gaming experience in general. With graphics that are terribly dated today, the game puts you in the role of B.J. (don't * think * I'm going to try spell it first!), an American P.O.W. caught in an underground bunker. You fight and search your way through tunnels to achieve different objectives for the six episodes (but let's see, most of them are just an excuse to give you a weapon, surrounded with Nazis and send you out to one of you the Nazi leaders). The graphics are, as I have already mentioned, fairly dated and very simple. The least detailed of basically any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. However, if you can get it (and some will suggest that this simplicity only contributes to the effect the game has on you), then you have one of a good shooter / sneaking game. The game consists of searching for keys, health and ammunition, shooting enemies (aforementioned Nazis, and a "boss enemy" per chapter) of varying difficulty (which naturally grows as you move further in the game), opening doors and looking for secret rooms. There is a bonus score after each level is beaten ... it goes through how fast you were (basically, if you beat the 'par time', what is the time it took a tester to go through the same level It can be a lot of fun trying to beat, and how hard the levels have to find your way, they are even challenging after many play-throughs, how much Nazi gold (treasure) you have collected and how many bad guys you killed. Actually, if you have 100% of any of the aforementioned, you get a bonus to help you reach the prestigious high score. The game (mostly, but not always) allows for two different contrasting methods to play ... anything and everything you see. You can either run or walk, and under your weapons is also a knife ... running is heard immediately when you enter the same room as the guard, such as shootings. Many guards are found with their backs turned towards you, which means you can walk behind them and stab them ... almost silent. In your inventory you can get no less than four weapons and two keys ... more about the weapons later. The keys unlock certain doors. Most doors in the game are not locked. Only two types need keys. These keys are only introduced in later levels (you restart levels, set weapons, health, score and lives in each chapter). Many of the later games are spent searching for them. Now, as I just mentioned, this game, like much of the period (late 80's, early 90's), based on the collection of extra lives ... personally, I think is totally and completely useless (it was merciful of omitted ending here ... I think (?), from the next 3D shooter and beyond), since you can save any time and use a life to repair a weapon, health and ammunition, such as on a new chapter start pain in later levels, where * you need heavier artillery). Now, I won't beat the bush anymore ... move the guns! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is quiet but effectively close) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good for preserving ammunition, unlike the next two bad boys. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a sub machine gun. It's faster and automatic, and some later use enemies. And the last one ... is nothing of a Gatling gun! Oh yes! Think T2. Think Predator. Think about loosing large amounts of lead into Nazi enemies with such a gun. It's just as entertaining as it sounds. Most of the boss's enemies use it, so be prepared. I won't reveal the identity of this boss's enemies, but it's for every player to discover him (or her) himself. The sound is excellent ... very sharp and realistic. As you get the tear of a machine gun, hear the dull metal sound of a door behind you or a Nazi scream or surprise a warning in German, you really feel you are there, trapped in this dark and depressing bunker systems. It's pretty good in the level design ... if you lead through the seemingly innumerable, almost identical passages to the next lift, you continue the claustrophobic mood. I got more than one motion sickness (although it might also have to do with little sleep, lots of humidity and unusual warmth ...). Although the level of detail is not terribly high, it is good. Remains of victims, guards and numerous Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also has quite a bit of gore ... because it's a limited graphics engine, John Romero and the crew definitely have all the blood and guts they could for the game. What else is there to say ... the first of its kind, and it is no wonder it has gained countless other 3D shooters. Sours, gunfire and different elevation levels (stairs and such) did not come to the next entry in the genre ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D who introduced the function of changing your view (so it goes beyond just left and right, add vertical dimensions to it) and do not jump to a third, later title (the first Quake, possibly? golf gamers, help me here) ... but all the games, as well as the rest of the genre, their existence is due to this one. So pick up the Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and step into B.J. 's shoes ... he deserves recognition, even (or maybe even more?) nearly fifteen years after he first appeared. I have recommended it to all 3D game fans. 8/10
