Eric Stoltz performs an extraordinary performance as Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist who becomes paralyzed and in a specially-adapted hospital for the fit after breaking his neck in a step accident. While learning to cope with the gravity of his new limited physical condition, Joel is befriended by a quick, fast-paced talk, charming woman, Raymond (an amazing Wesley Snipes) and drilling, bitter, racist biker blossom (a tremendous William Forsythe) who feel threatened Through the diverse multi-ethnic settlement of fellow patients, he is forced to share a room. Joel also receives substantial support from his loyal and loving but married girl Anna (radiant played by Helen Hunt). But he still has to decide to be disabled on his own. <br /> <br /> This remarkable movie's most important triumph is its praiseworthy stubborn refusal to sanitize or sanitize the seriousness of these men. Directors Neil Jimenez (who also wrote the thoughtful and informative writing) and Micheal Steinberg relate the story with exceptional taste, whiteness and warmth, specifically based on disturbing feast and affection, how to be disabled, irrevocably change his lifestyle, including and especially your sex life (this point is best done in a striking order when Joel and Anna try to love a motel room). In addition to the expected poignancy, the film also offers a surprising surplus of evil funny raw, earthly humor highlighted by the turbulent series with Joel and Bloss, which makes a secret nightly expedition to a strip club. The uniformly excellent play qualifies as another important plus: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are all outstanding, with supportive turns by Grace Zabriskie as Bloss's bounty, friendly mother and Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young as compassionate hospital nurses. In spite of the grim topic, the film finally seems to be a very moving, positive and exhilarating movie test for the amazing power and durability of the human spirit. A simple wonderful jewel of a drama.
