At first glance, this movie looks like the Keifer Sutherland Series 24 for the big screen. Focusing on a plot to kill the United States president, a race against time and numerous secret service agents, the spotlight in The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist turns out Michael Douglas's character, instead, Pete Garrison is a veteran secret service agent famous for taking Reagan's bullet in 1981. The SS agents are specially trained to take the bullet, which makes them special - what right mind will put themselves in the line of a bullet and a target? But Garrison is involved in the assassination, and has to run for his life while doing his investigation into the plot. All this because of his failure in a polygraphic test, due to his adulterous hit of First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of Clint Eastwood's In the Line of Fire. Both the aging actors, and the aging veteran, were heroes with a bit of historical reference who took the bullet into their respective tours. While Eastwood's film has a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered from the lack of a central strong villain, and chose to share the murder responsibility among many forgotten ex-KGB villains and the mole within the presidential detail . With Douglas fleeing the law, he becomes similar to dr. Richard Kimble from The Fugitive. He looks for the proverbial people while at the same time relying on his smarts to challenge co-agents, which seems to be interesting to look at - despite smooth processes, it still boils down to the performance and compassion of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, today's best TV stars of 24 and Desperate Housewives, are seduced into supporting roles as secret service investigators looking at Garrison's probable involvement in the murder plot, and sometimes seems to leak from the pages of CSI with their forensic skills. The beautiful couple had chemistry that looked like X-Files's Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, but these two had very little to do here. We know why they are in the movie and that is to get their fans in the theaters. Also, Longoria's role was not able to shake off her sexy mommy Gabrielle, and here she has her pretty low cut leaves (Sutherland actually tells her to cover) and tight panties (all-fest for co-agents). <br /> <br /> Yet, it's still a pretty interesting look at the lives of probably the most advanced and tense protection detail in the world, and the typical threats they experience daily, including the following on every nutcase's threat for the life of the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent thrill and investigative thriller, with enough subplots to entertain you. But one thing, like most end-action sequences, has a big enough loophole for you to fly a jumbo jet through.
