Charles McDougall's resume includes sending episodes on 'Sex and the City', 'Desperate Housewives', Queer as Folk', 'Big Love', 'The Office', and so on, so he has all the references to the TV Meg Wolitzer's novel OVERGAWE, DOROTHY a success. And for the most part, he manages to keep this potentially juicy story about the sudden death of a loved one and the way people react in her life. <br /> <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos) a beautiful unmarried young woman is with her best friends - gay playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott), Adam's current squeeze Shawn (Chris Pine), and married couple Maddy ( Lauren-German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their baby son - to a home in the Hamptons for a summer vacation. The group looks jolly to a trip to the local ice cream room by Adam and Sara) leading to a car accident that kills Sara. Meanwhile, Sara's mother, Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active social life but calls on her daughter constantly, with the mutual greeting 'Surrender, Dorothy', plays it elsewhere: when she receives the call that Sarah dies , she immediately comes to the Hamptons where her remaining personality and sad friction create among Sara's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie reveals secrets about each of them, and thrives to speak to Sarah as if it were to make her live. Natalie's thirst for the truth at any cost leads to great changes among the group and it is only through the binding love of the room that Sarah eventually meets. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is at her best in these roles that run between drama and comedy and her presence keeps the story together. The screenplay has its moments for good lines, but it also has a lot of filler which is a bit heavy and morose which of course makes the actors uncomfortable with the lines they are given. Yes, this story has been told many times - the impact of sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy is being changed by revelations - but the film moves with a cast rate and has enough real entertainment to make it worthwhile to watch. Grady Harp
