The author of "Nekromantik", Jörg Buttgereit's second feature film, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain letter from a group called the "Brotherhood of the 7th Day", the movie shows 7 episodes, each consisting of one day in one week, where suicide is approached using different characters and situations, although letter makes it rounds. Don't touch this one if you like Hollywood movies or music, enjoy happy or even a normal "normal" movie or expect a movie to be good if it is focused on acting. <br /> <br /> Der Todesking's nihilistic, Avant-garde approach well explains why Buttgereit's films were generally banned in Germany, their home country of origin, in the 80's and most 90's. There Todesking is not really focused on the characters that appear on the screen, but the meaningless apathy or depression that most people's lives consist of in general. Buttgereit does not find reasons to continue, just reasons to stop, and if you choose how and when you die, you can also be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit's movies are generally difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. With the same crew and almost the same role as all his films, "movie" will be the closest description every time. Der Todesking features an original shooting method, creates the mood and handles the central object in virtually every scene. During one scene, the camera slowly, constantly pans in 360 degree circles, while a person lives in a small one-room apartment for a day. In another, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to portray a man's collapsing mental state while living in despair. During a third, seemingly pleasurable scenes, ages and occupations of real people committed suicide, on the screen, probably justified the ban in Germany for this particular movie. <br /> <br /> Episode movies (and especially this one, as the screens are only vaguely connected) suffer from incoherence, and Der Todesking is no exception. Although all episodes have the same focus on death and that is the consequence or subsidence in all its variations, there are many powerful episodes, but an episode or two may even look like stuffing material, which partially drains the overall power of the movie. The jaw-shattering, immensely powerful intermittent image depicting a decomposing body manages to hold the movie together and clean it from it being more vague moments back to the greatness status. The general atmosphere is amazing, awesome, highly depressed and sometimes even disgusting - so much so that dozens of people left in the middle of the movie at a movie festival. <br /> <br /> It's a lasting movie and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something they'll remember in the coming year. Not recommended for the faint of heart or show time fans, it's a small, different movie that really increases feelings in the audience. Whether it is confusion, surprise or even hate, it will probably not be left cold, in my opinion the best performance of this little Indian crew. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the movie, "The Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III" is released in a limited 666-piece 8 "vinyl edition. It is now very sought after. get the classic masterpiece by getting the "Nekromantik" soundtrack CD, which I The Lo-Fi synthesizer music in the movie is dark and striking, almost inflexible, making an essential part of the movie's atmosphere and that is something you many, very seldom heard, much recommended!
