"Like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, such as a spontaneous youthful flirt of fascination and fear, such as a climax of conflicting emotions," one of the movie buffs said after watching LOVE AT TOP, the wrong interpretation of the stylish director Michel Deville's LE MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> However, the New York Times Vincent Canby said just after the 1974 premiere of the movie: "LOVE BO, opened at the 68th Street Playhouse on Tuesday, is a French comedy of 1973, which is a lesser reminder of a number of nineteen and fifties English comedies about the emergence and emergence of cynical young men who possess and possess ambition. "Yet, the significant difference he mentioned was the fact that LOVE WAS is involved in the English class system. (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> After the evaluations were passed on to individuals, of course, the test of time did its only job. What can be said with more than 30 years of certainty is that we can hardly find such movies as LE MOUTON ENRAGE where decades seem innocent, where liaison youths appear enthusiastic, where feelings are so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For Romy Schneider's fans, it seems useless to point out that this movie should be a highlight, not only because she is highlighting a unique show (as she did in all her roles) of her career (9 years before her sudden death) but because she is particularly attractive here. It is not TRIO INFERNAL where such an escape from Romy's sweetie has been played by saccharine for years. Sissi meets his most discouraging manifestation, but a film where the brilliant actress is given an honest role. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of lust for the story, playmaker Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who takes financial profits from funny links. This movie boasts of unforgettable and unique shots from Romy and she gets some of her very best scenes. Romy's sex appeal is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point of the movie is carrying the content with the development of individual perception. Immediately as it may seem, the director makes a perfect use of contrast: conventions vs. enjoyment, innocence towards decade, true lust vs. instrumental relationship. Nicola owns most of the attributes that viewers may or may despise, may find attractive or disgusting; Yet she's the qualities that viewers need to deal with, more to say, they are the ones we all have to accept. That is why, one is led to a peculiar, light-hearted, erotic unique world of the main character. Although he sleeps with many women, there are two women who represent a kind of opposite world to Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, makes love to them, cannot refrain from desire for their bodies and their desire for money; yet he sees them differently. Yet, despite all this adult adulthood, he is emotionally like a little boy playing with a toy car on the table - a kind of detailed insight into the male minds ... in a comedy way of course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are many good performances, which underestimate LE MOUTON ENRAGE. Not only does the former Romy Schneider deliver a brilliant work to the viewers with extraordinary insight into her role, but young Jane Birkin seems to be convincing in the role of young, inexperienced street walker. Marie Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant makes it possible to see Nicola in the right way. These artistic merits laid out in performances go through Camille Saint-Saëns, the music that has long been in your ears in the ears, going with great music. So, besides some flaws of the movie such as dated colors, slow action (sometimes), possible clichés (noticed by some viewers), the merit must be found meaningfully. <br /> <br /> Overall, LE MOUTON ENRAGE is a clear manifestation of conflicting manipulative tools in life. It is worth seeing a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to strong eroticism, a chain of conflicting emotions, of love and hate, appreciation and horror compared to the first orgasm and the first anxiety. But we're not people, "viewers," movie buffs built on such contrasts?
