I can't say too much about California because unfortunately I haven't seen the thing yet (I only saw it in bits on Fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely fantastic! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I don't admit all his previous movies are good. But this role, I'm just, his play is wonderful, his character. Early looks so normal, okay, creepy, dark strange, but you normally know a hill of that kind I think. And Juliette Lewis's performance, although I can see how some can be irritated by that, I think it's incredible. Unfortunately, I haven't finished yet, but from reading other reviews here it sounds good, but disappointing. I must admit that I wish David Duchovany's wish (sorry if the spelling is wrong) was a little flat, but it was good for him. His wife's character was better, and I thought her performance, while not the best in the movie, was a portrait of the avant-Gard / older sister type. Especially the scene where Early and Brian will play pool, and Adele and Carrie have one at a time. I watched the scene at least twice and I still think the play in it is just wonderful. One because of the emotion Adele portrays after talking about the rape of the three guys and how she feels about Early and Carrie's reaction to it. Everything I think is just as perfect. I mean, maybe that's because I can relate a little, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt who plays the serial killer we see once; I thought he was wonderful. Some movies with Pitt I saw were just average or not worth it. I don't think I've ever seen a terrible Pitt movie, or if I have it, it's not because of his acting, these are other factors. This movie was not one of them. He showed a great show in California. I swear I'm not just random, I love him for his acting not just because he looks good. I mean his character in this movie is not exactly beautiful or cute! Pitt is dark, breeding and actually scary. Yet he is also cheerful, funny, beautiful and even loves Adele. Admittedly, there are a few places that have made me want to get through the TV and strangle him, but it's probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie.) But it also shows how well Pitt's play in this movie was, it made me forget He played a character, that's what good acting is supposed to do. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I wish I could say more, but that's all I can really say without seeing the end, I saw most of the movie that I caught on Fuse and as I'm writing this I tap it on DVR so hopefully I can write a full review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie I thought was something really cool and something that looked like it (it doesn't!)
