I used to see 'California' (about 10 years ago) and I still remember a lot. That is why I wanted to see it again and all I can say is that it hasn't lost its strength yet, although I am much more accustomed to movies than I was ten years ago. <Br /> <br /> "California" tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of treading on a plain and flying right to the state where they say it rains, they choose to travel by car. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killers and she will make the matching photos. But because their car uses a large amount of petrol, they decide to take another couple together so they can spread the cost of the journey. Only one couple answered the add-on, so they would automatically be the lucky ones. But they haven't met yet and when Carrie first sees, Carrie is shocked when his journey has already started. Without being harmed, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are poor white trailers. She definitely doesn't want them in her car, but Brian doesn't really take them together and decides to stop them and pick them up anyway. At first, the couple didn't look that bad at all, but Early Grayce changed from a trashy hillbilly to an unrelenting killer ... <br /> <br /> Not only is the story very impressive, so what about we lead four. Brad Pitt is incredible like Early Grayce. His performance in this movie could be his best ever. Same for Juliette Lewis. She plays the childish and naive girl who doesn't want to hear a bad word about her early and does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a very good job and I really wonder why we have never heard anything from Forbes since this movie, because she has proven a lot of talent. <br /> Overall, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but due to the graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be for everyone's taste (although I don't really see another way to portray a serial killer in a credible way. Personally, I loved this movie very much and the violence never bothered me (this is part of the story that is too important to be left out). I reward this movie with an 8/10.
