In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another film not so popular with critics because of its excessive violence, but what I also loved, California is a movie that is clearly glamorizing violence, but I like it in the final act. Similar to how the Basketball Daybooks only enchant drugs, but show the bad side to the end of the movie, which is much worse if the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistic yuppie girlfriend, who is generally reserved in the violent sexy black and white photography. I don't know where places where nudity goes for art. Maybe it's really and I don't understand it. Anyway, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who play the role flawlessly), make the perfect couple to go on a documentary tour of well-known murders. Brian, the author, will write the book, Carrie can take the photos. <br /> <br /> To be artistic types, Brian and Carrie are not quite financially prepared for such a trip, so they put out an ad for someone to share gas and travel expenses, and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). Early on parole and at the local university, his parole officer was assigned to the local university. He sees the advertisement on a notice board and decides to leave the state for a while, break his parole, but also to abandon his landlord's murder. will not have to go through a tricky murder investigation. Two movies with a cliff. You know. <br /> <br /> The movie has a peculiar ability to portray two stereotypes, the artsy yuppies and the greasy trailer, without coming to clichés or even ending with caricatures of any kind. Brian and Carrie are artsy-liberals, but while Carrie catches Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated with Early's status as a ban, as seen in the scene of Brian Early's gun. Never shot a gun, he is as fascinated as a small child. While Adele and Carrie are back at a hotel, and Adele reveals such things in her childlike way as the fact that she had made her smoke early and that she was not allowed to drink (formerly do not think women should), Early and Brian is at the local bar. Brian reacts nervously drunk and tries to fight with him. Earlier, he first gave Brian advice on what to do and then to go in and make a quick lesson for the man. "Touch him, Bri, it comes out." "This is one of my favorite scenes in the film, partly because it's so funny that earlier said cheerfully if the guy's friends moved him away, bloodshed and murdered, but also because it was crawling with the girls at the hotel, we learned It is all about the two couples, their differences, and the conflicts that are likely to arise because of them, and besides, because Brian benefited from Early's actions and Carrie is upset about what she hears from Adele, it also illustrates the different way in which Carrie and Brian respond to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Obviously, you can't say it's not your typical strange couple of thriller, where the townspeople run in the landlords and all sorts of stereotypical chaos follows, on the one hand, it seems a bit too convenient for Brian and Carrie to go on a murder site tour and only be accompanied by a real murderer, but on the other hand it is a good way to glorify killing d what is inherent to counter. within a cross-country skiing trip designed to make known to killers and their crimes While studying the actions of previous killers, they eventually find Brian and Carrie face to face with the many materials they study and realize that murder is not as beautiful or morbidly fascinating as it is in your face, as it is through murderous studies. of murders. <br /> <br /> I'm constantly surprised by Brad Pitt's versatility as an actor. For example, consider his roles in films like California, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks by drastically or just enough to change his appearance to suit a given character and is completely credible. By the way, I tried in vain to be Grace for Halloween earlier, but couldn't get the hair and beard right. I even got the hat, which I initially thought was the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It is easy to understand why many people did not like California or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think everything that glorifies it is done with the purpose of explaining the audience's understanding of its topic. A film that has not at least initially glorified violence can never be as effective as California, but the film perfectly structures it. The glorification is all embodied in Brian's and Carrie's fascination with the idea of ​​murder and the auras of the places in which they happened, but they realize and we are embodied in the real thing they meet with Early and Adele. The film's purpose is to describe the difference between the idealization of violence and its horror.
