Although I am grateful, this dark jewel of 70's Italian exploitation figures in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" box, and also available on the slide under the deceptive and stupid alternative title "Escape from Death Row", I think it truly deserves a proper and luxurious DVD edition, all in its original spoken languages ​​with captioning options (the dubbing is really awful), restoring picture quality and a truck's special bonus features! Heck, I don't even need the restored image quality and bonus features if we could only see the movie in its original language. "Means Frank and Crazy Tony" is a cheerful fast mafia / crime flag with lots of violence, comedy (which does not always work), female beauty and two witty main characters. Tony Lo Bianco is wonderful as the little boy who pretends to be the city's biggest Don. When the real crime chief Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in town, he sees an opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook, but they eventually form an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and a new French criminal mastermind even strikes Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from jail and together they go to Marseille to withdraw Frankie's revenge. The mini-dissertation of this unfortunate, crippled memory keeps changing rogue action and tension with light copies of comedy, such as the grotesque car hunt through the narrow French mountain roads. Building the typical mafia execution sequence (led by an excellent Riz Ortolani score) is extremely tense and the real murders are sadistic and ruthless. This is probably why the film is considered a somewhat grindhouse classic. The movie does not have a strong female lead, as the beautiful and incredible benevolent beauty Edwige Fenech unfortunately only appears in a few scenes, and still in the background. Some of the men behind the camera, who were responsible for the excellent cinematography, were nothing short of Joe D'Amato. Great movie, highly recommended for fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it soon in its original version.
