I have never heard of Leos Carax as his Merde segment in Tokyo last year, and he was easy to portray the three stories of the movie. This was not my favorite of the shorts, but it was the most unique and the most iconic. "The lovers on the bridge" were the first of its full-length features I have seen, a virtuoso romantic film that uses image and music to communicate an exuberant, young love in the poet. Although he is classified as a neo-nouvelle fashion, his films are as much in the silent movie as the 60's experimental stories. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau, and Guy Maddin, as Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In 1984's 1984, Boy Meets Girl Carax's debut uses black and white and heavy confidence in visual depiction to show emotional conditions. He combines the exuberant worlds of Maddin, but based on a reality that never looks like Cocteau, but on the basis of its expressions, it becomes more accessible, emotional and alluring like Vigo's movies. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple, and similar to Carax's two following films that make up this "Young lovers" trilogy. A boy named Alex played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in Carax's next two movies) has just been immersed by his girlfriend who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he almost killed his friend on a boardwalk, but stopped short of murder. He walks around and reminds her of the sounds of his neighbors having sex, and daydreams of his girlfriend and best friend become intimate. He steals her records and leaves them at his friend's apartment, but avoids contacting them directly. He wanders around and finds his way to a festival, where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film is shared "Breathless" and shares "Limelight". <br /> <br /> Later, he is advised by an old man with Sign Language to "talk to yourself ... young people today. It's like they've forgotten how to talk." The old man gives an anecdote about work in the days of the silent film, and how an actor trickle into becoming a confident "lion" in front of the camera. Heres where the film shows his hand, but the open reference to the silent film is an important scene, as it overlaps the style of the movie (quiet and expressionistic) with the content (a beloved young man who tries to cheer set up and do the things he really wants). Although Alex is initially thoughtful and a stream of romantic words rolled him out, he is the shy actor who becomes a lion, thanks to the film enlargement of his inner feelings that cannot be easily ignored from moment to moment. , apart from a desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the movie where Alex returns from the party in a room where guests bumped their children and babies, all crying in a chorus filling that room until he a band of a children's show turns to silence them. Unexpectedly due to a glitch, the TV ends with a secret bathroom camera that shows the hostess sneaking in her wig over someone she misses. Even if Carax is self-reflective and self-confident of the many kind of anxiety-ridden centuries he has in the ages, he tries to tell (the room full of madness babies), he's mature to look through the initial irony of the love night. everything that crosses the film. Even the rich old, bell of the ball has a brother she misses. In another scene, an ex-astronaut stared at the moon he once walked in his youth while sitting in a twilight. <br /> <br /> Although Carax is guilty of movies before talk, Carax is a music master who knows when to pipe into the Dead Kennedy's "Cambodian Vacation" or an early David Bowie song, the sounds from a man who plays piano or from a girl who softly humming. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone gets their heart broken, we see blood emanating from their shirt, when a few kisses on the pavement turn 360 degrees as if attached to a carousel, when Alex enters a festival, feels it out of place, because the most interesting people in the world are really in attendance; like the famous writer who can't speak because of a bullet laid in his brain, or the misuniverse of 1950 just about the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and West Anderson, whose style flourishes and strikingly clumsy stories, all with a parallel with different visual, musical and emotional clues in these Carax movies. <br /> Every line of dialogue, every piece of music and every effect and editing in this movie has reacted to me on some emotional level, and I don't have words to articulate. There are numerous stories of a boy who meets a girl, but rather than just exploring the banal details of a particular event, the ecstasy of adolescent passion and disappointment is captured. The other movies you want to watch can wait. See it first. If I were to make movies, I'd like them to be like that. I wish all movies were like that, where the ephemers grow bigger than life, and life itself became a dream.
