WWE has been producing the worst pay-per-view in its history over the past few months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were terrifying to say the least and so it was dependent on his B-brand show Smackdown! trying to end the year on a high note. Armageddon had two major gymnastics games in the Last Ride and Inferno games, three championships were at stake and an interesting main event in the form of a team war with Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of the championship games that not only brought us the game of the night, but also an annual candidate game when Teddy Long gave us an early Christmas fans. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team championship match from Champions, London and Kendrick to Regal and Taylor to a fourth Ladder game, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to think about this. Too much like nothing I can say will do it right. It must be seen as believed. There were very high spots and much more brutal bumps and uncomfortable landings. The one step I had to talk about was the one that Joey Mercury took straight to the emergency room, halfway through the game. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder erected in the see see position with Matt Hardy holding both members of MNM across the opposite side to take full power. Unfortunately for Mercury he did not turn his hands to protect his face and took the leather full force in the nose and left eye. It was fierce. His face was immediately a mess for all to see and not surprising, it ended Mercury's night early. We later found out that he had a broken nose and cuts under his left eye. Be warned. It is not for the dull of the heart. The end to this rollercoaster of a match came after Paul London managed to grab both of the Championships for victory. I have been watching for almost 15 years and do not struggle better than this game. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The night opened with just the 4th Inferno game. Kane accepted MVP in a good game, but it's all about the visual and not really about the action. There were some close calls with the flames for both participants, but eventually it was Kane who forced MVP on the flames after they both ended up outside the ring. MVP ran around the ring while his buttocks were on fire and there was a sick part of me laughing at it. May I suggest to Michael Hayes that MVP come on Smackdown next week! to Johnny Cash's ring of fire. <br /> <br /> The other gymnastics game of the night, and the second match of a triple main event, was an overall war battle between Mr Kennedy and The Undertaker. It was a solid game from start to finish and was the best of the series Undertaker and Kennedy still had. The used poles, chairs and one scene threw The Undertaker 15 feet from the Armageddon that went on the concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear to see that it had nothing but an accident mat and crowd. The end came after the Dead Man fled to Kennedy on top of the bakkie, followed by a match-winning tombstone. <br /> <br /> In other notable events of the map. Chris Benoit defeats Chavo Guerrero by submission in another tight match. It was a very good game with Benoit at one stroke 8 German suplexes on Chavo. Benoit also considered placing Vikki Guerrero in the sharpshooter or not. Luckily he came to his senses and let her go. As a result, Chavo tried to scramble only in the shooter for the submission. <br /> <br /> Another cracking match on the map was the Cruiserweight championship match between the longest-running champion WWE, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. With very high flies and dangerous places, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a lot more deserving of the crowd response than it got. JBL did this best when he robbed the fans in Richmond, Virginia to put their hands on this one and at one point even a sowing began. Helms picked up the duke after a jaw-type maneuver with his knees after Smackdowns! resident redneck. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman tied The Miz into a worthless match. I hate the Boogeyman with a passion. Just worth listening for JBL's ranting on Miz. JBL is comedy gold. <br /> <br /> The last game of the night was event number 3. World Weight Champion, Batista and WWE champion John Cena teamed up for Finlay and the Champion of Champions, King Booker. There was no way to keep the game on the Tag Team Championship game, but it did entertain. The game would have been more memorable if it was given an extra five to ten minutes, but how many times have I already said about WWE matches. It was King Booker who was captured after a big Batista bomb at the end of the game. <br /> <br /> So 2006 is over for the WWE regarding the pay-per-view schedule. It started the year with a terrible note with the New Year's Revolution, but ended at a high level with Armageddon. This Ladder game will be remembered for a long time as one of the greatest learning games of all time. My hat is off for all eight competitors, but their bodies at stake to give fans one hell of a game.
