What happens if the average boy finds out he has supernatural powers? The point of departure may be known. The guards? Unbreakable? However, the Russian sci-fi action movie, The Sword Bearer, is far from the standard stock. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha who has been avoided as a son of society, his peers and family. because of a supernatural power he possesses. When he wants to allow his anger, a sword stretches out of his arm, watching his own skin. Very wolverinish? Maybe ... but that's not the interesting part of this movie. He killed and driven his whole life through anger (and a mind he had). Our "hero" returns to his hometown to turn his life around or find a reason. The only thing he meets here is trouble as meeting an old flame's new boyfriend lets him blood on the ground. This is where the revenge and anger come into play. It's a man you don't want to cross and from this point the mafia and the police are on its tail. He meets a girl and immediately falls in love. Just like her and that is what the movie is about. <br /> <br /> The film is highly impressionistic with bold colors and noir overtones split with short but extreme action ranges. It's an art house at its core, beautifully filmed with so much attention to detail in every scene of gruesome science action. It's this strange joke that interests me so much in this movie. The director's approach to this genre is refreshing and focuses on the emotional journey of Sasha and not a direct action movie. Don't worry, the action is there and a lot of it. However, many of these sequences show only implied violence with photographs of the terrible aftermath. That is not to say that action is not shown. These scenes are here and are fantastic (especially the end where our full powers are lacking in despair). The director chooses to imply the violence of many scenes to keep the focus on the character's emotional struggle at hand. It's a tragic love story and a refreshing entry to the genre.
