OK. I admit. I am one of those nerds who have spent many hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful television set watching the Science Fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first deadline, and since then I've regularly switched partners. I saw it, and it seems to me, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: the latest, latest space operas. But I also have a general beloved on the old-fashioned, the inexpensive, like the beautiful four seasoned BBC show "Blakes7". Here are the budgets smaller than hobbits, the special effects seem to be made on a Commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are sharply and intelligently written with dark humor, the acting dead serious and sometimes even a high class? <Br /> <br /> But why do they always speak English in the space future? Because it's NOT the future, it's fantasy for kids. Yet it can sometimes be annoying. I, who is Norwegian, have often condemned this terrible fact that you never make a genre series, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought about the fact that it might have happened. But it actually did, and even in my own country, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (TV theater division) of our national public service channel Nok made this three episode version of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I first heard it, I was not surprised at the fact that the show has only been selected once in Norway today, and that makes it impossible for me to actually see it . It was also in Swedish, Danish and Finnish television, but it was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release, nor was it a surprise, and it was selected in Bergen, a city far away from Oslo (where I live), on an art house cinema. And then there's another fact about Blind Passenger who didn't surprise me, it was written by the two Norwegian writers Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo introduced the SciFi genre to the Norwegians in the 1970s; they published anthologically and wrote what they called fable prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers and also wrote several great and entertaining novels, masterpieces, some of them hilarious, such as "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dire Lunch". No one other than this man, also a famous playwright, could build the Blind Passenger script. <br /> <br /> When I finally watched it, it was because a foreign swede recorded the three episodes on VCR. the 80s eventually turned it on DVD and gave it to me. He was a nice lightning. So I sat down and watched, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and errors; but the thing came through and I was surprised I finally liked it. <br /> <br /> The exteriors with the spaces and planets are better than those in Blakes7, and the credit goes to Caprino studios (who made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the inside of the Marco Polo (the spaceship) works better than I expected. The acting is typically theater, but it works better than when they play Ibsen, to put it mildly, and Bjørn Floberg carries his role firmly, like Trini Lund. The legendary actress Henny Moan delivers her lines in a serious and listened tone that fits the genre, but it is an ensemble game, and I'm happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen wears his mustache with nobility, and Marit Østbye is a very hot space chic of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really that good? Well, you have to swallow the rather sudden end, the pretentious criticism of modern society, but yes, it's good, not really really great, but charming, cool, nostalgic and enjoyable. One and a half hours of classical Norwegian science.
