Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a fine little thriller that also explores the lives of 'outsiders', people who live in the periphery of our vision who struggle with the need to 'fit in'. Director Jacques Audiard and co-author Tonino Benacquista have created a tense, totally entertaining little thriller that makes meaningful statements about individuals and their bystanders from the norm. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is an ordinary Jane, mostly deaf, thirty something unnoticed secretary for a company whose life is one of social and sexual isolation and whose view of the future is rather pale . Fill Paul (Vincent Cassel) in a recent released ex-con parole that responds to an ad to be Carla's assistant. There is a mutual physical defense at the first meeting: Carla hoped for a well-groomed man who could fulfill her fantasies and Paul was a gross, unsaturated, untidy man who was not impressed to be a clerk. Their concepts change fairly quickly when Paul saves Carla's work by filling out her request to steal a letter that would cost her work, and Paul discovers Carla's lip reading ability that he sees as a way of spreading past criminals what his life threatens money owed. So this strange couple joins forces and enters a dangerous tension filled with Paul's security and freedom. The relationships are full of coils and edges of the quibble with each of these unlikely characters that fill roles in their lives that fill the chicks in their walls of isolation in surprising ways. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel deliver bravura performances and the rest of the cast is uniformly strong. Alexandre Desplat once again created a musical score that increases the tension and cinematographer. Mathieu Vadepied finds all the right lighting and angles to represent the world of character isolation as well as the Hitchcockian sense of tension. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is simultaneously sensitive and transformative to the story. He shows us the difference between the 'hearing' of the world with and without hearing aids, thus making powerful social commentary. It's a fine movie that stays in the best of the French film noir genre. Recommended. Grady Harp
