Everyone who desperately looks at the emptiness and weaknesses of Disney Studios' latest productions comes here to cure anything your wounds. At one time or another, A Bug's life proves that pure synthetic images that provide a good scenario offer more interest than fake "hand-made old Disney-like" drawings (see the Lion King, Pocahontas, and all the latest productions where you are sorry that Bambi's magical background and atmosphere is over forever. <br /> <br /> A Bug's Life (1001 Pattes for my fellow French-cinemaniaks!) Passes on to avoid all the imperfections that make you wake up in the middle of the movie: "Hey, this thing is generated!". No bad parts, a tremendous effort to show its effectiveness in the backgrounds and the overall appearance of the sets, an amazing 3D bird (close to perfection in imitation of reality) ... and it is only the technical aspects mentioned. <Br /> <br /> The scenario, my friends, the real backbone of a movie, has some thickness! Strangely enough, and of course thanks to Lasseter's team, there is virtually no musical sequence in A bug's life. This means that the story is long and rich enough to free itself from these 3 or 4 minutes that some children appreciate, but most others don't like it (the same thing for the parents or the anime fans, like me). This movie reminds me of a very old movie featuring Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: the 3 Amigos; It basically had the same background story (a whole Mexican town that lives in the fear of some bad guys, waited for armed men (who eventually become actors) to protect them, etc.). Simple but effective, and brilliantly adapted to a colony of frightened ants facing the wrath of evil insects. <br /> <br /> Since Mikrokosmos tells many movies stories of insects, their lives, fears and hopes, but I think a bug's life is the funniest and best directed of everyone. The humanization process was perfectly achieved. And the whole audience was captured by Flik's adventure. A big thank you to Lasseter's team, especially for the last 30 seconds. .. it's so strange and wonderful to see a whole theater at the same time, while the bugs / actors forget their lines or hit the camera ... <br /> <br /> And lastly, especially for those of you who French version has seen other congratulations to the double actors who have made a good synchronous work on this movie. A bug's life is a very good entertainment, and I think it will soon become part of my collection of videos (a privilege given to very few movies, and it's not a storage room issue :). Look, it's an order.
