Pixar has over the years achieved great success with the full-fledged CGI animated movies they made. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a whole host of features made so far, preceded by the company's debut feature, the groundbreaking Toy Story, which was the first CGI movie. I remember when this succession was heavily advertised in the late 1990s, but I never saw it until November 2006. I watched it twice and three years later I saw it a third. time. It has never impressed me so much as any other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three views I think it's better than some of the movies I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is home to a colony of ants. These ants are forced to collect food for a gang of grasshoppers who fetch it every year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation for causing problems with his inventions, even if he doesn't. One year, when the colony has just finished preparing the annual supply, Flik accidentally knocks it in a stream just before the locusts come to get it! The locust leader, Hopper, decides to give them another chance to collect food and get ready by the end of the season, but they have to double their offer! Flik suggests the colony's royal council to go and find "fighter bugs" to fight off the locusts when they return. Princess Atta, the future Queen, will leave him on this mission, just as he will not be causing trouble, while the colony is trying to collect food for another offer. The inventor finds a group of mistakes he thinks warriors are, but after taking them back to Ant Island and launching them, he learns that they're not warriors, but circus bugs! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second Pixar feature never amazed me could be the characters. For me, none of them ever stood out as much as they could have, and in general it looks a little nice. Fortunately, it's not like "Shark Tale", a movie with a very idiotic and unlikely main character. A Bug's Life has a nice enough main character, one of which can be rooted in. The story sometimes looks bad, but it is usually good enough to keep the movie at least reasonably entertaining, and sometimes it has some good excitement, especially later, The humor, like some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could have been, but there are certainly funny moments, some of which Francis is involved in, a male ladybug that sometimes makes for a wife is wrong, you can always expect a great animation from Pixar, and the animation in this particular effort of them is no exception.With all this movie, it can be slightly disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but this is reasonable family entertainment.
