If I watched A Bug's Life for a long time, I couldn't help seeing the comparisons with last year's happy feet. As far as the main story is concerned, they are very similar, doing an elaborate thing to fit in, while also trying to be special. It's just about showing you how much better the movie could have been without its liberal diatribe conclusion. Many people do not agree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's so-called effort. Certainly it doesn't succeed in catching the splendor of Toy Story, and the animation is not from this world either. However, the story is, and the characters are great to spend time with. With lots of laughter and a moral center to start, I can watch this one as much as the studio's other classic. <br /> <br /> There is a lot about finding strength from within to win every chance here. Between our heads, Flick must retain his self-image to save his colony, the colony must open their eyes in a new way of life for the future, and the circus errors find that they are more than just undeveloped sideshow freaks, all developed to a better error at the end of the story. Even the villain Hopper is fully fleshed and threatening for the right reasons. He doesn't do it to make sense, but understands that the ants exceed him 100 to 1. He needs them to fear him not to worry about finding the truth. It is quite a circle of life, but not one that cannot develop with the ages. <br /> <br /> Thinking about the animation is pretty good. Compared to Antz, the competitive film of the time, it is much more realistic and less cartoon. The water is nicely rendered, just like the leaves. You don't have to look much further than the ants' eyes to see how much detail went into production. The reflections and humidity, despite the smooth exterior, show realism. All the flaws are also fine. The flies in the city and the crazy mix of creatures used to save the ants are never flared, either for a small role or a more elaborate one. It is also in the city that we see the craftsmanship on the grounds. While Ant Island is nice, it's just outdoors. Bug City has a lot of garbage doubles as buildings and clubs. This is a good show of humor and ingenuity to see what the animators used for everything. Standing from the ice cubes like the circus, the animal scratching box as circus cart? Complete with complete nutrition guide on the side? And crazy compilation of boxes to create a Times Square of billboards and facades, everything is done right. /> <br /> As far as humor is concerned, you need to bring the acting talent for wonderful delivery and inspired role-picks. Nobody can make a male ladybug better than Dennis Leary with his sharp white. I dare to think better about someone. We also lead well with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as the always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the movie, but also takes the middle stage in the bloopers during the credits. Yes, a Bug's Life was the origin of Pixar's animated outings, a tradition that continued. With many tongue-in-cheek bugs cut through the jokes, you should also give props to the great supporting role. Full of "those old actors", it's people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft as Heimlich the worm that brings the biggest laugh. <br /> <br /> Overall, this could be the simplest story. to screen by Pixar, one that has been told in some form over the past few years, but is sufficiently inspired and fresh enough to deliver a pleasurable experience. There are joyous moments, sad times, and even action-packed scenes of tension with birds coming in to join the fun. Complete with a few of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, there's not too much bad I can think of.
