I recently watched many Tom Hanks movies and old Chaplin movies and even watched Rowan Atkinson's early Bean performances, and it seems that everyone has their own unique charm that permeates their entire work, something they can identify with audience members of all ages, in a way that just makes you feel good. A bug's life has the same charm, it has a connection with real life that allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept many talking insects, because even if they speak, they still work like real insects. It's like the team that made the movie, found a way to get us into the minds of a child and enable us to think like them, to imagine mistakes like a young thought. <br /> <br /> Honey, I Shrunk The kids were one of my favorite movies when I was younger and for me A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of that movie just because the animation is so awesome and this storytelling style opens just as much more narrative possibilities. I'm not trying to compare it to something like Toy Story (which I still maintain is the best computer animated movie ever made), because the story of A Bug's Life isn't quite as good as Toy Story, but then there is almost nothing. The most important thing is that it's still great fun. <br /> <br /> The story relates to a colony of hard-working errors that an impressive developed society has, which is mostly aimed at building a crop of food, most of which goes to the tyrannical grasshoppers, much better in strength and general meanness, and hopefully leave enough for the mistakes to make it through the winter. We are treated to a few visits from the locusts, which makes it clear that if the faults give an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be severe. And by the way, the similarities between this paralyzing level of food extraction are strikingly similar to Mao Tse-tung's unholy force of food from his own people during the Great Jump Forward? <br /> <br /> The fun and excitement begins when Flik, ​​the main character, is looking for a gang with appropriate combat bugs to come back and help defend the colony against the locusts. You see, he messed up all the collected food and put everyone in great danger. He feels it's his responsibility, but he accidentally makes a struggling group of insect circus performers. Great for the audience, not so good for clan safety. <br /> <br /> The film was returned in the late 90's when so many films came out in two, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and The Arrival, A Bug's Life and Antz. . Comparisons between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, although it seems to me that A Bug's Life is by far the superior movie, not just because it does not stifle Woody Allen and hit it. It's a great family fun!
