(originally a response to a film reviewer who said A Bug's Life was too much, too fast, he was "bored and exhausted" by the footage, and completely ignored the story). <br /> <br /> Well, first, I'm 26 years old, work, go to school and have a fiancé '. So maybe I'm nut and just really good to hide it ... but not only did I not get out of A Bug's Life exhausted or dazed, it was only when I saw it the second time that I could even start really appreciate the artwork and humor of the spectacular visual arts - because the first time I see this movie, I have so locked up in the story and the characters I forgot to put in there are visually wowed. . How can you empathize with Flik and his road-to-heck-paved-with-good-intentions? "Heck", indeed, I found myself in a lot more way than one with that bit of ant (not of the other flaws) and it in itself says more about what an amazing movie it is than a whole book on his beautiful eye cake. Of course it is beautiful (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is great (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this movie is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a brilliant blast of movement and color. No, a Bug's life would be static if it was all and no story. But I'm glad to say, it's not! A bug's life has real heart. Yes, there is a lot going on, story-wise as well as visually, but that's because the story and characters actually have depth! Just because it is a children's movie doesn't mean you have to turn off your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! In addition, I think the PIXAR crew made it for themselves, even before their children ... and it shows in the amount of heart they have. This movie moves, touches, funny, intriguing, and generally annoying. The character development in such an ensemble cast is amazing, there is a large amount of character growing, not just the main character - so scarce in animation and often in movies in general. It doesn't hit you with its points once it's made - every scene, every frame has a reason in the storyline to be there, and there are no free shots. Not always expressly in words exactly what is going on means subtlety to me, people; it doesn't mean "dumb down" your movie and the assumption of the audience is stupid, which it is mostly not. All I can think of, if you can see a Bug's Life and feel nothing at all, you should never have made a big mistake, hurt your friends, fell in love with a loved one, frustrated that nobody they would not listen you, lied to someone you care about, feel like a social misfit, got excited about a new idea, come up with a good idea, with what you thought was a good idea-fire fire, was uncomfortable and instantaneous and has the following sense of responsibility, standing up for yourself and your loved ones, standing alone against the crowd, feeling like a failure, feeling like a great success, feeling the need to make a difference to do with your life in the lives of others ... well, you get the point. Final words: A + rating from me; Please, if you are going to see it, try to see it in the theater (pan and scan video does NOT work for this movie); If you loved Toy Story, you'll probably love it (PIXAR knows how to make movies with hearts); if you love it, it will look several times or you will still not know what you are missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable); and if you really feel low, pretend to be a seed, okay?
