Although I do not think it was a perfect 10, I agree that it is well above a 6 it is in here. No, Brokedown Palace wasn't perfect and yes, it has been done many times before. This does not mean that it should not be done again if it is well done and I think this movie has some strong moments. The play by Claire Danes, as already mentioned, was flawless, like Kate Beckinsell and I think Bill Pullman was absolutely awesome as the supporting actions (Pullman's wife, the crown, ship or travel or whatever his name is). The cinematography is also nicely filmed, there were many good things about this movie, even though there were negative negatives (three great ones I also found). <br /> <br /> Here's what I didn't like This is the friendship between the girls. In fact, the girls' own individual personalities were not developed well into the middle of the photo. It would not have been unlikely to lose interest before that time, because in spite of the positive, more character development was needed earlier, and some scenes such as when the girls were originally arrested were almost glittering so there was a little too much was. around without the character and scene development I think would have been suitable for this type of movie. However, this is not my big problem. And WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> The end, like already, was dozens of times already HOLIDAYS. It was terrible in two respects. First, though it was predictable and many Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful end but in a movie like this there is a sense that justice is served and I have put it to see it. I was really shocked at the end and it was carried out with all the involvement with excellence, but I feel that both girls had to come out or, in spite of that, at least have to get the police to come to him. I mean nothing happens to the bad guys, everyone gets away with it. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> I also don't understand the ambiguity of the end. I understand end points inspired to make one think, but it was not a mystery or "Clue" type of movie we watched, and I would like to know something about what actually happened, who was guilty, etc. With this end we were left to decide for ourselves, but since I somehow doubted whether there would be a persecution, I didn't want to guess. <br /> <br /> However, there was a lot to keep about this movie, and the play is definitely top of the list, I would calculate a 7.5 and say it's definitely worth a look.
