In the movie "Brokedown Palace", led by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate a high school graduation by going to Hawaii, but hear that Bangkok, Thailand, many are. more fun. They switched plans and decided to go to Thailand without changing their plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a very nice man named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He told them that he would trade for three economy tickets in his first class ticket to Hong Kong so that they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and at the airport the two were arrested for drugs. They were found guilty and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan has tried to show the audience that it is wise to make good decisions, because in one case one bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. Also, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think when we establish the true intentions of that kind face. Those girls decided not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and that changed their lives forever. Things have a funny way to show what we see, what decision we made, the decision we made. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard about the choices we make because we can never go back and change the choices we made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great environment; This is mostly filmed in Bangkok Thailand. This movie also has good music; Some of my favorite songs are 'Silence' by Delerium, 'Damaged' by Plumb, 'Deliver me' by Sarah Bightman and 'Party just started' by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naive and didn't devise their plans properly, a mistake anyone could make. That's why this movie is good for any audience. It makes no difference young or old - we are all human and are subject to errors. Even though I didn't like the way this movie ended, I questioned - who really smuggled the drugs? - I will definitely give this movie two thumbs.
