We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there are actually only one or two people you feel very close to, people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are so. You can see it from the beginning. They went together, they went to parties and they decided to go to Bangkok when they were supposed to go to Hawaii. They also get an attempt to smuggle drugs into a third world country and it seems disaster. The rest of the movie is about survival and doesn't give up hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it means to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it's not great and it's because of a few issues I want to talk about. But first I want to say what is good about the movie. And for starters, the play is, and you can't look beyond the two leads. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is always fiery and looks a little rough around the edges, but she looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes that fun can get her into trouble. Darlene is always a bit on the conservative side and although it can sometimes be annoying, it would have served the two girls better if her way was followed by Alice. Bill Pullman is sufficient as the American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is also very well photographed. The inside of the prison, while not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return to Paradice, but it shows the essential (but subdued) hopelessness of the situation they are in. Johnathin Kaplan's direction is also very good. We see that the two girls struggle to make it every day, but you can see that their minds get a little more every day. Brokedown Palace is great when it comes to friendships and it shows how to rely on each other to survive. The other thing I had to comment on was the soundtrack for the movie. It enhances and complements the sphere of the movie to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie and when it plays, you feel the fate of the women in this prison. You can feel how alone they feel and how desperate they get out and come back to the simple things in life. And that also lets you look at yourself and realize how happy we are to live in society that we do. We have it easily compared to some countries and believe it or not, the music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject. Some of the music is done by a group called Delirium (I think), but it is Sara McLaughlin (wrong spelling, but how do you play it?) This is the lyrics and her voice beautiful and spooky and it adds so much to the movie. <br /> <br /> What I didn't enjoy about the movie was the stupidity that the girls exhibited. I won't say what they are doing, but when you see it yourself, you'll know what I'm talking about. I also didn't really feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It looks more like a minimum security prison and it can be because when there are similar circumstances in other movies that men do in a foreign country, the prison sentence is always brutal and sadistic. But I didn't find it here. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a good movie and it really makes you ask, "How far do you go to a friend?" It's a difficult question and maybe one that neither of us can honestly answer until it's in the same situation. Let's just hope it never comes down.
