I saw this movie for a million years (5 years exactly) for the first time. In view of recent events with the Australian woman, Schapelle Corby, who was imprisoned in Indonesia for the so-called contraband, I decided to see this movie again. I excelled to cry out my heart because I was struggling for hot girls in need (just read my review of the stalking of Laurie Show). Some moist my eyes escaped, but it was almost buckets full of tears. Why? Not because the two heroines were not completely worshiped and helpless, not because the film was not heartbreaking in the eyes of these two children locked in the prospect of their lives in almost inhumane conditions. Why then? Why didn't I cry? I wanted to cry! If I rent a movie like this, I will feel miserable and dislike, as well as being moved too much. This movie was simply too short to do. It was just like the writing to the main board elements was reduced, and while that was done, the psychological aspect was thrown aside. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale had an excellent job portraying the emotions of the two friends, but this movie just shouted for more footage of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) environment. The spiritual journey is lacking for some reason. You only get the most important moments of it (which many, I recognize), possibly due to bad editing. Sometimes I felt that these girls were walking around in a postcard. The relationship with the family members also received more attention. How about the relationship between the girls and the parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You get a glimpse of it, but the movie doesn't really offer the whole picture, unfortunately enough. <br /> <br /> Still, it was a great movie, and then I cut my lip a little. . But I think it has more to do with the acting skills (and the look) of the actresses (and the music) than with the director's merits. To be honest, I barely knew who Kate Beckinsale was before I watched this movie (again). Now, I'm a fan! Great movie, as long as you don't expect it to be classic theater.
