If you are looking for a definite biography of the life of boxer James Corbett, then it's probably not the movie for you. The famous boxer receives a 1940s "Hollywood ization" of his life - which makes the story much more entertaining and engaging than real life. But because the performances were so good (especially by Errol Flynn) and the writer so nice, the beautification of the movie can be forgiven. Errol Flynn plays gay-nineteenth-century boxer James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett - a man who became world champion in 1892. The film starts from its rather humble beginnings and follows its career by winning the title game against John L. Sullivan. Although mostly focussed on the games, most are rather short in the movie (except the final title game) and the emphasis is on Corbett's incredible personality as well as his relationship with the lady Alexis Smith played. In the course of the film, there is excellent supporting work done by a film of wonderful supporting actors (such as the perennial supporting actor in Flynn films, Alan Hale) and the writing really helped bring these people alive. <br /> <br /> What is especially nice about the movie is the athletics of Flynn as a boxer. While some of the shots are doubles, almost all of Flynn's boxes are made and he has made a convincing job as a pugilist. It was a good departure for Flynn, who generally played "nice boy" roles, and it just shows how difficult a character was. To find out more about this, try to read a biography of him. He was quite the rough and rubbish character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now, as for the real James Corbett, read if you're "I'm afraid to find out how the movie isn't accurate. First, Corbett was not a poor guy who came from a poor family, but was university educated and bright. Second, while he got Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later. Thirdly, the most wonderful final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the movie, Sullivan was a while and it could never have happened. In fact, Sullivan was more the egomanian and Corbett was not the fat-headed man they portrayed in the film - although it made for a beautiful movie.
