Flynn, who is mostly known for his swashbuckling roles (and his bedroom antics!) Takes another grip on this movie and works beautifully. Flynn is making brand new ghost champion Jim Corbett with a hampered San Francisco bank office on a celebrated pugilist while losing sight of society, Deb Smith. He and Best Friend Carson attend an illegal bare-knuckle fight and are arrested along with many other men (and a dog), including a prominent judge. The next day he gets the opportunity to access the judge's private club via Smith. He uses this opportunity to saturate his way into the good gifts of his exclusive members and land as the club's resident boxer. His unusually proficient sporting skills soon brought him to the game, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is really magical here. He is the hallmark of charm, charisma and appeal in this role. He looks great (especially in a bakkie scene with his hair with a white union suit) and virtually all his own stunt work (impressive!) His line-up is nice and he is credible and sympathetic and at the same time duplicate and carnal. Smith evokes every class and taste from every pore and is a good game for Flynn. At this stage he needed a female costume that could meet his time and reputation (he had undergone statutory rape at the time) and she did it wonderfully. She is repelled by his freshness and cavalier attitude, but can hardly help but fall under his enchanting game. Bond is incredibly brave, brawny and upbeat, but tender as the script asks. Amusing support is provided by a young and eternal Carson. Frawley is his trusted cantanker self as Flynn's manager. The rest of the cast is also excellent, including Flynn's rambunious family and a variety of splendid Nob Hill types. The whole thing is beautifully appointed and safe. A few of the sets are wonderfully presented. Some of Smith's gowns border on the cliff, but she fits in well with the dressed hairstyles. This is a tremendous look at the earliest days of championship boxing, but it's also so much more. Some of them (like the Flynn features) are enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many are authentic (such as the methods and costumes shown in the battle scenes.) One line is especially memorable: "I believe you love me more than I love you, but it is quite possible that I am more of you than you love me. "This is a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few singers sprinkled throughout the writing as well. )
