James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point of this lively and well-remembered fictionalized biography. The author was heavyweight champion of the world, who succeeded John L. Sullivan before the turn of the century. The story of the story portrays Corbett as an unfortunate but pleasant and intelligent young man whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudice in his time when he was only considered the son of Irish immigrants, a humble banker and nobody is surprised. . It took him a few hours of exciting and often amusing screen time to prove that his companions were wrong. He is a computer when the film opens, but somehow he strangles an invitation to a sports club for the good to do. He falls in love with a beautiful but snake-like girl, with whom he always seems to be, and he lives at home with a number of cruisers who, as usual, fight with each other. When he defeats the club's best and a professional warrior congregation to embarrass him, he eventually decides to become famous. He sits on the road with his friend, who acts as a manager and coach, and despite some close setbacks, he wins all his attacks and draws attention. He comes home to pursue his girlfriend again, and he strives to annoy the Boston Strongboy, the powerful John L. Sullivan. He enters bars and claims he can leak one in the world. Few believe he can win a game against Sullivan, but Corbett, called "Gentleman Jim", for his gracious ways and patriarchal appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of the field and denying the furious Sullivan's power. The movie's best scene may come when a beaten Sullivan Corbett congratulates. The new champion rises up to the moment, says Sullivan a few years before it could be different, and shows him nothing but admiration and respect. He gets his girlfriend because of his two appearances, but by the end of the movie, while visiting his parents, his manager can tell the world, "The Corbetts is back there." The movies are attractive and have a consistent style without being flashy. The script is written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from the Corbett novel. Sidney Hickox did the cinematography, with time-decorated decorations by Clarence Steensen and art by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld did the music and Milo Anderson the gown. The film was hardly directed by action film specialist Raoul Walsh. Flynn also wanted to work with Walsh, but didn't care about the other director he often worked for Michael Curtiz. Under the film was Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances, beautiful Alexis Smith, a bit mocking but intelligent as the girl loves Corbett and a lot of Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man he seemed to be playing- He later said it was his favorite role from the period. Jack Carson was his manager Alan Hale, his charismatic father, John Loder, a rich enemy. With William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki join in for the enjoyable proceedings. It's hard to say enough about the logic and the lighthearted fun generated by this film's creators; This is one of the best of all sports biographies, and according to my standards it is also one of the best.
