After I have erased my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now conquer this review for the complex French drama "Read My Lips". Having written more than five hundred reviews, I have never been able to do so with such a loss of words as I did with the director Jacques Audiard's subtle but inspiring love story. Thoughts were thrown over what was loved and hated about this movie, and while "love" was overwhelmed, it was the elements that were hated that resulted in further debate in my mind. "Reading my lips" is a drama. To be more precise is a character-driven drama that fuses social uncertainty with crime leaders with the doldrums of everyday office work. Here's where this review starts to crumble, is it all these items? but it's more? much, much more. As a viewer, you are immediately drawn by Emmanuelle Devos's depiction of this fragile woman named Carla, whose power is lost to the men in her office as well as her hearing problems. Audiard puts us hard at her world by removing the sound of the screen when she does not carry her help, which immediately causes unrest, not only of the characters in the film, but also of those who watch. Without sound, the world is open to any possibility, and it is frightening. <br /> <br /> As we see this tough and disturbing woman in her life, we are uprooted and given the opportunity to meet Paul (played beautifully by Vincent Cassel), a closed back hair, a muscular man just released from prison, homeless, unemployed and forced by his parole officer to get a job. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is that moment of immediate, disturbing attraction. The one where we think she loves him, but he is dark (and here is where it still gets)? and where we think he loves her, but she is dark. The constant roll reversal creates the tone of the unknown. Who, as viewers, should we feel most sympathetic? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract to a competitor, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips comes in handy for an ideal for Paul. The continuous jumps back and forth keep you on your chair waiting for the possibility of some light shining through this dark cave. It never does. Audiard can't just make this story happen, he constantly introduces us to more characters; one just as seedy as the next. Even our rock, our solid foundation with the parole officer, is in doubt when his wife misses? a subplot for this movie that made me angry, but on further debate was a football for this movie. Yet nothing of this could have happened if it wasn't for our characters. Devos' solemn and homely appearance is breathtaking, as she changes her image for Paul; The truth of her beauty is discovered. Paul, the wildcard in the film, apparently used and abused the friendship for his final play. Then, just as we take one, Carla takes one last form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he has wonderful actors capturing his characters. Cassel and Devos could only play the cards, and I would still sit at the end of my seat. The story, probably the worst part of this movie, is initially random. The intertwined stories initially seem to be continuous, but Audiard lets them connect to each other. Again, the entire parole officer segment was tangent, but the final scene only strengthened the ends to the means. Not trying to sound vague, but this complex (but quite simple) story is hard to explain. There is a lot happening, but it is up to you to connect the pieces. A favorite scene is when Carla tries to discover where money is being held. The use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic and it was like watching a thin it-mystery unfold before your eyes. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was initially a mediocre French movie that I could easily forget when it was over. "Read my lips" open the floor for discussion, not just with the characters, but the situations. One will find himself for Carla in one scene, and Paul in the next. When a discovery in Paul's apartment was made by Carla, I found myself very angry. Audiard brought true emotion on the screen with his characters and development, and what he lacks in plot ?? the actors were able to carry. I can easily imagine this movie to everyone, but be prepared; This is not a once viewing movie. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Degree: **** from *****
