As you may know, the topic here was to ask eleven directors from around the world to make each one a short movie of 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): what Afghan refugee children can understand that the towers collapse? Well, nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): A poor plot with great cinematography. Just think of a deaf woman living by the WTC who sees without understanding that her dog is barking. Well, see it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The biggest Oriental filmmaker has compassion ... For everyone: for a soldier who died 10 years ago, for the people in the WTC, but also for a Palestinian suicide terrorist. Maybe the less soft movie is to us. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia hrzgovia): good images, make us travel, for sure ... Not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): From one of the poorest countries in the world, a soft and funny story about five boys who wants to catch Osama Bin Laden ... And they could have done it, but nobody believes them when they say they don't know where he is. Ken Loach (uk): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a bloody dictatorship in a twenty-year period. Thousands of death, torture: everything presented by Henry Kissinger and the CIA to Chile and knowing it is changing your mindset! I think it's because of that very short that no American film distribution company has accepted the movie in our theaters! Loach forgets to show that 1973 is also the year when the WTC is built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): images that we all know well, and many black screens. I didn't get this one much, it's more an artist video (to show in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): An absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc., around a burning car in Jerusalem. Well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic feeling that followed on September 11th. Very good actualy. - Sean Penn (us): A funny little story reminiscent of a fact that is usually forgotten, the WTC had a great shadow, and some places have a daylight they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): another one. Here is not even one word about the WTC, and the action takes place at the end of World War II. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director would have been better with more than 11 minutes. --- So --- A great movie, a beautiful attempt to take the world's temperature. I love it.
