French production in which leading film directors from 11 countries have been invited to create 11-minute short films to reflect on the events of 11 September. <br /> <br /> The film segments vary widely in content and quality. Two refer to US complicity in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, segmented by British director Ken Loach and in Palestine by US-backed Israelis, who are in the segment of the Egyptian director Youssef Chahine). Two more reminiscent of other devastating acts (a Palestinian suicide bomber in Tel Aviv, shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan, the Japanese "holy war" on the west in WWII, by Shohei Imamura). in various stories. Shadows that obscure the New York City apartment of a sad old man suddenly disappear like the Telescope World Trade towers on the ground in Sean Penn's piece, which brings the man instant joy. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife is really gone. In Mira Nair's film, based on an actual incident, a missing young man, also in New York City, the son of a Pakistani family, is first supposed to be a refugee terrorist. But later he proved a hero who sacrificed himself to try and save others in the towers. <br /> <br /> There are great moments that are dotted throughout. Loach has his chosen Chilean man Quote St. Augustine, with the result that hope is built of anger and courage: anger at the way things are, courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is no such thing as a holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young Afghan schoolchildren, banned in Iran, and tries to tell them about the events that have just appeared in New York. But they are understandably more impressed with a big event in their refugee camp, where two men fell into a deep pit, one killed and the other one broken bone. This is an understandable tragedy on a large scale for the 6 year olds. <br /> <br /> Idrissa Ouedraogo, from Burkina Faso, creates a drama in which the son of a sick woman crosses Osama bin Laden in their village and gathers his friends to help the fleeting terrorist get the $ 25 . million American reward. He tells his friends not to let the adults know what their plans are, because the older people will only waste the money on cars and cigarettes, while planning to help his mother and others ill and needy. <br /> <br /> This is Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (manufacturer of "Amores Perros") who by far the most powerful and cold segment, one that for the most part only has a darkened screen with sound bandages of hymn and voices show and occasional drops of sounds. Short visual flashes let us gradually see that bodies fall from the high floors of the towers, and this shows us that the drops are striking these bodies on the ground. The sequence ends with elegant orchestral music and a silence, with a phrase first translated into Arabic, and then added with a translation: "Does God light us or blind us?" (In different languages ​​with English subtitles) Degree: 8/10 (B +). (See on 10/31/04). If you want to read more of my reviews, send me a message for directions to my sites.
