From the beginning, it was clear that 9/11 would inspire as many films as World War II and Vietnam combined; However, there is a great danger that most of these movies will be as good (or rather bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is a great joy that the first international edition about 9/11 is not a cheese love story that sticks out a lot of pretty faces, but a joint work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to say that all 11 episodes are big (for example, Youssef Chahine's has an unnecessary prologue with too many cuts and Shohei Imamura's has a very bizarre end) or that the segments in the right order is (Imamura's is the only one not directly referring to the Twin Towers, should open the film, not end. Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last one, as it is the most impressive.) But this is a impressive effort and an interesting portrayal of the way other parts of the world respond to the collapse of twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider Samira Makhmalbaf's opening segment, which an Afghan teacher is trying to explain to her students who happened in New York and unsuccessfully set a minute's silence. Or Idrissa Ouedraogo's part (which contains a bin Laden - twice as much as looks like the one you'd be shocked to see if you see him promised), in which 5 boys muzzle good things that can be done with the reward that's eliminated be on Loading. <br /> <br /> There is a surprisingly good (and very angry) segment by Ken Loach about a man from Chile who talks about what he calls "us September 11" - September 11, 1973 when they elected President Allende was killed and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could have been a tremendous effort in Anti-Americanism, but it has become a sad story and shares my recognition for the best segment with Inarritu's (mainly healthy impressions and calls from hijacked aircraft to a black screen, sometimes a few pictures of people falling into the WTC and eventually a collapsing tower, ending with screen brightening and one question appearing) and Amos Gitai is about a hysterical reporter who desperately tries to get on fire after a car bomb Tel Aviv exploded. one is a masterpiece of choreography. <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch's about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic, about a Women of Srebrenica demonstration, Mira Nair's strange, but it does take a Indian director to make the part that is probably the most enjoyable Western taste - about a Muslim family whose son after 9/11 is under terrible suspicion and Sean Penn's with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower who lead the most depressing life you can imagine), add a unique movie that is not easy to watch and difficult to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic known to all thirty years from now. I hope it will be remembered for the start of a long tradition of world cinema films. But unfortunately, this is much more likely, it will be remembered as a one-film-only attempt. And as one of the few 9/11 films made, it does not diminish this horrible event to a happy ending just to please the audience.
