This intense 2007 character-driven suspense drama is like a big, juicy piece of Shakespeare steak from a master movie maker who knows how to unleash unusual, to-the-edge performances by his actors. Consider it for starters - Henry Fonda's lone dissident in Twelve Angry Men, Katharine Hepburn's despair Mary Tyrone in "Long Day's Journey Into Night", Rod Steiger's confronted concentration camp survivor in The Pwn Broker, William Holden's winter lion in the "Network "and Paul Newman's alcoholic lawyer in" The Verdict ". The list includes the best work of the past half century, and you can safely add Philip Seymour Hoffman's desperately controlling Andy Hanson to the ranks. At 83, director Sidney Lumet, shows no signs of octogenic fatigue, and in the melodramatic twists of Kelly Masterson, author of the first, writer. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is deceptively small as it focuses on the moral compromises unraveled in a family where two brothers became desperate for immediate cash. Woody Allen follows a similar fraternal dynamism in his last film, the oddly cut "Cassandra's Dream," but Lumet is not pinched or cautious in his fiery approach to this inescapable story of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime intended to be a victim. Blackout funds from his property company payroll to keep his neglected wife, Gina, and to satisfy a costly drug habit, are well-timed. Andy will soon be exposed to an IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother, Hank, is a mass of post-divorce, coherent uncertainties that are declining in his maintenance and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy claims a so-called foolish plan to rob their parents' suburban jewelery None of them should be there. The aim was for the brothers to collect the haul and the parents to claim the insurance. Murphy's law enters every possible way and starts with Andy Pressuring Hank to do the work himself. After a few fraternal birthday, Hank agreed, but too scared to do it alone, he recruited a reckless, gun-bending bus boy to handle the robbery. Through the lot, the riot happened on one day that Andy and Hank's mother opened the shop and quickly flushed things out. Although the ongoing storytelling technique is not new (for example, Alejandro González Iñárritu's 21 Grams), Masterson's approach effectively defines specific events from various perspectives so that you understand how each character results from the unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> The play is peak-perfect, starting with Hoffman's sounding performance as Andy, a Machiavellian reptile whose cool outside and innate amorality mask layer of resentment toward his family. I thought he was wonderful in Tamara Jenkins' "The Savages", but he's even better here. Lumet even draws a solid performance from the usually insatiable Ethan Hawke as Hank, who informs him of the emasculated weakness, which informs her every badly planned move. Albert Finney works as his old father, with his typical later career, but provides the necessary foundation for the complications of the Oedipal level. Marisa Tomei is a smart choice to play Gina, as the actress plays economically in the responsive, vigilance of a small but central role. The treasured theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the "Spider-Man" trilogy) has little time like the mother, like Amy Ryan as Hank's bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that are excessively limiting, especially as the situation is becoming increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the principals are so energetically joking about them that the bleeding is forgiven. After the disappointment of the cartoony "Find Me Guilty", it is refreshing to see Lumet in peak shape. The 2008 DVD offers wonderfully informative comments from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of whom talk comfortably and with insight throughout. Along with the original theater trailer, there is also a better than average 24-minute featurette, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil was Made", which shows the images of interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and the main actors.
