It's a very deadly story of just how bad things can go wrong. A simple robbery. Make some serious changes. Get our finances together and everything will be young. But mom and pop's jewelry store? No problem. Insurance pays it all. No guns. Nobody is hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Older, more successful (appearing) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor issues. Heroin addiction, cocaine commitment. A woman (Marisa Tomei), what? He can't pretend. She flies away for days. Younger, sweet, slightly dull younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke) with some dinosaur problems of his own. Behind child support payments for his daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, who do not really practice the work. <br /> <br /> In this show at the age of 82 (!), Sydney Lumet leads and gets it 99.99 percent right, which is hard to do in a thriller. I've seen more excitement than I can remember. Most of the time, the director gets the film printed and stays with the plot holes, the insults, the cheesy scenes and the hasty end. Here, Lumet makes an excitement as it is a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The acting is wonderful. The plot has no holes. The story is true and clear and represents a story of human weakness that will honor the greatest filmmakers and even the Bard itself. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hoffman is excellent. If you do not have an exhibition, you must have one's talent, craftsmanship and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not a stranger to the sweet, small-scale role-play, adds a flood of despair and all-too-human incompetence to the part so we don't know if he's ashamed or dirty. Albert Finney is the father of the rebellious boys with a strong intensity that denies his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical features of sex to go with her unique creativity, manages to be both vulnerable and difficult as nails as Andy's two time-fixing wife. (But who can blame her?) It's almost a movie reviewer's sanctity to give five or ten stars a commercial thriller, but if you study this movie, all the options you want to do will be recommended. (according to most Hollywood producers) pay attention to detail that makes for real art - the kind of thing that only good artists can do, and it can't help either. (Incidentally, I think there were twenty producers on this movie. Well, maybe a dozen, look at the credits.) All I can say in summation is the way I am going to author Sydney Lumet, a treasure of excellent movies , and to show such faithfulness to your craft and your art at such an advanced age. May we all do half as well. <br /> <br /> Well, the 00.01 percent. It was unlikely the father (Albert Finney) could follow the taxi that Andy had taken to New York without losing the tail. It's a minor, and I wish all team members could have a small blip. Also, one wonders why Lumet decided not to tell us about the fate of Hank in the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his fate fell on the cutter floor. Maybe Lumet was not happy with what was filmed and the time ran out, and he just said, "Leave it that way. It really doesn't matter." And I don't think so. What happens to Hank is not going to be good. He is not the kind of man who succeeds in running to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He is the kind of guy who gets a "light" sense of 10 to 20 and serves it and comes from a kind of shortened man who knows he wasn't really a man when he would have been. <br /> <br /> See it for Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's best, director of The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) , and many more.
