Tarantino once mentioned a 1930s melodrama Backstreet that is a tragedy like another character in the movie. The same can be said - and not resisting training Tarantino - for Sidney Lumet's best work in years, a melodrama where character is extremely worried, not just because it is at stake with that role. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of a screenplay here (it basically breaks down into a crazy killer in a series of climatic events that only work in the end, and even there the suspension of unbelief is very important), but her writing Bring character to plot, and in a story where the actions surround an elevator, it's important to know who these people are beaten by. It is dark as hell, unforgiving as Satan, but also 90% of the time. Doesn't sound just because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see the day. Day-to-character day-to-day activities, mostly after the 'murder and pop' jewelry shop, but because of the formidable casting I added, is Lumet's specialty. Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their own financial f *** ups, and the former approaches what looks like a foolproof heist: looting their own mother and father's jewelery store in Westchester. Hawke's Hank is another shady character, but murders occur and it is suddenly a tragedy on a Greek scale affecting the brothers and their father, played by a perfect Albert Finney. This is the kind of material that most actors love - characters who, like Dog Day Afternoon, are painfully human, defective, but just putting love and / or things right and having the complete inability to satisfy their needs and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, however, Hoffman and Hawke have been beautifully adapted; Hoffman has until the last ten minutes mentioned above been a super calm and occasional joke that announces him as the brain of the operation, but smaller scenes where he breaks emotionally (ie with Finney or the car scene with Tomei) express its talents to the limit; Meanwhile, Hawke is called a payer by his former wife and daughter, cannot pay any debt at all and is called a baby by his own father and he fills the account of the share in all the ways that matter. He's not quite as wrong as his older brother, but who wants to pick a straw for that title? And Finney, as mentioned above, is completely over, his turn in Big Fish looks like children's games (the final scenes with him are terribly tragic, regaining his face in an abomination that has built up in the second half). <br /> <br /> Also supporting twists and turns of two-timed Marisa Tomei, Bug's Michael Shannon as a bad white white trash, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris Short, precise impressions, this is a movie with a lot of skill and heart - but not a forgiving heart - with a story that doubles in detail not for showy plot devices, but for every step of a make family's eternal downward spiral clear. If it's not as prudent as Serpico or Network or the Pandemic or 12 Angry Men, it comes as close as Lumet has since done.
