In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an addict chief of a real estate agency who has stunned a lot of money for his addiction and expensive way of life with his wife, Gina (Marisa Tomei). When an audit is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His baby brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete loser who owes his daughter three months of child support and has a love affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy picks a witch from the parents' jewelry on a Saturday morning without the use of guns, expecting an old employee to work and be without financial damage to his parents, as the insurance company will compensate the loss. On Monday morning we will collect the necessary money he needs to cover his embezzlement. He invites Hank to participate, as he is well known in the mall where jewelry is located and can be recognized. Hank shouts and invites the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the shop, but things go wrong if their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes as a replacement for the clerk and Bobby brings a hidden gun. Nanette responds and kills Bobby, but she is also shot dead. After Nanette's death, their father, Charles Hanson (Albert Finney), decided to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the devil knows you're dead" is a bug that is a good thing public story. The originality and the difference are in the script, with a non-linear story à la "Pulp Fiction". Eighty-three-year-old Sidney Lumet still has a great job and it is impressive the long life of this director. Philip Seymour Hoffman is wonderful in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father who feels the world is falling apart due to his unsafe and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still impressive and sexy, with a wonderful body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed an evil place. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ("Before the devil you know you are dead")
