The full title of this film is: "May you be half an hour in heaven before the devil knows you're dead?", A reformulation of the old Irish toast. "May you have food and clothes, a soft pillow for your head; May you be 40 years in heaven before the devil knows you're dead." Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet) got the first Once a melodrama is confronted that can become a fragmented family when external forces drive members into unthinkable extremes, in this movie the viewer is allowed to witness the gradual but almost complete implosion of a family through a widely used but very sensible manipulation of the flashback / flash-leading technique of storytelling by giving the different look of each of the characters about the central incidents driving this rather heartbreaking story, we already see the motivation of the players in the case of a robbery that went very wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive family, married to an emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomei), and addicted to an expensivedrug habit. His life began to crumble and he needed money. Andy's No-Well-Younger Brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) is a life in ruins - he is divorced from his keen wife Martha (Amy Ryan), is behind in alimony and child support and has borrowed everything he can from his friends, and he needs money. Andy proposes a low key robbery from a small Mall mom and pop jewelry store that promises safe, fast cash for both. The glitch is that the jewelry story belongs to the men's parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy advances Hank a little cash and wrangles an agreement that Hank will do the real robbery, but Hank agrees with the fail-safe plan and he hires a friend to accept the job while Hank intends to be the driver of the getaway. vehicle. The robbery was terribly burnt when Nanette, filed in the ordinary clerk, shot the robber and shot herself in the mess. The disaster reveals many secrets about the fragile relationships of the family and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are driven to disasters with surprises every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong but emotional horrible movie gives excellent performances, and while we expect it from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, this is the wise hand. towards Sidney Lumet who makes this movie so memorable. It's not an easy movie to watch, but it's a movie that allows some bravura performances that claim our respect, a film reminiscent of how fragile many families can be. Grady Harp
