I have to admit that I had my doubts about this movie before going to see it. The main reason for this is because it is compared to a Hitchcock movie. I saw several movies that were thought to be inspired by Hitchcock or that could be made by the 'Master of Suspense', but so far I haven't seen any of these movies testing the time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name that is too easily used to promote some (cheap) exciters, but on the other hand, I have to admit that I have been affected by it being a European film. Usually it's the big Hollywood studios that want to abuse Hitchcock's name if it can increase their revenue. But this movie has ever been made in one of the most chauvinist European countries and I am sure most French would rather die than admit that their films were inspired by an Englishman. So I decided to try this movie, and I have to say I'm glad I did. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a hardworking and loyal employee, but has never been appreciated by her colleagues. It has a lot to do with the fact that she suffers from a hearing loss, which has denied her the climb to the company's hierarchical teachings. But if she is allowed to hire a student who can work for her, it will change everything. Paul Angeli is a 25-year-old and completely unskilled ex-convict. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers for him when needed. She hopes to teach him what a regular life should look like, but at the same time he is dragging her with him in his old life ... Because I still believe the name Hitchcock is used too often. To describe a very good thriller - which this film definitely is - I will not make any comparisons between Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard's direction. The fact is that the guy did a very good job with this movie. I haven't heard from him yet, but it is true that he knows how to build up tension and how to keep you from the beginning to the end. It also has a lot to do with the very fine and original story of course. I doubt if anyone in Hollywood ever got the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a powerful role, rather than making her the helpless subject of an abusive man (you know the typical TV movie story ). <br /> <br /> Also worth watching is the play in this movie. Vincent Cassel is fairly well known, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete secret to me. There is absolutely nothing glamorous about their roles, but they both did an excellent job with their characters, making them feel very credible and realistic. Paul could be the average tough man out of jail and Carla the typically helpless woman, but thanks to their actions, you really believe it is two strong people who both had bad luck in life but who would make the best of it. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a powerful movie with very good writing and some great acting. Despite the fact that I doubt it, I soon became one of his greatest admirers. I give this movie an 8/10. Don't hesitate to try it.
