I start with a very consistent pattern in the identity of 2007's movies. If 2004 was the year of the biographies and 2005 was the year of political films, 2007 could be identified as a year with a wide variety of morality talks, films depicting, testing, challenging and questioning human morality. to do certain things. Although this identification is fairly broad, I think that a handful of movies will be released this year, such as 3:10 to Yuma, East Promises, American Gangster, No Land for Old Men, and others who specifically ask and study human morality. motives that lead us to acts like violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows you're dead, a deviously stylish morality story is, and quite a dark, dark and depressed one about it. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic government powers of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, who has said many, has succeeded, but with full force traced back to these terribly rich crime thriller. <br /> <br /> It's one of those movies whose plots are so thick, one is very reluctant to go into detail. This is a movie that is best enjoyed if unfolded without any prior knowledge of events, as there are twists and turns. But the thick and rich works are not at all in the middle of this film; The true focus, as I have mentioned, is the morality story; the motives that these two men manage in the actions they do in the film. In a plot structured as a combination of the film cartoons of both The Coen Brothers (Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men driven under different shady conditions to perform a fairly simple crime that is incredibly ridiculous go wrong. return with full force and inevitable tragedy. And to make it more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that each time watches and displays a series of events that follow a different character each time and always end where it left the last time. Kelly Masterson's script is surprisingly attractive and well-rounded, especially because it's a pretty depressing plot. First, the picture looks great and feels good. In his career, Sidney Lumet consistently used an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: naturalistic and yet stylish at the same time. The film carries a distinctive air of style and class, with wonderful natural lighting that just looks great. Editing is top-notch; The combination of the sizzling drama-thriller aspect with a big long take that really takes their time to portray the action accordingly. And vibrant, dynamic camera angles and movements add to the style. The film is also backed by a fantastic juicy musical score by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The screenplay plays its role, and of course, Lumet does its part, but at the dramatic center are three masterful actors who deliver incredible. good performances. First, there are the two clues. The show is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor, but stumbled upon the newly-found leading male status after his unnaturally stunning Oscar-winning performance at Capote. His turn in this movie is fascinating: very flawed, broken, manic. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the film that really allow his full dramatic rage to come out, not just his subtlety and humor. At his side is Ethan Hawke, who is almost overshadowed by bigger and bigger players in many films that have produced fantastic performances. Here he pushes Hoffman away and complements him so incredibly well; Anyway, the dynamic between them is just as fantastic and convincing. The audience quickly loses its character in the characters and forgets that it looks actress. And then there is Albert Finney. Such a supple, cute supportive role as the one he needs to be a veteran professor and here Finney offers his best achievement in many years as the tragically obsessed father to the two brothers caught in the crime. I like how the dynamics between the three of them play. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shamelessly fetching his younger brother, even now that they are middle-aged men. and yet it is clear how Finney's father benefits from Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Also on the subject of the cast, the two supporting female characters ?? wives of the brothers ?? There are also fantastic performances by Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose appearance just gets better and better as the years go by. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These themes and styles have already been explored by people like The Coen Brothers, and it is very easy to imagine them directing this movie. But for a film that enters well-known land, it simply becomes outstanding. Lumet uses his own great directors talent and uses his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style for Masterson's brilliant, vibrant, intense and morbidly depressing first time script. The main shows are incredibly intense and the movie has absolutely fantastic turns from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney. But the real biggest miracle of the film is that Sidney Lumet, three years after winning a Lifetime Achievement Oscar, is very reverent as the ultimate sign of retirement in the film industry, proving he still has the tremendous talent for a wonderful resonant , intense piece of cinema reminiscent of his golden years.
