Sydney Lumet did not hit a box office in 20 years, and yet he struggled in the old stomping wall, New York City, "(How he got insurance, let alone the budget after all the flops, is also a riddle). The story is a bit grim and the characters are not very nice, but it kept me on the edge of my seat up to the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with urgent financial problems conspire to rob a suburban jewelery owned by their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes wrong and two people die. Most of the movie is in the wake. The action is non-linear and seen from the main points of view, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to work out is the back story? how did the brothers come in such a mess? There are clues ?? The younger brother who is the family's baby is the favorite of his fathers, while the older brother carries a lot of luggage about his relationship with his father and vice versa, but that doesn't mean he's becoming a heroin-using murder eclipse. . <br /> <br /> As the old older brother, Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the movie, but he is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his birth, insufficiently younger brother. Albert Finney, like their father, seems to be in constant anger, but then the script asks it. Marisa Tomei as the older brother's fraudster at the age of 42 sits in the most sought after show I've seen in many years. The movie literally starts with a bang, but we're pretty quick from that comfort zone. <br /> <br /> I don't know the origin of this story by first-time writer Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that like Lumet's big 70's movie "Dog Day Afternoon" it's based on the fact ?? it's too stupid to be false. Lumet is just about the last of the incredibly versatile old-fashioned studio studio directors who were able to direct tremendously over everything that was set before them. Some large films have been produced in this way, as well as some classic turkeys. It's not a classic of any kind? It is a well-made piece of down entertainment. It will probably make you feel lucky to be not a family member as dysfunctional as this one, but still wondering how it was. We know that the parents were happy, but we saw so little about the mother and heard so little about her that it was impossible to pick up her relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems superfluous). Well, like Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every unhappy family is dissatisfied in its own way".
