What an extraordinary crime player !! My wife and I saw it last week at the Toronto International Film Festival and it was by far the best movie in an exceptionally strong festival. It's all my second favorite movie from all time to DR. STRICTLY and I was definitely at an emotional height as I walked home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> <br /> I don't want to spoil the plot because gamers of this caliber are best enjoyed without preconditions. A review I would like to share is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, a jewelery store in Westchester, New York, robbed. The movie goes back and forth over a period of two weeks (over, during and after the robbery) and one key scene is repeated at least three times. It can usually disrupt the momentum of a movie, but it never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, the excitement, and even the quality of the acting just seemed like the movie progressed. By the end I was on the edge of my seat, breathtakingly waiting to see how it would all be. I know I used some cliches in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my seat. I have to mention that the non-linear storyline is pretty easy to follow. This is not the kind of movie where you will hear hearers asking their friend to explain the plot during the movie. <br /> <br /> The play is absolutely brilliant, and I doubt I was the same admiration for the film as the foundry. A small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke don't look like brothers, but it's a small problem I can easily think of. Hoffman was at his best and some of his scenes with Hawke were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (like Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as father of Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good in supporting roles. Even some cameo performances were so impressive that I can still remember every comment, gesture and facial expression of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? absolute perfection. The rooftops felt more authentic than any other movie I've ever seen, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. The music helped build the tension through the film, and often the same notes played very effectively. I played the music in my head the next day, even though I was watching other movies. In addition to my small complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one plot switch that felt a bit incredible (big spoiler, so I can't describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty darn near perfect. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great movies at the festival that I would love to watch a second time, but BEFORE THE DEATH KNOWS, YOU ARE DEAD IN A LIGHT OF ITS OWN. Aside, director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and he introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei didn't speak and she got a little shy, so Lumet asked, "Can you believe that someone can be so beautiful in camera?" The comment is pretty ironic in view of the graphic opening scene !!
