Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) are tired of competing for who the bigger f *** up is and who loves Daddy (Albert Finney), so they breed a heartfelt scheme to mum and dad's to rob jewels. to save their debts and start fresh. Sounds like a good plan, except that it's an exciting 1970s-style melodrama about a wrong hoist, and boy, do things really wrong here for our unlucky duo and everyone involved. Lasciviously concocted to screenwriter Kelly Masterson and performed classically by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the devil knows you're dead," use the elevator as she McGuffin dives deep into the family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At age 83, he apparently entered into an agreement with the devil to produce one last good film. Lumet was in the 1970s on his scene with films such as "Dog Day Afternoon," "Serpico," and one of my favorite movies of all time, "Network". He somehow managed to make a film that carries all the features of his classics, while some modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and plays and POVs) intertwine in a creaking, lively, mean and challenging melodrama . One can only hope that some of the modern giants (such as Scorsese or Spielberg) who spent the same run, Lumet was at the top of his game, will have so much chutzpah if they reach that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master to guide people moving through spaces to create tension and develop characters. As it rolls through fine-grained offices and apartments in Manhattan, its slow-moving camera creates a tangible sense of anxiety as we never know who could be the next corner or the person in the next room can do. Also wonderful is how Lumet utilizes the multiple POV and shift of time frame approach. The coherent and classic performance he uses makes the similar structured films of wunderkinds Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu look like amateur hours. Of course, Lumet is best at directing incredible ensemble pieces and deceiving them. acting within an inch of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been and will probably never be better if he is here. Albert Finney's silent portrayal of a betrayed father and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to look forward to. Ethan Hawke, normally an indescribably beautiful boy, is perfect as the emotionally crippled younger brother who has long been creating his charms and looks. The coup, however, is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, honestly to his point as his brief trophy wife. Lumet runs them through the spectrum of emotions that culminate in a scene of its kind, as William Holden played Beatrice Straight in a best supporting actress Oscar in "Network". <br /> <br /> The devil of any good movie is in the details, of Albert Finney's tap from his car's trunk that won't be near a fender bender, after the appearance of Amy Ryan 'Gone Baby Gone' ) gives her ex-husband, Ethan Hawke, on his mawkish promise to his daughter, all three know that he will not hold to the systematic unraveling of a family on the slip, to the dialogue that cults for cults (my favorite line is the hilarious threat. "Do you mind if I call you Chico?") to the excellent Carter Burwell score. "Before the devil you know you are dead" is the film of the year. If something comes up, we know that some other transactions with Old Scratm need to be merged.
