French film directors remain amazed at their extraordinary ability to simulate the images and sounds of ordinary, everyday suburban life. It was clear with the release early in 2002 of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), a brilliant character study of a white collar worker's descent into melancholy after being fired from his work. Just like the French movie capabilities, many scenes have been shot on real streets and in public places, giving a movie story to the story, but L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant look thanks to excellent camera work and some beautiful place movements. (especially a Swiss mountain access). Running on the heels of that masterful film comes another impressive French production, Jacques Audiard's keen crime hijacker, Sur mes livers (Read My Lips). Making this movie a crime-maker makes it an inconvenience because it is so much more than that. As with the earlier French release, it is an intriguing character study of marginal people who use their minds to advance in a society that has turned their backs on them. In a Paris construction firm, Carla, a shy, diminishing young woman is sitting at her desk, sequestrated to an office office that is a major route to the xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> Obnoxious colleagues use the front of Carla's desk to chat and drop their half-finished Styrofoam cups of coffee. Partly deaf, Carla turns her hearing aids on and off at will if noise becomes difficult, be it the drunk of the paper cops or the shrill cry of a friend's baby. When her boss calls her into the office to suggest she's hiring a secretarial assistant to help her with the workload, Carla may fear losing her job. At the service contract, Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably male) as if she were at a staff agency. He has to be 25 years old and clean, with extensive computer and filing skills. When the agency looks at an intact, threatening young man, Carla is both shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch at a local dining room where Carla maintains her prospective assistant. When she finds out he's just gone out of jail, Carla initially wants nothing to do with Paul, but he has a heart failure and hires him. Although basically friendly to her helper, Carla finds herself in a position of authority and possesses a new-found sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a skilled worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place and even covers him when his parole officer appears in the office one day and wonder why Paul missed his appointment. During one of their lunches, Carla Paul breaks her hearing deficiency and reveals her ability to read lips. Later, when a cowardly colleague takes over a project, Carla takes on a project, asking an angry Carla Paul's help to seek revenge on the man. From now on, Sur mes remains an increasingly intense crime drama that has increased in some of the most violent graphic scenes on display in the past year. The script lends elements of Hitchcock, especially REAR WINDOW, where Carla's lip reading talent is used in full play by using a binoculars. There is a teasing, weather-wise, sexual attraction between the two protagonists leading to a strange tribute to NORTH BY NORTH WEST, but it works because of the considerable sexual heat that slowly builds between the two stars. It is said, which removes one of these movies, is not so much the same with classic Hitchcock thrillers, although those elements are definitely there, but the transparent view of a modern city (in this case Paris) where life is the spectacle from everyday working days to a boozy, curly nightlife where sex, drugs and crop money infiltrates the lives of various characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, it is a psychological tension where people look like the everyday man and woman on the street, where a punch in the face or groin shines like a sick dead and where the office is a place to be feared. It's Hitchcock with the gloves off.
