"The Blob" qualifies as a cult sci-fi movie not only because it launched 27-year-old Steve McQueen for superstardom, but also because it exploited the popular themes, alien invasion and teenage criminality inextricably in the 1950s. . Interestingly, no one in the Kay Linaker and Theodore Simonson ever refers to the amorphous, scarlet-red protoplasm that plunged into a meteorite to the Earth and threatened everyone on a Friday night as "The Blob" in the village of Downingtown Pennsylvania . Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old West bounty hunter in Wanted: Dead or Alive, after producer Dick Powell saw this release of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girl, Aneta Corsaut, appeared in the Andy Griffith tournament to stars opposite Andy Griffith as Sheriff Taylor's school teacher friend, Helen Crump. Of course, McQueen and Corsaut were not teens, but then rarely did teens have real teens. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his legal counsel with "The Blob." Linaker & Simonson's script synthesized four genres: the first, the alien invasion; second, teenage crime; third, a murder mystery and fourth; a horror chiller. In addition, the gelatinous substance remains different in shape, but it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the unambiguous Jell-O does not speak and does not communicate through telepathy. Instead, it kills without a pity and discriminates against no one. The scene of "The Blob" is pretty serious despite its somewhat campy nature. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers point to the Criterion DVD edition of "The Blob", the movie is unattractive for a sci-fi horror thriller with our hero and heroine in a remote rural area that make up and kiss. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a huge meteor falling on the ground and driving down to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteorite and produces it with a stick. The meteor cracks open and a slender bunch of goop sticks to the stick. As the old timer (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") approaches, the goop attaches himself to his hand. The old man walks off the crater and Steve almost touches him with his jalousie. Steve and Jane pick up the man and take him around. See halls in the village. <br /> <br /> The halls are ready to leave town for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. The hall calls his nurse to return as he may need an amputation. Of course, the halls never saw anything like the dust on the man's forearm. The hall sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes run into another group of teenagers who plead with Steve's quick management. Steve seduced him in a reverse drive, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) left him off the hook. Steve and the teenagers visit the meteor crater website and find the hot remains of the meteorite. After visiting the old man's house and saving a dog, the teens split for a haunting late-night movie while Steve and Jane returned to the Dr. Halls office. In the meantime, the blob had completely absorbed the old guy, killed Hallen's nurse and attacked the doctor. No acid thrown on the protoplasm or the hail's shotgun has any effect on the blob. Steve gets a glimpse of the blob-absorbing halls. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is frankly incredible, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believes it's a prank. Bert has an ax to grind with teens, because his wife died when one hit her car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to the Hallen office, but they can't hide or get anyone's hair, but Dave admits The office is vandalized. Teen Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave turns the teens over to their respective parents. Not sooner did Steve and Jane deceive them into believing they were asleep in sleep as they woke up again. They drive into town and mock the old man's dog that gets away from them in front of a supermarket. When they go to get the mutt, Steve walks in front of the electric door of the grocery store and it opens. They don't find anyone inside, but they touch the blob. Steve and Jane hide in a freezer and the blob does not attack them. Later, after escaping, Steve convinced the teenagers who challenged him in a street race to warn the authorities because he was supposed to be in the house. Police chief Dave and the fire brigade arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store. By that time, the blob killed the theater projection and dropped the movie. Suddenly a horde of people from the theater and Dave believes Steve. Steve and Jane arrive at a lunch that the blob is attacking. The owner and our heroes were thrown into the basement, and Steve discovered that a fire extinguisher with its freezing contents cracked the blob. <br /> <br /> The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in the village and manage to freeze the blob. The Pentagon sends a team to transport the blob to the North Pole. As the remnants float from the blob to the polar ice pack, the end credit appears with a haunting question mark. Producer James B. Harris acquired military material from a Globe Master military aircraft and deposited the parachute and cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" proved it was a hit and gave Steve McQueen's revival of the observatory. the movie added momentum. Unless you are a youth, this little horror movie is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his scenarios create enough paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the blob that actually assimilates its victims and leave it in your imagination, so "The Blob" is not without subtlety.
