I only watched it a few years ago on a now-swollen Sicilian TV channel; unbelievably the film emerged as a cheap price from Criterion: not sure what I made it initially (despite the fact that cult status has been reached over the years, the performance is clearly seen with modesty, even by genre buffs), did I choose not to make the purchase? as I did with similar and unknown FIEND WITHOUT A FACE (1958). Recently, however, I got the BLOB via a copy of the Spanish DVD that made interesting about the two Audio Commentary songs from the Criterium "Special Edition" ?? but unfortunately I could not disable the Spanish subtitles from playing the main feature! Anyway, watch the movie again, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it (despite a narrative error I will get later)? as a pure example of 'B-movie' schlockiness (atypical shot in pleasant color) and a time capsule illustrating the social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male lead was an early role for Steve McQueen and although the actor looked at it with contempt later, his only contribution to the genre proved to be a rather endearing one: not terrible for young kicks, but still essentially decent (and , more important, altruistic child. The special effects depicting the slimy and growing being are not too bad of its kind and period; the movie itself rises to a good climax? starting with the monster's invasion of a theater (showing DAUGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7], as I recently mentioned in the film's review, but in a strange way sifted, "reversed" and what order The opening of a satirical Italian program actually appears called "Blob"!). Regarding the small noise I have with the movie: the sample is not shown? it only occurs in a variety of places, never seen by anyone; there is a baffling overload (equivalent to the padding) on ​​the children's scratches with the police; It's stupid to shoot the village doctor at The Blob ?? as if fluid, whatever its proportion, can be destroyed by bullets! Equally stupid is that the teenagers warn the townspeople of the danger by making door-to-door visits (especially if considered, only McQueen saw the monster in fact)! An Inferior sequel appeared in 1972, called BEWARE THE BLOB! The original was then made again in 1988? I didn't see it long ago, but I didn't seem to have made a lasting impression on me (though I know Micheal Elliott loves it). For the record, I followed this show with two more collaboration between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
