Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail, and others have named French director Claire Denis the best echelon of the world's most unique and award-winning filmmakers. Her film, The Intruder (L'Intrus), adds to the depth of her portfolio. A film-like poem that gives a sense of lasting loneliness and loss, gives the film a look at the psyche of a man who physically and spiritually worsens and moves to different parts of the world seeking salvation and peace, but finds it hard to come by. Regardless of Jean-Luc Nancy's memo of a heart transplant, the intruder is a film of so unceasing opaqueness that even after two views it is difficult to describe it in other than subjective, impressionistic terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventies who is likely to die of a heart condition and who, like the Ingmar Bergman's Wild Strawberries professor, attempts to dispute the mistakes of his life while he has time. Obviously he is physically robust and very rich, but looks emotionally drained and the appearance of his face is one of the quietest resignations. Although we see only one episode of violence, where he comes to bed midnight to kill an intruder, there is a sinister feeling about him. He may be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent, or a hit. <br /> <br /> Whatever the case, he is apparently under some sort of supervision and acts like a man involved in criminal offenses and can only see the consequences. Healthy close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border and has a estranged son Sidney (Gregoire Collin), whom he has long neglected. Sidney lives in the area with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In one narrative scene, he met his father in the street and called him a madman, but it did not prevent him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who storms a bus with a trained dog to cut out a little smuggling. When she gets home, she is greeted by her husband asking her with a tongue-in-the-cheek if she is "declaring something?" Unlike these three individuals, the people and circumstances we see throughout the rest of the film can only exist in Louis's imagination. Louis has three wives in his life and we all meet them in the first half hour of the film: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares his medication, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses for his dogs to take care when he goes away on a journey telling him that they are as crazy as he is, and a young Russian organ dealer (Katia Golubeva) who he says he wants a "young man's heart". <br /> <br /> She indulges him throughout the film, but apparently it's just in his mind. In the latter part of the film, Louis travels to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and to Tahiti to deliver a gift to another boy, one he hasn't seen for many years or has never seen before no. However, his heart transplant appears to be a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life is fascinating but ultimately pointless and moving into the lives of other people with little real empathy. The Intruder features a ghostly guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples of Tindersticks band, reminiscent of the guitar series in Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man, and stunning cinematography by Denis's regular Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable images that are a grief of grief: a heart beating alone in the snow, a baby in a sling, watching his father two minutes, the baby's expression gradually changed from morose to half smile, colored streams waving from a newly baptized ship, a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse, and the vast ocean seen from a fascinating deck. While the intruder may be frustrating for his elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience, understanding the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is any theme, a tip can be found in the opening that tells us what is being tested in the movie: "Hide your worst enemies in the shadow of your heart."
