It takes me, at our local festival where people see me so often, they regarded me as a better source than I could actually have, starting with a headshot: "Well, I can't sum up the plot, but it is really a wonderful character study of a very scary man. "Then, a little embarrassment, I ran to someone who actually knew what came down, which is Trebor's unconscious mind. It was my last movie in a long, long day halfway through the festival. Maybe I missed. The better a movie is, the more likely it is daydreams that dream me urgently. Do not know. I knew there was an O'Henry turn, just above me, if things had finished. And knew it had to do with the heart, so looking for the quiet, hilarious talent. My plot loss commented more on the intricacies of Trebor's connections in France, his relationship with the dog woman, and so forth, things I was awake for. Denis scarcely looks at details that another director's treatment can anchor. <br /> <br /> But I often write these things out of memory, especially festival movies, movies whose DVD I don't have at hand (Le Lait de la trends humaine is one of many examples.), and plotkinks fade much faster than wider impressions. Still, though, L'Inrus in my memory is a character study of a sort of dark-skinned superman, a super-enemy that is not modeled in genre or historic steps, but active and credible, relatively gentle, driven but patient , right below us. The scar, as soon as he reaches it, makes him, just visually, I mean, in image, a kind of hybrid Frankenstein monster, doctor and creation all in one. The real doctors are his tools. If he does not withdraw and install the heart himself, it is only because it is not possible. He is the power, always, the parasite that touches everyone, and finally himself. What is he still? To suggest that he is us, the First World to the Third, is too simple because he feeds no less on his fellow First Worlders on all of us. <br /> <br /> Denis's camera's eye - when it comes to things I know - usually goes where mine wants, so I tend to trust her when she looks at things I don't know. Snow trekking, cycling too fast and bush darkness I did not know in a small way, but the Southern Sea, so I made better access to L'Intrus, both France and the crystalline islands of its finish than Beau. L'Intrus is a very uncomfortable movie for me. It is a series of places known, with an intimacy that allows us to know whether we have seen reality or not. A single picture, Trebor cycling, its massive weight on the thin window frame, the sounds of written air and screaming tires, the asphalt ribbon, the dark-in-bright sun-evergreens, made me film would be linear, " a road trip, a single will-driven push. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human failure. No matter who he is, he is alone, but apparently he wasn't always. His body breaks out life twice, first to need the new heart, in spite of that. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is hubris. <br /> <br /> I'm driving the thread of what I remember dangerously. Let's allow it.
