Sammo Hung's 1989 film Pedicab Manager is widely regarded as his masterpiece. I have to agree to some extent, as the film in its largest part is truly as incredible and fantastic as any Hong Kong movie ever has. It is a combination of good and well-written drama, interesting and sympathetic (and also non-sympathetic) characters, some really funny humor and really super-top hyper kung fu guaranteed to drop many jaws as someone not known. With the Hong Kong movie, the movie as well as the experienced enthusiasts watch the unique industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers living in Hong Kong in the middle of last century, I think. They drive their taxis and are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in the local bakery Ping (Nina Li Chi) while one day he meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying, whom he fell in love with. Many other characters are also introduced and they always stay clean if the viewer really focuses on the movie and his plot so I can't say the movie is confusing as it can be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! For example, soon we learn that a ruthless gangster family is terrorizing the environment and, of course, their violent acts also affect our protagonists, and so the point of departure for some of the incredibly correlated Kungfu fighting series has been created. As well as a nice drama. <br /> <br /> The movie has a good role. The leaders are all very well and well kept (not so painfully overworking and "humorous" as in Sammo's otherwise cute Oriental Condors (1987), and they are also, thanks to the carefully written script, quite nice and easy to do. The movie includes many well-known HK films and directors in small roles such as Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary action director and director of films such as Savior of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2), the masterful composer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (including John Woo's The Murder and Ringo Lam's School on Fire and Prison on Fire among many others, Pedicab Driver!), Shaw veteran Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo have an angry battle with sticks) Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (director of the dark HK noir classic On the Run of 1988), the late cute Lam Ching Ying (known for his friendly face in several HK vampire horror / kung fu / comedies) just to name a few etc., the Cast in Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other HK production. <br /> <br /> The movie has some interesting peaceful moments, especially about the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and a crisis confronting them thanks to Lowell Lo's character. They could really have done a very serious piece if they wanted the discussions about human values ​​and meaning of love, no matter what your past or what you did for life, so serious and really effective in the middle. Be part of the movie immediately becoming much more significant than our average kung fu spectacle action. Also, the other characters' efforts to heal things are very pleasant and tell a lot of real human relationships and friendship and of course love. Still, I think Fennie tells Max (about the future, "bad cooking") is very unnecessary and shows the potential of the whole segment and the themes slightly effective. <br /> <br /> But then we come to The thing the filmmakers were most interested in. What is the action, the outrageous and overall action. The battle scenes include traditional kung fu, a few sticks, meats and the like, and they are used here hysterically as in the most sensible Kung Fu scene I've ever seen in any movie, Jackie Chan's Drunken Master II (1994 ), they are really so good! There are wires and they are very cleverly used and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when kicked or beaten. Simply wonderful and again something that only Hong Kong theater can deliver. Also, the dangerous stunts let the viewer hold his breath, as the film has one fast car versus pedicab chase sequence and several dangerous jumps and winding bodies flying through the air and forcibly force it to the hard destination. Still, the filmmakers do not seem to accept the violence of the film, as Sammo, like late Bruce Lee, is willing to give up after the final murderous power in the gangster villa, and I think this kind of morale does Doesn't matter how obvious or level it may be is also a good thing, even in a harmless movie like this, as theater is much more than just mindless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The movie also has some very witty pieces of humor that I'm not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand or at all. The hilarious Star Wars gag at the beginning is definitely under this and it literally forced me to laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Also some funny scenes are created from Sammo's passion for Ping. Yet, the biggest surprise filled laughter came during the scenes depicted in the former pharagraph, as the images of big and tall men flying with great force over the screen to the walls or furniture are simply INSANE and so breathtakingly I can feel my feelings just hiding and thinking about these eastern filmmakers when I testify, and this is nothing but positive and appreciative response. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of the most amazing Hong Kong action movies I've ever seen. and easily under Sammo's greatest achievements. If the few minor errors were not there, it could even be brighter and higher. 8/10
