It's a soft, easy 1950s comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a witchcraft in Manhattan. She makes a play on neighbor Jimmy Stewart from boredom, but eventually falls in love with him and loses her powers. Look, witches may have "hot blood," but not love. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother, you. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, a writer specializing in witch writing. <br /> <br /> I described it as a 1950 comedy because it couldn't be wrong for anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the decoration, through wardrobe and plot, to the performances and direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. He is referred to as a drunk and a nut. And here's how the film demonstrates these qualities. He asks for a second drink, and although he always wears a jacket and binds like the other men, his hair is a bit long and confused. It is a strict 1950s version of a drunk and a nut. Nothing is out of place; everything is neat and free of dust. The shoes of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are barely scorched. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club, where the witches hang. It is called a low dive. Yet it is a clean, dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, neatly dressed clients and potted plants against bare brick walls. It's not my idea or yours of a "low dive" - ​​even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​a dive in Greenwich Village is Julius's or The White Horse Tavern or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, lesbian hangout. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to this one. <br /> <br /> Today's booths are muffled by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is strange because she walks around her flat in her bare feet. And she wears a lot of black clothes like the Beatniks of the period. <br /> <br /> But it doesn't matter. It's a pleasant romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who is a primitive art shop for the run-up. She has a strange beauty, bulky and ethereal at the same time. She slides rather than walks, a capricious presence. Her eyebrows are drawn with a set of plastic French curves. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as the indignant and enchanted victim. In the 1930s he usually played in light roles. In the post-war years and for many of the 1950s, he was the tortured protagonist, but here he used his early comedy experience to good use. Who can resist laughing when Hermione Gingold forces him to wear a scarf and drink a boring fusion of bad fluid to heal him from Novak's game? It is good to see him as a sting instead of the angry and indignant man of principle, that he was in danger of becoming. Richard Quine leads the movie quietly, without fireworks or special effects, and does interesting things that the play could not have. Notice the scene in which Novak throws the game about Stewart, when the Siamese cat's face and ears seem to merge with Novak's spectacular eyes. Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks - or after. This brings the word "surrealism" into account. He can study five minutes of wordless and indescribable tricks in an unpopulated room with only Bartok's concert for orchestra as background. And he did an unbeatable sketch using the character of Percy Dovetail, a light poet. The credit credit for the Condoli brothers, but it is quite coincidental because these two guys - Pete and Conte - virtuoso trumpets were with independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte was later a member of Doc Severison's band on Johnny Carson's late show. <br /> <br /> The third action type of moeries becomes a bit and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it's never boring. The whole movie rolls as neatly as Van Druten's play and the children will probably also get a chance.
