I can look at B, B & C and feel all the emotions I felt when I saw it 18 years old. Maybe it's just one. Christmas, Mrs. K.Novak, in almost half a century, did not lose her silly allure. She was a thinking youth's Princess Thirst. All the thoughtful youths who now collect their pensions can briefly regain their heart - claws, collar tension, blood - pulsating fear that they felt when they looked straight into their eyes when they were told they never had that good. Now, in the cold confused and terrified of being swamped by a hoodie, they blow as fast as their arthritic knees can carry them out of the Video Shop, relatively happily knowing that within the threefold comparative safety of their fourth floor tower block flat they can only regain a small fragment of their lost youth and may reflect that love is truly eternal. This movie is Miss Novak's Golden Moment. She zealously grabbed it and combined a show of incredible voluptuousness with a hypnotic awareness of her own sexual appeal. And despite this, we convince her that her character possesses a strange and imparted innocence. She totally dominates the lovely Mr. J.Stewart seems to have resigned to give her the movie. Misses E.Lanchester and H.Gingold offer comic relief with Mr. E. Kovacs whose peculiar talents are strictly prohibited. Mr. J.Lemmon plays Mrs Novak's brother. . He is a Beatnik, a species that disappears as soon as it realizes its existence is recognized by the mainstream. Some of the more hardcore beats have rediscovered themselves as hippies a few years later. Certainly, they became 1958 figures of fun and Mr Lemmon does not seem too concerned about self-control to portray one. But all the rest are just dirty, Miss Novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the only raison d'etre for Bell, Book and Candle. It survives, its reputation has improved as the ultimate appearance for one of Hollywood's most beautiful women. Mrs. Novak, ignored by filmmakers, is ignored by critics. Mrs. Novak will continue to captivate with that enigmatic smile while parents have the power to push the "Play" buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after we're all gone, she will be discovered by a new generation who afterwards realize that it is quite possible that a woman is fully dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
