John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a wonderful and unexpected fantasy about a covenant of contemporary witches living in New York City. It was, of course, an attractive movie property. It played a wonderful role for Gillian Holroyd, for her then book publisher, enforced darling, Shepherd Henderson, and her crazy family and circle, including Shep's betrothed fiance, the hateful Merle Kittredge, against whose chances with Shep Gillian her magical spell check start. It even had Pyewacket, a Siamese cat, known for a good time flower, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witchcraft expert with horrible pretensions and bad manners. In short, it seems that his producer, perhaps, is box-magic. And so it seems to be. There were so many things right about his production, it just didn't have one element perfect; but I found that the rest is amusing, charming and very consistent entertaining. Initially, the play by Daniel Taradash retained the best features of the fine play, but his scene opened to include Greenwich Village and other parts of New York's scene. The technical production was beautiful, with cinematography by legendary James Wong Howe, a good score by George Duning, more than smart sets by Louis Diage and gown by Jean Louis. In the attractive cast were Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillia's naughty brother, wonderful comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as fellow witches and beautiful Kim Novak in one of her most beautiful parts as Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment; He did well with the comic parts of his part, but he was never convinced as a book publisher in New York, and a bit too old for Henderson. But director Richard Quine uses subtle lighting, pass changes and exceptionally compound shots to show the strangeness of the witches of the film, while the other parts remain light but straight in their performance. The plot's biggest crisis in the movie occurs when Gillian actually falls to Henderson, who doesn't believe in witches at all. She just started alienating him from his fiancee, her appointed college rival. Later, when Henderson tried to step out, he came back to her - and realized he was spelling, as she tried to explain him apologetically. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich was announced by way of a witchcraft to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he knows nothing about all kinds of magic, but is very surprised and interested to find out why he came at all; but Gillian's brother relieved him. Everything eventually comes out in this romantic satire, as Gillian shows her love for Henderson by losing her powers - what happens to witches when they really love a mortal. Of course he never wanted to resist him. The film has speedy dialogue, charm and a bit of "magic" of its own in the fiery charm of the witches and the pain that Gillian has to face in her struggle with herself and the man she loves. A beautiful ending to these beautifully-photographed and unusual novels makes his wonderful realism, though a fantasy, almost completely in my view. Memorably delightful.
