The play Bell, Book, and Candle was a favorite of adult actresses to do in the summer supplies and on the go. One famous story, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, Ginger Rogers insisted that her husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, feed on her. Marshall carried a toupee, and as he walked through a doorway, his toupee caught a nail and stayed behind, hanging in the door while walking on the stage. <br /> <br /> The play has been successfully adapted to a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs, and Janice Rule. It is light entertainment, about a normal family of witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most knowledgeable of them is the sultry, gentle Gillian, who wanted to be. One evening, with Stewart in her flat, she put a spell on him with her Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and he fell in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" is filmed on a beautiful set. that replicates New York. The movie is fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as Gillian's brother, a musician in the witch and Warlock-laden Zodiac Club. He uses his powers to turn on and off street lights and turn on the occasional sound. Janice Rule is perfect as Gillian's sophisticated ex-college rival, now dating Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a good turn as an eccentric who writes the definitive book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always wonderful, Lanchester Gillian's aunt and Gingold as a kind of queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a great fit for Gillian, who gives the character a loose wrist that fits a witch, with emotion when it fits, and with that voice, fabulous face, and beautiful wardrobe. she is definitely magic. Stewart, in his last retreat as a romantic lead, coexists with Novak as he did in Vertigo, and they make an effective team. He gives the warmth, she gives the coolness, and somehow, they spark. Of course he is much more elegant than in Vertigo. A lovely movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, good for Christmas (as part of it takes place during Christian time), and great if you like to smile.
