Once you come to a movie that defines your values ​​and shows the true depth of human emotions that drain you. Vivah isn't it? maybe more. Looking at DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought Bollywood had reached its peak and would never come up with such a thing. Boy was I wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to choose this movie with the new "DON" (so can I compare The Great AB with ShahRukh, though the decision has already been made in my mind). After debating whether I had to waste nearly 3 hours on a meaningless movie, I decided to realize that I had nothing else to do. When I saw the rating of You instead of an A, I was glad it was at least something where I shouldn't immediately look at dressed women with poor stage skills, nothing but dancing about every opportunity they got and with each one does not come out to show that they have more skills in bed than a Hollywood B actress. For the first 5 minutes or so I thought I'd be exposed to a meaningless story again with bad acting. After all that Shahid Kapor saw, he knew he had never gained his fame as a perfect actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This movie caught my interest in the first 5 minutes and will never let it go. It was a good movie with a good story about the disappearing traditions of our society. Not only did I think the director was brave enough to make a movie where the younger generation might not be related to the concept (of regular marriage), but also that he did it with a conviction (that is the right thing to do). I have no idea why some people think that the acting was not good. I felt the acting was great and although the music score may not be the best ever, it was still very good. The good thing is that this music will grow on people with the time it did to me after watching the movie a second time. The other good thing is that you are not pushing songs into the script, as we all saw in so many movies. These songs actually tell a great deal of the story and are definitely a welcome addition. Like Ajay Devgan, he became a joke of a big actor (after the company), and Salman found his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun". This movie will help Shahid Kappor be some of the better actors and entertainers in Bollywood. This is the first film of her in which I like him and his role. He acted well and adapted to be the nice young rich child. Yeah, you won't find him playing basketball and making every point of it as you have seen ShahRukh in DDLJ (although shown to be an Indian in England, both countries not big on Basketball not as very credible as a person who is true to his values. Amrita Rao, for the first time came as someone to remember. In all her other movies she competed with big faces that actually prevented her. No one knew how good an actress is before they see this movie. Of the scenes in which she must especially cry at the end, really shows her knowledge and depth of acting. Although she is in another movie, she is most memorable in this one. I think this movie will and must do wonders for her. Move over Rani ?? there's finally another girl who, if you get a decent chance to work with good directors, can grab your torch. She is beautiful with a good voice and has a face that radiates innocently. Oh, with almost 0% body fat, doesn't hurt either (yes people I will challenge, even find 0.1% fat on her and unlike many others like Sonali, she can actually). I thought I'd never be surprised by Madhuri and early Kajol by anyone's beauty, but she had completely changed it. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship fitted their characters and they both did an excellent job (although I wait for Shahid to turn into a girl like Salman every time he pronounces "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun" has). When I finished this movie, it so emotionally drained me that I decided to see this movie again (immediately). Yes right away. I've never done it before. Not even at DDLJ, but this movie just had something to understand over and over again. I will probably watch the movie a third time over the weekend, so I can see and relive the traditions we all grew up with. I miss those times when families sat down and had fun. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed. I know many people think the movie doesn't portray the real life, but deeply, we don't want it to happen. The families, your tradition, love and respect. This is what this movie will remind us all. I can assure you that it is a very well-made movie you will enjoy. I'm sure some youngsters won't like this movie, but if you're older than 28, I doubt you'll be one of them.
