An absolutely brilliant movie! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, confronts totalitarianism in this, his final film. This will be banned by the Communist Czechoslovakian government (then), despite the country's highest animation award. <br /> <br /> In this dark and entertaining short film, an artist tries to create a new pot for his favorite. plant. He happily makes his creations while dreaming that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. Suddenly there is a knock at the door, and in this giant almighty hand it forces the artist to make statues in his parable. The artist resists as well as he can, but he is eventually overwhelmed by the constant efforts to force him to comply. He becomes brainwashed; an intellectual zombie. At this point, the strings are attached to the artist, put in a cage and used to make hand sculptures. The artist's inner desire to express himself freely is to help him rule his indoctrination and enable him to escape his prison, whether literally or in mind, and return to his home where he is now constant fear of the wrath of the almighty hand must live. He closes himself and thinks he is out of reach of the almighty hand, but in the process he puts his plant and pot high, hoping that it is out of reach and eventually falling on his head, killing him . The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear, he had to escape the strings once by hand. Once it's dead, the hand paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately not under the circumstances or for the reasons why the artist wants to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Trnka's condemnation of the Totalitarian community, and their lack of right to free expression, is dark, damning and incredibly animated. No wonder the government banned it, because it is the kind of media that people admire and may even listen to. Of course this was not acceptable. An amazing example of an artist's civil disobedience and the impact it can have. And still very relevant today for many parts of the world, from the US to the Middle East. A must see 10 out of 10 and definitely! Talk about going out with a bang!
