Initially I did not have the movie cause of the Nazi swastika drama. But after I bought it and saw it, it wasn't that bad. I have heard so many complaints that the numbers are short and Ilse Werner does not sing. Now I understand. The radio program was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki and band such as Kurt Widman and his band and Fud Cantics, and so on, never appeared in the radio program, because the singers and the groups were of the pop jazz and swing categories. The Club Foot has regulated that soldiers also sell busy areas for soldiers to short-wave radios for the soldiers and also sell nightclubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg and only sell. That's why Ilse couldn't sing in this photo. It would be made by medium budget musical, was music, in 1942, in which she would show her whistle. But this is an excellent example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the 1936 Olympic Games. The aunt forgets her tickets so that Inge has to wait until her aunt returns with the tickets. She meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with him and it is love at first sight. They plan to marry, but the Spanish war is getting in the way so he has to give up on the right. Carl Raddatz, as so many people complained about him, was really attractive and not clear. When he did upgrading, they put a mustache on him, plus his own sunburn that made him look clear. You see the Nazi soldiers acting normally, such as a scene in which an ex-slaughterer and his troops are in France and stealing them from pigs. and they will make lunch until their leader suggests saving the pigs. It reflects Adolph's animal rights extremism. The character was a butcher who was now a soldier. It was a subtle set against meat eating. In World War II, 11, Herbert flies into a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots so Herbert takes over. We shoot his plane. They crash. Unfortunately, they survive. Otherwise, the Nazi soldiers go to a Catholic church, the Catholics are leaving, and Hubert's best friend helmet, played by Joachim Brennecke, starts playing the organ, Beethtoven. Many bombs come from us. The church is more bomb, the soldier stays and plays the organ he is told to leave. We eventually hurt him. Propaganda message? The Catholic church organ makes him become addicted. It hurt him. See? By this time, Inge was playing with her, mother or grandmother, Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German Grandame actress who played Maria Holst's aunt in Weiner Blut. Well, later it comes to the short view of the radio program. It was not meant to be a musical revue, as was Kora Terry who was released the same year. Like Rosen in Tirol, the music as well as their side of the war were supposed to be just the relapse. It was mainly a war-romantic movie. It is easy to take a pot shot at the soldier in the movie, but in real life many of the soldiers are forced to fight the Nazi cause, the cause of the job and the monthly payment they would receive. After the war, many of those who survive will regret it. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today you have Neo Nazi and Nazi skinheads, who watched the same movies reflecting their Hitler worship and them. They have disturbing websites that use these classics to raise money for their insanity. Be careful most of the time it is the direct hate-just-classic. If their scenario looks like they glorify it, then it's a Nazi website. Skip it. Go to IHF or German war movies dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot not. They are legal. 01/23/10 Mada a mistake It wasn't Herbert's friend who killed the church. It was Malte Yager's character's friend Schartzscop.
