Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, they are both leaders in their own respective bands; Anton with Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are competitors; It is a love hate affair. Sometimes you both hear that they praise each other, but the next second they complain about how stupid and self-absorbed they are. While the Dandy Warhols achieved commercial success, BJM was still in the underground scene. and for good reason why. <br /> <br /> The focus of Dig! is more towards Anton and the BJM, as they have much more content. They are the most dysfunctional band. During performances they will fight and bash each other. Anton will hit other members if he feels they are not performing correctly. With the amount of drugs consuming alcohol, the struggle was always waiting to happen. You know how people are going to motor racing just to see if there is a big car accident. therefore people will go to their performances, for the battles. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always think of himself as a music messiah, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he can never get out of the ground. He is a very talented musician, it is incredible how many instruments he can play and with such skills. But his withdrawal is that he cannot escape the world he created; A productive musician stuck in a black hole drug, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, the Dandy Warhols had their own problems. They didn't get much success with their first album and constantly fought with their record company. But they have found great success in Europe. But Courtney is sucked back into the world of Anton. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney both have what the others need. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented like Anton, although Anton wouldn't say it, he needed the commercial success that Dandy had to make his revolution. <br /> <br /> Over the seven years, the film crew followed these two bands, there are many footage. There is never a dull moment in Dig! It is constantly moving because it doesn't have time to slow down because it has too much to say. Seven years of story telling in the first 45 minutes is a hard work. Ondi Timoner has done a good job of making one of the best music documentaries that you always want. Even if you don't like the bands that still earn it; It surpasses the music to reveal a great story of successful failure. <br /> <br /> You won't be disappointed.
