Excellent documentary, apparently about friendship and subsequent rivalry between two West Coast retro rock bands: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown massacre. What it actually seems to be is a portrait of a border psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a music documentary, there is scarce music. What is there - snatches or songs, more often than not broken down by the artists - is coincidental rather than central. Although the lead actors are musicians, it's not about music, but rather about a particularly American version of a British myth of a cartoon style, that is, one where no one has to take responsibility for acting in a full-time manner as astonished adolescents. to act. Tantrums, drugs, violence, desperate dysfunctional attitudes, egoism on a real epic scale - everything is excused or positively encouraged because it is in line with a common idea of ​​what rock'n'roll is about. As a movie, this is a first-class documentary, but it raises more questions than it answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone who is so wild and outrageous (and he is wild and outrageous), his music never looks beyond the most obvious distractions of his 60-year-old idols (The Stones, Velvets etc.). For someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments, he never bothered to learn to play one of the most rudimentary levels. Similarly, the Dandy Warhols burning ambition is based on a vision of rock'n'roll which was surprisingly steeped in 1969. Nothing wrong with pasties, of course, but there is more to the musical life than constantly drawing up a cartoon of the late 60's. . Why don't they take their risks on the way their role models did? Because it's one of the suspects, it's not about music. Music is just an accessory, a prop or an excuse to lead totally dysfunctional and irresponsible lives. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: making lots of money and being known. Great story. Anton Newcomb's case is more interesting. He is, of course, very talented, but every time he gets the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic way. He is shocked at success, and at the same time indignant someone else who has it - especially his former friends, the Dandy Warhols. Fascinating film. Highly recommended.
