A documentary about two rock bands stretching over a number of years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is examining the complex contrasting personalities and the ironic of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Brian Jonestown Massacre's chief executive, Anton Newcombe, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and competitors, the Dandy Warhols, but also by record producers and most people worked with him. Unfortunately, he and his members are also unable to integrate with the real world. Newcombe fights with band members on stage or with members of the public (to be arrested at one point to literally kick a fan). Newcombe knows no boundaries ?? he plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and manufactures all BJM's music, can produce enough songs to fill an entire album in a single day, has a prophetic obsession with his own musical genius, but is also a Heavy drug user, flying in cruelty with the slightest compromise of his own artistic integrity, recommends his members of the band as if they were lower forms of life, and could trade as fast as he did. BJM goes through a large number of record labels fast? They record them as soon as they realize Newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize he is completely uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> The Warhols admit their guilt to Newcombe's creativity and don't even put themselves in the same lofty sphere of greatness ?? but the Warhols have something BJM doesn't do ?? the ability to integrate their talents with common sense, the real world and their market ?? As a mix pot talent (even if it distills much of Newcombe's guru) and accessibility, it is the definition of 'cool'. Dig! Follow the parallel careers of the two tires with increasing poignancy. At one point, Newcombe draws stunts designed to generate publicity by sending apparent death threats and messages to the Warhols (in a box containing live ammunition and insults such as a soap bar to clean their deed)? only he forgets to tell them it's a stunt and they become so paranoid that they take out an order against Newcombe. By the time the Dandy Warhols in Europe start with hits such as Every Day Should Be Holiday and Bohemian Like You, Newcombe is increasingly isolated. BJM stopped and broke the band when they were arrested for possession of marijuana? The Warhols are smothered simultaneously for drugs, turned off warning, and even allowed to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> The wider profession of DiG! is that the lessons of genius versus accessibility go far beyond two bands or even rock music. The downside is that it is still a documentary, but intimate, and it will mostly appeal to dedicated movie fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the famous bands. Newcombe may be a largely unrecognizable genius, and in the film there are brand new performances in the film, but with the unaffected, there is little more than the claims of the people questioned to testify to this. In the words of one of the band members: "In every spiritual tradition you burn in hell because you pretend you are God and cannot restore." Newcombe doesn't make it ?? but numerically there are still insufficient people to appreciate him in his own lifetime, and DiG! has an uphill battle to rectify the balance in favor of a tortured but largely unknown genius.
