I watched this movie with my entire family of Nege. Since my younger brother recently married, we were able to commit to the action. The movie comes out for the classic touch given to the romance of the fiancee couple. Fortunately, this time all the Indian locals like Ranikhet Almora, etc. Used, which has already been visited by most urban areas, and therefore related to the film. The dialogue is much better than the one in the Umrao Jaan Ada - a film that is thought to be dialogue. The background music increases the "soft focus" of the movie. It reminds me somehow of VV Chopra's "Kareeb", in which Neha and to some extent Bobby justified the character. The same here, because the main couple do not disappoint in any departmental appearance or acting. The support cast is too good. I judge the actress who plays the role of Bhabhi in the leading league. The situations of family interactions depicted are real and you smile when you find yourself in the place of one of the characters. Songs were to fit the screens and went well with the movie. Although I respect Ravindra Jain for his bodywork of movies after Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman badly. <br /> <br /> It had no double entenders, no bikinis, no plot and no nonsense. . You will see the movie with your parents comfortably, unless you are already or soon to become involved. I would like to express this on frank things that although Suraj suggests that marriages between families and not just individuals are, his approach is completely individualistic. The movie is only about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are coincidental. Life-enhancing art? The "peripheral characters" are sent to the background and the only lead players are the main pair. <br /> <br /> Come back, everything was almost big. Except for the drama part. The situation of the tragedy was created artificially. The outcome, the sacrifice and the subsequent heart change are not at all compelling. That's why it doesn't have the emotional punch - the purpose of this event. But a turn in the story was needed to outdo the movie of a beautiful pre-marital video to a 'feature film'. But I was waiting for the punch and it never came. The preaching by Mohnish Bahal and later by Alok Nath on dowry was out of place and it made things abound. Perhaps it will help the movie a tax-free status. But the plot could be made more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> There was a question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 Did the movie really end? 2 Did the movie end?
