<br /> <br /> I'm sure things didn't go exactly the same in the real life of Homer Hickam as they did in the movie adaptation of his book, Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky" (a anagram of the book's title) is good enough to stand alone. I didn't read Hickam's memoirs, but I can still enjoy and understand their movie adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who began in October 1957. It starts with the sound of a radio broadcast, which tracked the news of the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in it. We see a picture of a blue-gray town and its people: mostly miners working for the Olga Coal Company. One of the miners is listening to the news on a hand-held radio as he enters the elevator, but the signal is lost as he vanishes into the darkness and watches the starry sky above him. A Melancholic violin fades with this image. We then get a push from Elvis on a car radio, as words on the screen tell us about the environment: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about soccer trials. Soccer bursaries are the only way out of town and work in the mines for these boys. "Why are the jocks the only ones going to college," Homer asks. Roy Lee replied: "They are the only ones who get the girls." Homer does not make it into his football as his older brother, so he is destined for the mines and follows in his father's footsteps as my foreman. Until he sees the tip of the light stretching over the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," Homer said. After a disastrous attempt to have a primitive rocket and his mother's Natalie Canerday fence, Homer renounced the help of the northern Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer sniffs quickly, "Everything." His science teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss. Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) supports Homer a lot, and the four boys work on setting up rockets in Homer's cellar. His father, however, whose life is the mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) is of the opinion that Homer should not waste his time on the rockets, that the coal mines matter. The coal from the mines is used to make steel, and without steel the land will be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the major relationships I have ever seen in a movie. Miss. Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​entering the local scholarship, with the chance to go to the citizens and win a college scholarship. "You can't just dream your way out of Coalwood," she tells Homer. Homer and his friends act on their dreams by constantly working on the rockets and improving the models with every effort. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances of winning our scholarship," O'Dell Homer asks in one of the more desperate moments. "One million for one," answered Homer. "So good?" O'Dell replied, "Well, why didn't you say that?" The music, compiled by Mark Isham, simultaneously carries sadness and hope, especially sad at a point when Homer descends into the mine disk and comes out of the air and his dreams to get out of Coalwood. Rollicking 1950's rock and roll, including songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, sometimes pushes the instrumental pieces to create a light mood that contrasts teenagers' lives with the lives of miners. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set and symbolize moods. The town of Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blues, gray and brown. It's as if the coal's dirt clings to everything, faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple in a glittering red convertible stops asking the boys for directions, it is clear that they come from the world outside Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. The book on guided missile design given by Miss Riley Homer is red. The red stands out against the blue-gray world of Coalwood to symbolize it coming out, but it's still subtle. The red is fleeting hints of a world of which Homer only dreams. Jake Gyllenhaal speaks so much zeal, hope and perseverance as Homer Hickam says it's hard to believe he's not the real Homer we see at the end of the movie. Chris Cooper is also extremely credible as Homer's stubborn father, who doesn't admit or does not want the mine to produce enough to keep the town alive. Homer, and anyone who encourages him in his rocket, is aware that the town is dying. With the merger of the community, the only way they stay together is for the rocket demonstrations. Again, I'm sure things didn't happen exactly as the movie depicted them, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? "October Sky" just has enough to make it a good movie and enough to keep it real.
