October Sky is a highly-priced movie, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are underway, the actors and actresses do pretty good work, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero eventually gets what he wants, and it's a real story. Frankly, I think the director's performance is not comparable to the sparks and heat that generates the original story. We do not see a special narrative or cinematography; the power of the movie relies on the sounding plot and the difficult situation is trapped by the young hero by which most audiences will identify with the characters. We feel Homer's wish to earn his father's recognition and create his own future, and his resilience is our respect. ¡° October Sky¡¨ reminds me of a later 2001 Japanese production of mini series ¡§Rocket Boy, ¡¨ that might be the inspiration of this movie. In fact, these two works shot from two different cultures offer interesting comparison. When October Sky deploys a story of a young man calling out loud to claim his right to his own destiny, he has a more compromised description that can sometimes be a sharp criticism of modern society. The lead role of outstanding actor Yuji Oda, ¡° Rocket Boy¨, focuses on three men as simple as it can be: a travel agent who has a dream of becoming an astronaut, a thrilling advertising agent on his the turn by his torn inferiority complex is the result of the extremely successful success of his father and older brother (as Homer feels in his family) and a food company about to marry, but afraid of this idea. Collecting social consciousness convinces his definition of success on his ingredients and steps to force them to suffocate their dreams by demanding them. "To compensate for his lost ideals, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in the tour operator because it is called s if his client fails and his girlfriend decides to leave him, eventually he gets power from his father's words, which was determined to" Being a sailor, but later life on the sea less attractive when he suspected. "But I did not regret it," his father told Kobayashi, at least I tried. his father's confession that encourages him to resign his job and apply for space skills despite the fact that he hurts his legs and must move on a wheelchair, and Kobayashi's end ends, and he goes back to the travel agency But his courage inspires his friends, and everyone loves him more, and just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is working as a guide to a space camp designed to make children learn more about astronauts. past, we see him leaning against a tree and deploying a plate of poster ur out of the board saying: ¡§Arrones requested for 2004. "Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, just like a child looking at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi can never get what he wants, but he dares to do so. "This series is so heartbreaking because the hero shows any heroic deeds, but his decency and unstoppable urge to realize his dream that makes us wonder and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show illuminates us and teaches us Something, Homer and Kobayashi both have the dream and they do what they can despite other people's opinions, I recommend other IMDB users to see the Japanese TV series, if you're a nine-to-fiver , you will feel more touched, I feel sorry that IMDB does not have its data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
