Based on the fact, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who grows up in a coal-mining town in West Virginia where a boy's usual destination would "land in the mines." However, Homer had an eye on the air and a love of flying rockets, to the horror of his foreman father and the dismay of the townspeople in general. A crime is that he and three of his equally extinct friends start firing rockets, flying them from a piece of barren land, eight miles from town, to no longer terrorize the community with their often turbulent rockets. Unfortunately, most of the town and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) thinks they're wasting their time. However, the people are intrigued and begin to leave soon to see the 'Rocketboys' sending their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they can compete in the national scholarship with the award of university bursaries. Now the gang needs to learn to fill their vessels and overcome the many problems they face. Director Joe Johnston has always been a renowned name for his films such as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky" is probably above all his other films. Without any doubt, "October Sky" is his best effort and of course his best movie. Not only is it a true story that has been filmed very well, but even as a movie, it has every thing needed for a top-level theater. And with Johnston's extraordinary direction, there are exceptional performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 when this movie was released and he gives a beautiful and natural performance. He's a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father, also gives a very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dern and also looks pretty. Even the rest of the performances are extremely good. The background score was good. Highly inspiring film, which lifts your mind up high. One of those movies that definitely inspires you for your entire life. A wonderful inspirational movie with lots of entertainment. Not to be missed.
