A simple and effective film about what everything is about, responds to challenges. It has become very minor for Homer and his friends to grow in men without falling into the fall of a pre-fabricated future that runs from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and never out of that lot to get it. It also had three different challenges for Homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first man-made artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in human history, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss did not want to miss. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to recalculate and design a rocket, or rather of what they could collect in books and order in their minds. Ultimately, the challenge of a world that resists and refuses and tries to force you back into the pack, even with an unlimited accident that forces you to come back in the pack for a simple survival, and even Homer proved that he had the gaps to accept the challenge that had blocked his own plans and dreams for a while. But there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the carrier of the project, but he is also the carrier of the inspiration he and his friends need. If he is going to get the university scholarship because his friends have given him priority, then his friends will also be able to come on their own paths and tracks and come out of the mine confession, thanks to the energy his inspirational example is. sitting in front of their eyes. It is sometimes difficult not to follow the example of the one that is like a beacon on a difficult road. But the film is also effective in showing how the father resists this dream, because for him science was not the material of a real man like mining or soccer. The working class emergency so present in the 1950s and 1960s and still present in some areas is too often applied by the father's traditional thinking. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I am talking about becomes a tremendous fall. Here too, the film is effective and some parents have to think. This was perhaps the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge to take a road that was not the one projected and programmed by his own father. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
