I lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Chief Prem Ki Deewani was honored when I saw promotions for Vivah that looked good a year ago. But I didn't want to waste my hard earned money and watch it in the theater. Once the movie came out on DVD, I rented it and watched it and I loved the movie and took my words back to Sooraj. I just watched it yesterday and this time I thought I should review this movie. Sooraj R. BarjatyaGet it right this time, okay I wasn't a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I always loved Manie Pyar Kiya, after Manie Pyar Kiya for me, I think Vivah is Barjatyas best job. I almost never cry in a movie, but this movie made me feel like crying. If you have ever been in love, there will be many moments that will touch you in this movie, the movie is just too sweet and will fall in love with you. My view is a very underrated movie. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie you might call one day and many old times, but to me it was modern because the two couples who get a wedding ceremony know it's an old tradition. This is done in the present time, many people do not believe in this marriage, but I do it. The journey between the fiancee and the wedding that will always be special and this movie shows it clearly. When Prem meets at Poonam for the first time, they show it what it is and it's the reality and my parents where it is said how they are married and it has somehow shown what is so real. Yes, people like Prem and Poonam meet in this movie. is how most marriages happen. It was a very sweet, you feel nervously excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows it very well. Back to the story yes this is a trip you will soon be pasting between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and there families. A twist takes place in this movie which is really good. The last 30 minutes will all reach the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so wonderful is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, how they fall apart is too sweet. Simple Boy and Simple Girl, when they meet for the first time during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe." It is very nice to watch. She barely says anything. Prem is already talking to her about her past and the girl he liked about him smoking. Then it leads them all with a family trip and then it is when they really fall apart. It just makes you want to look at the couple and look at all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam chichi really means to her and you feel sorry for Poonam because she has been badly treated and wants you to see her happy and when she finally finds happiness, you also feel happy with her. The movie basically makes you fall in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When she gets lucky through Prem, you want to keep her happy and hope nothing goes wrong, because the character is shown as a lovely simple girl. This brings me to shows and Amrita Roa as Poonam is incredible in the movie. Her best work to date will make you fall in love with this innocent character and her root to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is also wonderful, he is Poonam support in the movie, he is the luck of the movie, together they share a wonderful chemistry and I have never seen a better couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk did not touch you to tell you how cute they are, it certainly will. "Mujhe Haq hai" the song and before that is wonderful chemistry they show. Scenes that touched me were when Prem Poonam went to his room and showed her where it was going to stay, and he opened her and they had a moment between those who were too sweet. Again, if you have ever been in love with someone who has many of these scenes that you can defiantly link to. The movie is just the sweetest thing you'll ever see. <br /> <br /> The direction is up, for me a good movie is basically something that can pull me and stop believing for these hours seen. here is counterfeiting and there is a camera they submit. For me, this movie moved me in and for those three hours I really related to the movie. The songs you just want if you saw the movie, because they are songs that are placed in the situation after I saw the movie where I played the songs! The music is incredible, the story is simple but wonderful, what else can I ask for? <br /> <br /> What I can finally say, rarely does we get a movie that makes us feel this movie after you as it makes you feel really good and you want to be a better person. It's basically the best trip ever, it's basically your show that they travel between engagement and marriage and many people say it's the best part of your life. Well, this movie actually shows you how people actually say it? Why do people actually say the trip is just as wonderful! Watch this movie and you'll find out why the trip is great!
