Watch the ads for this movie, I was pretty convinced I was going to destroy it. For one thing, it was one of those "loosely based on the novel" movies, which usually meant that the book author saw the writing, hated it and refused to be associated with the movie. Worse, the trailer only showed the most common slapstick imaginable (eg: the child is sprayed with a face hose in the face ... and falls over). When my little brother kept this in mind, it was the "must see" movie of the season (of course he thought of "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully", "Monster House, etc.) , I was less than excited. <br /> <br /> But once at the theater the film won me for several reasons, firstly, the authors engage "child dialogue" better than just about any other children's movie I have ever A leading example of this comes directly after the boy's head accidentally eats a worm in an egg shell, the boys do a crippled, over-exaggerated impression of the principal they are learning, making it realistic as all little ones (flawless) think that they are doing great ridiculous expressions of their adult evildoers, then one of the boys asks, "Why did he say, 'rose'?" Another boy responds, "Maybe he is crazy!" and the whole group laughs uneasily Not an exaggerated copy of the picture, but the kind of thing a young child would do and exactly that kind of comment. t other children would find his age hilaries. As if to confirm that, my child's brother was sitting right on the screen; I could almost hear his voice saying that the same precise lines are spraying when placed in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the authors work is that the authors work in issues such as pests, brothers and sisters, the new child in school, and peer pressure / conformity without appearing to any of them they subplots for some after-school specials. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotypical; He is definitely bad, but not pure angry, and just enough of his home life is revealed that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands his bully origin. There is also no "cue the dramatic music" moment where Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes what is a complete instrument for his younger brother Woody, and yet, by the end of the movie, a kind of small transformation has been made . There is some realism here in the way the characters solve situations and in the way they relate to each other, and very few come across as wheat. <br /> <br /> The only downside to the movie is in the form of an absolutely ridiculous dance scene that will even mock the creators of the notorious McDonald's dance party in "Mac and Me". Why, why was it posted in the movie? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) draw a Macaulay Culkin and refuse to take the role unless he gave a vehicle to show his oh so impressive dance skills? The entire series certainly didn't need to be there and has slightly less comic value than any given show on "The History Channel". <br /> <br /> Overall, however, this movie was excellent, and its length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was about perfect. One of the best, most realistic live action children's movies you'll ever see if you're ever around kids or just remembering what a child was, was actually.
