I have never seen such a movie. I was on the edge of my seat and constantly laughed at the whole movie. I never thought such a horrible act had existed, it was just too funny. The story behind the movie is decent, but the movie scenes fail to portray them. I have never seen such a silly movie in my life, so I think it is worth watching. I give this movie 10 out of 10 because it is the most pathetic movie ever created. It just seems to have been created to trash. I mean the screens look so fake and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them". You will get a kick, just watch how lame this movie is, my friend and I can't stop joking during the movie. The darthvader man trying to get the girl did not run twice and the second time he ran it sound like he said sh! # Although he doesn't speak English lol. If you watch this movie, you will think of yourself that all the other movies you didn't like were taken for granted, better than that. This movie should be seen from curiosity as well as what kind of movie DEFINES lame. The evil snake met the girl so many times, it was ridiculous, the evil snake just blew and roared and left her every time. The evil snake had so many chances that it was like God was trying to say, hurry up and eat the girl, how many miracles do you want. The transition between scenes makes you wonder, did I miss something? So many plot holes from scene to scene. I laughed crazy when they decided to escape to Mexico to get away from the snake. Hmmmm hitting the border will save you from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I guess guessing the border, solving all the problems. Another scene that totally amazed me ... They first met and had a romantic scene on the beach they kissed and didn't even know each other. The scene was so clicked and it wasn't at least in other movies. It may seem logical after the time, but I think they just met, although they are reincarnations, there are feelings that they immediately loved each other rather than having rather developed. Anyway, this movie is worth watching for the sake of opening your eyes and light. Bad Hollywood movies will look like heaven when compared. In the end it is worth watching, you will not get bored, you will be criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
