"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many films like Ella Cinders and Merton of the Movies about someone who wins a match, including a contract to make films in Hollywood, just to find the way to the stars, either by valgate or non-existent. In fact, as I watch it tonight on Turner Classic Movies, I considered whether the authors of the later musical classic "Singing In The Rain" had taken their ideas from Hollywood Hotel, especially as a temperamental leading lady star in " a movie studio and a conclusion about one person singing a movie party while another person got the credit on the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of film making in the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, who plays herself (and despite negative comments I have seen, she has a very impressive personality on the screen and a natural command of her lines). She is not the only true person in the writing. Makeup specialist Perc Westmore appears briefly as himself to try to make one look like another. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of young Ronald Reagan, a radio interviewer at a movie premiere. Reagan is actually doing very well in his short scenes - especially when he realizes that no-one Dick Powell is going to take over the microphone when used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract in a game, leaving his job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. The start of this film is, by the way, impressive, as the group drives into a parade truck to say goodbye to Powell. They end up singing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a lyric is deliberately omitted. During the Johnny Mercer lyrics, references to such a Hollywood as Max Factor are the make-up king, Rin tin tin, and even a hint of Tarzan. But the original song lyrics referred to look like Tyrone Power. It is clear that Jack Warner and his brothers will not advertise Fox's premier 20th century man, and the name Donald Duck has been replaced. Anyway, the number showed the singers and instrumentalists of Goodman's orchestra at their best. Powell leaves the band and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, just to find he's a contract player. (probably for musical that entails saxophonists). He is met by Allen Joslyn, the publicity of the studio (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad fellow, but he is busy and he tends to take people out unless it is necessary to talk to them. He parks Powell at a room in the Hollywood hotel, where the studio's temperamental star (Lola Lane) lives with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd), and her sensible as cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell) . Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", except that his talking voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is one "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, a scene that steals several times with ease). The only difference is that Mowbray was not a nice guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when not wrapped in her ego) is quite aware of it. She refused to attend the premiere of her latest film. Joslyn finds herself double for her (Lola's real life sister Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is set up to play the star at the premiere and the sequel. But she goes to Powell (Joslyn wants someone who doesn't know the real Lola). This causes Powell Mowbray to beat when the latter makes a pest of itself. But otherwise the evening is a success, and when the two are together, they find each other attractive. <br /> <br /> The complications deal with Lola coming back and face Powell after Mowbray complains he was attacked by Powell ("and his hoodlums gang"). Powell's contract was bought out. Working with photographer has agent Ted Healey (not really in this movie - he even tries to find a Jolson mimic at one point), the two try to find work, ending up as employees at a hamburger booth running through bad-hardened Edgar Kennedy (The number of broken dishes and singing clients in the restaurant gives Edgar plenty of time to do his slow gusto burns). Eventually Powell gets a "break" by being hired Dupre's singing voice in a rip-off of "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the final part of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help Powell to show his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's quite a cute and attractive movie. The worst aspects are due to time. Several jokes about African Americans are no longer acceptable (while Powell tries to photograph Powell as he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally makes a doorman, calling him Joslyn to look out, Powell's darkness to darken - get the point ?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, which we will say is too ground-based, is not very tolerant either. Herbert's "hoo hoo ing ing is a bit much (too much of the time), but it was really popular in 1937. And an incident where Healey almost came in a noise in the premiere (this was one of his last movies) remind people of the tragic, still mysterious end of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the movie is pretty good and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
