The movie starts with a mentally challenged girl with bright yellow shoes looking skyward on a street street in Madrid and being played by a passing plane. The movie explores the lives of five women? Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita & Isabel ?? who has completely different lives and choices of shoes. Their shoes are the first superficial, but tied with some shining meaning, the idea that we get their fragile identities. In a theater-embroidered and decorated way, a podiatrist tries to reveal esoterically the deepest secrets of a woman's souls through the sole of her feet. The foreground is risky and slightly confronted, but the tone and depth of the movie take a bold dive for the good. <br /> <br /> What may have been light and superficial, quickly change over to the excellent dysfunctional few scene that makes the viewer sound for minutes, as the love or lack thereof, the pain, the confusion, the hope, needs and escape mechanisms are developing different rooms from home and away to the street and eventually under ... Through a scene (!) But others will be so effective at the strong characterization and direction in this Cutting life ratio is displayed, followed and strengthened. <br /> <br /> Moving together, a woman lost the man she loved. and inherited his children and his taxi, while another lost her emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, a pending divorce? reproach, regret and repent. A new love? Can you love a miracle? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can't love? Or do you think you can't love it? Can you love life and live, though it will always be hopeless? Yet it is not exactly these hopes and dreams that we hold here on the ground and in a spectrum of relative happiness? Many deep themes appear and the final act brings people and ideas together to merge into an existential crisis without a clear solution, definite decision or effective cure. Perhaps an elusive thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting appreciation for the movie's life and art and intellect. Live. Live again. Rinse back the bobbin. Discover the real, the important; the great stones (piedras) of life. The rest are just details.
