I recently returned and watched this movie again not to see it in years. When I first saw the movie, I was too young to understand what the movie was about. Now that I've seen it again, I couldn't believe what I had missed over the years. For me to watch movies for what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel the music is the best part, but I don't think that's true. Most people do not realize how good the story is, because it is the judge of the acting. The truth of the matter is that nobody in the movie really tried to act, but they were just themselves. The most important role-player only played for themselves. They didn't try to be someone else but themselves. <br /> <br /> I actually watched and analyzed the work and effort put into the movie. From my perspective, the situations shown in the movie are actually based on what actually happened in Minneapolis in a musical way and that is most of the things that happen, actually true events that happened in Prince's career and who better it can tell if he? The music that came out of the city then began to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential, especially at the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry" where Prins, among others musicians, started their career. It is also a well-known fact that Prince and Morris Day always talked to each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story basically plays out of that competition aspect of their rivalry rather than their friendship which is the real competitive side of what happened at the club "First Avenue" for the time being. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is good is due to the fact that some of the situations in the movie are actually based on events that Prince in his life with the musical aspect and the personal passed through. For me it made the movie more realistic than the emotion because it tells its tasting and tribulation before superstardom. Plus, his dedication to his performances is phenomenal. Prins made sure every moment in the movie was done perfectly. Every time you hear a song in the movie, it is in perfect synchronization with the situation at hand. Prince is in a musical genius and he has proven it on many occasions. This movie is what Prince has officially placed Prince on the map and since then he has not slowed down. Anyone who watched this movie or still (unbelievably) has not watched it yet. If you sit down and watch this movie, look it up with intellect or you'll miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, it's definitely the movie to watch. Above all else someone else says, I think it's a good movie to watch and own.
