It's one of the best movies to come out of Bollywood in years. Definitely the best this year to date. Indian to the core, the panoramic footage, the hearty dialogue and the melodious and soft music make the movie an exceptional one. Appropriate Indian values ​​and culture portray the viewer for his / her roots in them and strengthen the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new lease on life. <br /> <br /> This movie is for viewers who enjoy a call to their imagination and philosophical senses. If you want to watch movies to excite all your nerves through action, sex or terror on the screen, then this movie is not for you because you will find that the movie is not full of 90-degree turns in it. It's so simple a story for a movie it can get. But that's where the art of the movie lies. One gets a real life experience, and the best thing is, this experience is one full of values ​​and hope. It's about the positive side of life, about the sweet things God has been drinking on people, versus the regressive movies that insist they show down, terrorist and underworld. It's not about things and people who went bad. It's about the goodness that still persists, and it keeps the world going. Of course, every genre is a respectable movie, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to try to get a movie swimming against the stream and try to open its eyes to the hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> That said, here is more ... <br /> <br /> The movie is the journey of a couple from their involvement in their regular marriage. Yes, that's right, it's a regular marriage and the couple just know each other through their parents and learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between involvement and marriage is a long time, not full of "seductive" events, but one that promotes the growing love and commitment of the couple to each other. They learn the importance of their relationship and of this invaluable period of their lives, and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But is it enough strengthened? Their relationship will face the test of not only time but also luck. Will they pass this test? That's what "Vivah" is about.
