Playing a character from a literary classics can be a bit poisoned for an actor, who pays for the fun of a greasy character by competing with the fantasies of generations of readers? not to mention the many other actors who had previously besieged the castle. Fortunately for the fantasyists, this version ?? With the nice throw Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton? stand head and shoulders above versions that came next. It's the right time to make the story full, and make great use of Bronte's cracking dialogue; None of the modern devastation, text cutting and new and inferior scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tension created between the central characters and the living conditions for them to lead. Jane ?? "poor, simple and small" ?? Grows on the sheer charity of a cold aunt, her nature and independence formed by a long game in a very hard school. She comes as a governor in the household of Mr Rochester, quite friendly and alone. She usually suppresses herself out of service and hard work, but her passionate nature soon finds its touch in her strict, sharp intelligent, mysterious master, to whom she, as he is her, is drawn by forces beyond their control. Rochester is the chastened tiger, covering hell with energy; potentially dangerous to anyone who comes into contact with him? but "penetrating, by a heel or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes exceptional freedoms with a paid subordinate; But then Jane is not an ordinary employee, as he sees. But a dark secret and heavy trials lie before them both. <br /> <br /> It is a pleasure to hear Bronte's remarkable dialogue spoken by such accomplished actors ?? Dalton in particular looks like passion formed on a Brontean scale. If you ever saw him as a not-so-memorable Bond, you missed the thing he was best at. Those who comment on being Rochester's handsome miss the point of this dramatization: his character has too much screen time for a very ugly man to keep the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is just right, not always or consistently beautiful, but often shining, strikingly as it should be. And Zelah Clarke's Jane is not a flower; She carries the emotions of a woman who has suppressed her sense of humor and her passionate nature so that her rare outbursts can show more dramatic effects. <br /> <br /> Not so long ago, the BBC broadcast an excellent dramatization. from Jean Rhys' enlightened and most disturbing riposts to Bronte, "Wide Sargasso Sea", which suggested the back story of the first Mrs Rochester. Doing this out? You will never see the "hero" of Jane Eyre again.
