Jane Eyre's 1983 production with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. Looking at any other version of Jane Eyre without reading the book would be to watch a regular movie that you will forget the next day. But look at this one almost equal to reading the book. I watched this miniature lot when I was little, and they inspired me to read the book. Then I didn't pay attention to how close this television production was to the book. Recently I watched the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and didn't have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite cigar scene). Then I fell in love with this Jane Eyre because it contains all the important scenes of the book and it just tells the whole story (the other versions don't do if you haven't read the book). <br /> <br /> The cast of 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent. It's true that Timothy Dalton is a very attractive actor (pretty enough to play Butler in Scarlet and Julius Caesar), but he's as good as Rochester that I can't imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clarke is without a doubt the only Jane to follow the book's description. The other thing that makes this movie so good is the clothes and make-up of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naive, just as Bronte describes her (although she doesn't look like 18, but actually gives you attention?)) Some people say that this Jane Eyre "is too long, but I'd rather spend my whole day watch it than watch 2 hours for a different version, some say the movie is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough or because there aren't enough "kissing scenes". A "Hollywood movie" with inappropriate kissing scenes, you don't have to include "crazy love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester, and both Sela and Timothy speak this love so perfectly that there No other scenes are needed !! I am 19 years old and many girls of my age refer to this movie as "boring and old-fashioned." But I can only feel sorry for them because they do not appreciate its purity and beauty. The novel is in the 19th century, and the old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and more like the book. r /> <br /> I don't think there will ever be any other version of Jane Ayre that will have the popularity and love of this one. No matter who Jane and Rochester play in other movies, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
