I recently watched this production on DVD. This is the first time I've seen it since it was originally broadcast in 1983 and it was just as good as I remembered. At first, though, it would look older and I think it's a bit dated and upbeat, as the BBC series were then. (I miss the wonderful costume drama that was always Sunday afternoons on Sunday afternoon). But it's as perfect as it could have been. I am a "Jane Eyre" purist because it is my favorite book and has never seen another production faithful to the book as this one. I recently read the book again and some of the dialogue is only in question. Read the scene near the end where Rochester Jane asked what St John was like I had seen their words, rendered exactly on Dalton and Clarke on the screen and done perfectly. <br /> <br /> All the other productions already done seem to be missing in some way, some even leaving the "Rivers" family and their connection to Jane completely. I also think this is the only production that included the "Gypsy" scene correctly. <br /> <br /> The casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is as Jane is described in the book "Small Level and Dark" and I disagree that she looks too old. Timothy Dalton can be a little too handsome, but he is absolutely perfect like Rochester, who portrays every aspect of his character and finishes off his socks! I agree with other comments that he looks rather frightening, as in the scene as he slowly turns to church when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is terribly frightening. But then in another favorite scene, his joy is wonderful to see when Jane walks in the morning after the stairs and in his arms, declaring their love for one another. A love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally credible. Oh to love by such a man! There were a few scenes that were strangely lacking, such as when Jane got in bed with the dying Helen and also when Rochester Jane took to marry her wedding (I thought the one was in it, but maybe my memory is busy to play tricks). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see another production of Jane Eyre, you see most of the one that's perfect!
