* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss it without revealing specific plot points, but I can't. Sorry. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for an IMDb review of the George C. Scott movie when I stumbled across the summary and reviews for this version. It had so many positive reviews that I decided to order it though: (a) while I was chopping and chasing, I thought George C. Scott was the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of the Rochester book. T embodied it; and (b) while looking at the DVD cover, I thought, "Isn't Timothy Dalton looking too good for the role?" The latter concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to read the book again while the DVD was on the back cover. It said, the moment I started watching it, I was enchanted. Initially, it was disturbing to hear 1840's dialogue as written - with little or no attempt to modernize - but Dalton and Clarke have so thoroughly thrown in that I really enjoyed the adapters trusting the audience to follow archaic speech. Having so much of the book on the screen was an added bonus. I know someone who won't see any versions of Jane Eyre, because "who wants to see a movie about a man holding a poor crazy woman on the attic?" Honestly, if someone who didn't read the book over the hour and a half or two hour versions stumbled, they'd think it's pretty much all the story entails - Rochester's secret and his influence on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is actually about Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the critical criticism. Dalton is too bumpy; Clarke is too reserved. I can't argue against the first point, but he's so "in the moment" I believe he's IS Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is on the point. Jane Eyre is quiet, guarded. Remembering the book brings so much of Jane's adult passion and passion into her private struggle. Some of the criticisms disregard me. Reviewers say Clarke is too short or not pretty enough. The book goes on to explain how small and clear Jane is. Mrs. Clarke should not be long and the filmmakers voiced her body to make Jane's statements of her lack of beauty credible. She can hardly help it if Dalton is long. Some say there is no chemistry between the leads. What? !! The scene when Jane finally comes out of her room is, after the fidelity fiasco, vibrates with passion and longing and sadness and regret - and that's just the first example to think about. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other criticisms. I also missed more scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers brothers and sisters. Some of that dialogue is strangely cut off. When Rochester declared, "Jane, you miss me. I don't hate her because she's crazy." I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explained how Jane would be, he would still love and care for her. This is a powerful moment in the book, and I wish it was included. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester in that part of the story that Jane is on her own. It can be done for the brightness, but I found it. I wanted the clever humor of the scene where Jane discovers that Rochester's zeal will cool down and he'll be abominable again, but he can "love" again. Dalton's performance is so good that the scarce slip is sharp. When Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor doing a crying scene, not like Rochester. Regarding the sets, if somebody ever caught an episode of the 1960s, "Dark Shadows" shows you know what to expect - very sharp and sometimes funny looking interiors. Others commented thoroughly and concisely on the make-up work that Rochester Sport did at the end. Yikes! It's bad. The conclusion is too sudden. After all that fear and tension I wanted a more rounded end. And on my copy of the DVD, with credits at the beginning and end of all eleven 25-30 minutes, episodes become a bit much. That said, I'm so glad I have this movie and will watch it again and again.
