There are many adjustments to Charlotte Brontë's classic novel Jane Eyre, and taking into account the many reviews written about them, there is also a lively conversation about which of them is best. The short film adaptations all suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to scratch the whole story of the novel in a film of about 100 minutes. length, therefore, these movies only show some parts of the novel. The TV series has proven to be a more appropriate format to deliver all the different episodes of the heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three TV mini-series released in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre adaptations and a striking example of a completely overstated movie. The novel's beautiful lines are replaced by careless and trivial people, and important scenes are either removed or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. What all this does is that the characters depicted are not only in common with the novel's Rochester and Jane and act in the opposite way as described in the book, but their behavior and language are absolutely not in accordance with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set. It's a stupid soap opera, in which the actors look and act as if they were accidentally placed in the 1850's costumes. This Jane Eyre (as it dares to name him) is indeed a slap in the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very true to the novel in that the long dialogue between Mr. Rochester and Jane are delivered in almost their full length. But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work well on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and complex to appear naturally when spoken on the screen, and the constant interruptions of the dialogues by Jane's voice recording add to the impression of artificiality and stiffness. And despite the fidelity of the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the decisive main characters. Sorcha Cusack's portrayal of Jane as a daring, confident, worldly wise young woman is completely at odds with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although a good actor, simply does not possess the convincing physical presence or the charisma needed is to play Rochester. Although a decent adaptation simply did not convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captivated the audience. <br /> <br /> All the flaws of the '73 version are fixed in the TV mini series '83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although Timothy Dalton, from a purity point of view, is too clever, long and lean to be Rochester, he has the essential features of the role: He has an impressive physical presence, great magnetism, and an air of self-assurance. and authority. And in spite of his unmistakable beauty, he seems slim and strict enough to convincingly play the overwhelming master of Thornfield. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he makes all the facets of Rochester's character. Of all the actors that played Rochester, he is the only one who catches everybody: Rochester's hardness, almost incompetence, his mood and abruptness, as well as his humorous side, his gentleness, his excitement and deep, loving love. Dalton's handling of Charlotte Brontë's language is just as wonderful. Even Rochester's most far-fetched and intricate thoughts are absolutely true and natural when Dalton delivers them. He is the definitive Rochester, unmatched and unbeaten, and after seeing him in this role, it is impossible to think that Rochester is played in any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke performs equally well in a role that may be even more difficult to play than one in Rochester. She portrays exactly the Jane of the novel, a very devoted, reserved and guarded young woman, but who has a great depth of feeling and an equally great strength of will. She beautifully captured the duality in Jane's character: her modesty and respect on the one hand and her passion and passion on the other, her apparent weakness and her tireless sense of right and wrong. She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes are pure pleasure. <br /> <br /> Regarding faithfulness to the literary model, this version also mentions in the novel, just like the '73 version, but with one important difference: The dialogues are shortened in this version, but the core lines essential for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot is unchanged. Thus, the screenwriter avoids any artificiality of speech while still retaining the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë's language. And unlike the previous BBC version, the essence of each scene is fully captured. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is followed with even greater accuracy than in the '73 series. It's almost a scene for the novel's novel, where equal time and emphasis is given to every episode of Jane's life. This is the only Jane Eyre adaptation worthy of the novel's gypsy scene, and the only one to complete the novel's spinning and heartbreaking play when Jane and Rochester meet after the retired wedding. Specially Timothy Dalton plays the scene with excellent skill. He makes almost painful intensity with Rochester's anxiety, as he realizes Jane's decision to leave him, his vigorous efforts to keep her and his last despair, as she really leaves him. It is a heartbreaking, almost devastating scene that will stay with the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> With even the smaller rolls perfectly thrown, an excellent script and two ideal lead players, this is the definite and just "Jane Eyre".
