To mention this episode, feels brilliant as too little. To say it goes on, the excellent work of the season premiere is also reductive, as there has never been a far from Sopranos episode so far. In fact, the title can be an invitation for those who are not yet real fans. Join the club ... <br /> <br /> Pick up where Junior left off (a bullet in his cousin's stomach after he made a mistake for a rogue he killed in the first season), start the story with Tony quite well. With no memory of what happened to him, he is attending a kind of convention. Only he does not speak with his usual accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his papers: apparently he is not Tony Sopran, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least, that is what a group of people think and until the rubble chooses is unable to leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> Of course, in pure Sopranos tradition, it seems nothing more than a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, with the doctors uncertain about his fate, his family and friends worryingly and Junior refuses to believe the whole thing actually happened. Unfortunately, it did, and Anthony Jr. seems willing to avenge the attempt on his father's life. <br /> <br /> Dreams have risen quite frequently in the series, often as a kind of spiritual trial for the lead actors (especially in the five-season showdown). Join the club, but take the metaphysical features of the program, which have already been printed by the previous episode of a William S. Burroughs poem. The envelope is printed in the most hectic way: Tony hallucines his dead friends (the first appearance of the species is caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing, he is actually in what seems to be purgatory, radically different. The "heavenly" part of the story is full of allegorical meaning, not least, the name Tony is given (as one character indicates, it will in some way give the word "infinity"), and nothing comes of it off not over blown or far-fetched: David Chase has created a piece of work that is too wise to use only for their own bad set-up; it all helps the narrative. Speaking of "top aid" in the case of Tony Soprano, it can be a bit stretching.
