In what appears to be an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film, "Things that make life worthwhile. "It's not an original discovery, with lots of voice off the scene, but it is a bit off the norm in Spanish theater. The downside is that the elements that form the movie are badly combined, and while some points are not well developed, others are out of the way, a day in the lives of two people near the median, which is basically the film Gómez Pereira Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary (parado) Despite the burden on your back with a drama head, it seems willing to change things, just stating that his commitment to a minor can mean a turning point in his life, in line with Audrey Tautou of Long dating '(Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says things like that to herself: "If I get a coin in front of the corner now that will change my luck. "Of course it does, start playing 'Today could be a great day' by Joan Manuel Serrat and in a few crosses along the way Hortensia (Ana Belen). She is still a woman's age, divorced and a little lonely. valeriana to sleep, organize birthday parties as an exemplary mother, say her faith in God and lead to a speed of murderous mother.Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in his behavior. only once in love "and said although it was short of Jorge and unemployed and not the possibility that it was a" sadistic "sleep in his shoulder in the theater at the earliest opportunity, later a communion, a dance in the luxury wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things that players seem to experience such unique experiences, but ultimately do hard for the viewer. "Things that make life worthwhile" debate between us is the drama of two adult persons who have no other who lead them to t e see where their strange relationship is, and vice versa, we make the case as a comedy, focusing on things like a Chinese song at a wedding (which in itself looks amusing) or the passage of a drunk person. The problem is that it doesn't leave us time to connect with the players, so we can't identify with the dramatic identification, and don't give us a solid basic comic, and leave everything but pure joke. In the end, everyone mixed in a way that the viewer no longer knows well or to laugh or mourn, nor does it end. And it is true that something a thousand times is not seen, is not the kind of movie we find to bend every corner, but it is not enough different or special as we want to do. Ana Belén (who believes less than the 53 years in this movie) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very pleasant to see work, but this time it seems right or comfortable in scenes that require him to calm down should break in the movie, so in moments like the "accident" with the children of the bar it looks like they are slipping out of their hands. Maybe a very dramatic change that needs to be done, but it's no excuse to lower our guard. In any case, both interpreters are easily created the highlight of the feature. "Things that make life worthwhile" only work to the modest level of entertainment. Any claim that is out of the question has not been fulfilled, if a romantic comedy or dramatic as we assume they wanted to do, cannot afford to complete small moments successfully (except bad ones) than in one of the characters talking and laughing, losing drunk, compared to a boy who partially lives in a coma because of him. Not much for people like Rosario Pardo, and familiar with the typical friend, whose biggest contribution to the movie is to be "screwed over," and songs of the soundtrack, though meaningful, not just fit. It is true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira has his hits (some of the moments with Jose Sacristan), but the whole is an anodyne story, a movie with good intentions and a good result than the better.
