"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia the Heretic" of 1974 is a truly disturbing and uncompromising part of the Italian Exploitation Theater, which to some extent follows a somewhat feminist point of view (although the level of sleaze and brutality is likely to discourage the majority of feminists). Usually in a monastery, and with a nun as the eponymous central protagonist (great performance by the wonderful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the Heretic" can be referred to as a "Nunsploitation" film. However, this film differs from the typical Nunsploitation flicks from time to time, as it does not focus so much on the nunsploit elements such as lesbian, sadistic lesbian punishment. Personally, I saw more similarities with the Hexploitation flicks of the time, such as "Mark of the Devil" (although this one does not deal with witch hunting), focusing on the cruel execution of Christian fundamentalism in medieval and early modern times. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: After witnessing her despotic father is a wounded Muslim soldier, young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a monastery. When her father years later convicted a co-couple for a bad death for small crimes, Falvia's aversion to male violence against women falls into hatred of the despotic church, joining a group of Arab scavengers. .. <br /> <br /> One thing is certain, "Flavia the Heretic" is not for the despondent, nor is it for those who want happy ends. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi, of course, tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his nasty scenes. The many torture and execution screens are extremely disturbing, with skins, nails and other horrific scenes, in explicit detail, the most shocking scene probably the torture of the young nun, really in the beginning of the film. However, the violence here is never superfluous. After all, these horrific methods were real in the time when the film was introduced. The film is very well made, with realistic costumes, great settings, elegant cinematography and a good score by Nicola Piovani. The beautifully beautiful and wonderful Florinda Bolkan has proven her talent in very large Italian cult production (including Lucio Fulci's 1972 Giallo masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino"). She is doing another great charismatic action here, and I can't believe another actress also fits in the role she does. The film has a few minor inconsistencies (eg why do the sturdy church in the first place be bizarre cult followers in lumps). However, it is generally wonderful how realistic this film is. "Flavia the Heretic" should definitely not be missed by my fellow fans of Italian Exploitation Cinema. It's a big exploitation flick overall, though it is definitely a deeply depressing one and therefore needs to be watched in the right mood. Highly recommended to fans of disturbing exploitation theater. 7.5 / 10
