Flavia the Heretic is an unmistakable artwork and probably my number one recommendation to declare that the euro exploitation cinema is greatly underestimated and not ignored. It's an intelligent and complex movie, beautifully realized and ?? surprised ?? beautiful damn accurate! It is more than meaningless sleaze or free-to-air violence and it is about time that these quirky film committees that categorize Flavia as banned garbage also evaluate it. Flavia is a beautiful 14th-century adolescent who is forced to lead the life of an obedient nun into a strict monastery. She refuses to accept that she is inferior, just because she is female and she curses her fellow sister because she is so tolerant. After a fruitless attempt to escape, she befriended another rebellious nun, and even led a group of bloodthirsty Muslims into the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a straight enchanting movie! Almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it look so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to compile a title that focuses more on the subject of pioneer feminism than Flavia does. Several series are pretty shocking (on the verge of nightmare, actually) as the camera collapses on brutal rapes, torture and mutilation. Yet all this raw material is not only used to satisfy twisted ghore. I am strongly convinced that they are trying to communicate with the statement 'Flavia': Humanity (especially the Catholic Church in particular) has historically shown that it is a hypocritical and discriminatory race and there is no point in furthering it. deny. Movies like "Flavia, The Heretic" have the courage to question our precious ancestors and openly condemn them and truly admire them. Flavia is an outstanding and fundamental style of exploitation due to its dust, but it is even enhanced by the wonderful cinematography, the glorious costumes and scenery and the breathtaking musical score by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as the ambitious and headless nun, but it is María Casares who steals the show as Sister Agatha. She is a man-hatred and loud man, who wants to urinate in the open field! Amen, sister!
