I felt this film was so much about human sexuality as anything else, whether intentional or not. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is for women not to be admitted to such a nationally important event, forgetting the past of our respective "advanced" nations. I am writing from Japan, where women had the right to vote just 60 years ago, and female technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once male. The business world was totally unlimited for women in America until recently, and women in China tied their feet so they couldn't develop enough to escape their husbands. Iran is convenient at this stage in our time, and we look closely at how ridiculous we all looked at one time or another. Back to the sexuality problem, we are asked if it is intrinsic to women who make them unsuitable for a soccer match (the official reason being that the men are bad). Especially such boyish girls, some so much so you even get the feeling that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women who try to protect the police are not the ones trying to get in the first place. The opening style of the approach to the stadium appreciates the bravery of the young women who are trying to come in - and each one separately - not at all. It is a cruel man's world. Any woman who is brave enough to try should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not uniform. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the detainees of the criminals in the preliminary pen forbid their deportation to who-know-where and in a much more subtle way, begin to bind with the guards who watch over them. They had definite ideas about women and femininity, which were challenged at the head of the case. The attitude change is glowing, but visible. As the film of the first moment is pure Iran, it takes a little relief for the stranger, but the characters have a special way to strive for themselves. to you, and you end up getting the whole picture, and even understand the man's misunderstandings and slacken them. The supposed villain is the unseen patriarchy of the Ayatollahs, who remain invisible and unnamed and probably irrevocable. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film was filmed during the actual event of the Iran-Bahrain game gives me a sense of awe for everyone involved.
