What do you think the average person will know more / less: Iranian theater or Iranian football? Interestingly, the two are at the forefront of controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi's latest movie, "Offside," a story that uses soccer or soccer access as a backdrop for a series of scenes around you right to do something or somewhere. go to individuals' right to extend that courtesy if and when they want. The strange thing is, you don't get away from the Iranian football or too much about Iranian theater (unless it is a training in Panahi's controversial style), but you get away to feel relieved that at least someone from Iran has taken a controversial issue that is clearly still in force in a nation like Iran, and is prepared to propose it to an international audience rather than exploit it. <br /> <br /> I can remember the 2006 World Cup, I'm sure many people can. It was summer after my first year at university and after the first year's slogan, a summer of World Cup soccer acted as a nice timing. Needless to say, I saw virtually every bar that they see at the same time with the other people at the end of the group, to avoid being seen in Spain as in 8282, when West Germany and Austria thought of a followed between them who would both see at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Anyone in Britain watching the BBC's broadcast of Iran? Mexico's game, both nations' first tournament, can recall that the BBC's soccer anchor Gary Lineker, on top of the show, made a clever comment on launching the game. It went as follows: "We saw giant Germany, England, Argentina and Holland, but now we see ......... Mexico and Iran are fighting it out." The emphasis on the latter two was inferior was clear and it was perhaps a task to look at it. It is a pity that there are people and movies like Offside, which they are really prepared to see Iran, play to the point where they threaten their well-being to achieve it and it is sad when people are fired in a position of power they suspect " Inferior "when others are doing something to give the chance to get involved otherwise. <br /> <br /> Immediately thinking of the words 'Iran', 'Football' and 'World Cup', my mind flies back to the French '98 match between the nation and America. Here is a film about a World Cup game of all kinds of Iranians, but where some or even most Iranian filmmakers have had the opportunity to tell a story about Iran's famous victory over the United States and what it means to them , Panahi director looks at what goes on behind the scenes and presents a story out of the stands, as women are excluded from soccer matches and are not allowed to win the ecstasy of a massive game. You can imagine a heavy-handed movie describing Iran's 'victory' as a clumsy propaganda film designed to exploit because they have defeated a Western or 'enemy' in a sport they might not expect do not have. <br /> <br /> A few films that are obviously at stake are the 2001 Indian film Lagaan, in which Indian farmers defeat the British ruling cricket. Similalry, 2005's 'The Game of Their Lives', sees the Americans only defeating the English during a soccer game in the World Cup in 1950. The differences between these films and offside are great; Offside looks at a situation behind a state's mentality and dares to explore a being of feminism as the girls, trying to see their beloved Iran defeat Bahrain and qualifying for the World Cup, being rounded off and in ' a vague purgatory kept barefoot. from a brand new window that allows them to see the game. The reason is to deal with the dirty language the men 'may', not want, but 'may' use during the game. The film offers Iran so incompetent that it cannot remove a man's right to swear and ban the bad language, but must ban a woman's right to see the game all together? It's no wonder Panahi's film was banned in Iran itself. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remember to include what makes the rule so crazy in the first place by regularly allowing his female characters to smoke both cigarettes and use cell phones, two things that doctors and scientists will think you are much more dangerous to the human body / mind than hearing a little dirty language on a soccer match. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his movie 'Offside', which is itself a decision in the football detail when an 'attacker' is caught and tries to gain an advantage on the field. The parallel runs with the woman's position in the film, as this promotion (presumably without right) is captured individuals to set one over the opposition team; it is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the better movies to come from the Middle East and the surrounding Gulf area that I have seen. It's a tense but humiliating film about people who don't carry an acting history according to the IMDb and therefore the play is raw and real and adds the beautiful neo-realistic aura. The immediate end is haunting and the constant verbal struggle between the male soldiers and the female unjust who dare to defend the state is wonderful. I also think of anyone who doesn't really like the movie, because the reasons I mentioned show a clear level of indifference, whether you work in the Iranian government.
