In Iran, women are not allowed to attend men's sporting events, apparently to protect them from all the curse and foul language they may hear from the male fans (so, since men cannot prevent or behave themselves, women are forced to suffer. Go figure.). "Offside" tells the story of a half-dozen or so young women who, like men dressed, are trying to sneak into the high-strike match between Iran and Bahrain that qualified in 2005 to go to Iran for the World Cup (the movie was actually filmed in the game). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a cut-of-life comedy that will remind you of all the great humanistic films ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves of a Blonde," Watched Trains "etc.) emanating from the Communist Czechoslovakia as part of the" Prague Miracle "in the mid-1960s. As with many of those works," Offside "is more concerned with observing life than with the essay of any kind of complicated fictional narrative, indeed, it is the simplicity of the set-up and the naturalism of the style that makes the movie so effective. <br /> <br /> After their ruse has been discovered, the girls become in a small pen just outside the stadium grained where they can hear the raucous cheering emanating of the game inside. Trapped where they are, all they can do is argue with the security guards waiting for them, guards who are actually bumbling, good Bailiffs who are obliged to perform their duties as part of their mandatory military service. Men who go to the stadium don't seem to be amazed at the idea that these women are being allowed. The ban remains. However, how can one not be impressed by the very true courage and tension shown by these women as they act against a system that continues such a ridiculous regressive and archaic constraint? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to argue behind a cause or to make a "point". They are simply obsessed with a burning desire to watch a soccer match and, like all the men in the country, encourage their team. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to tell just how much of the dialogue has been written and how much of it is premature, but anyway, the actors, with their wonderfully expressive faces, do a wonderful job completely every moment. look real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are notable standouts in a uniformly excellent role. The structure of the film is also very loose and free-form, as author / director Jafar Panahi and co-author Shadmehr Rastin focus for a few short moments on one or two characters, then move smoothly and effortlessly to others. With this documentary type approach, we feel as if we are experiencing a real event unfolding in "real time". It is very easy for us to forget that we are actually watching a movie. <br /> <br /> It was a very clever move from the filmmakers to include so much good humor in the film (which is what the Czech filmmakers also did), the better to overcome the extreme absurdity of the situation. show and extend the appeal of the film for audiences, both domestic and foreign. "Offside" is, of course, a call for justice, but it is one that is made more effective by its refusal to make its story a heavy breathing process. Instead, it realizes that nothing social barriers break as effectively as humor and appeal to the audience's common humanity. And isn't that what real art is about to happen? In its own quiet, understated way, "Offside" is one of the great, undervalued gems of 2007.
