On the face of it, a movie about women wishing to watch a soccer match would not call much for anyone with little interest in soccer like myself. It's not about football. It's about discrimination and the women's enthusiasm for the sport they love. <br /> <br /> The film opens on the day of a major World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. A girl tries to pull in at Tehran's Azadi stadium by dressing like a boy, she looks like she will get until a soldier tries to find her. After being caught, they are taken to a small enclosure high on the outside of the stadium where there are a handful of women already captured. Here they are guarded by a small group of armed soldiers whose leader returns to the house. livestock. We never teach the characters 'names, but we teach them as people like the girls plead with the guards to watch them over a nearby gap in the wall and when they refused to get them, give them at least' a comment. <br /> <br /> As well as making an important point about the rigid gender segregation in much of today's Iran, the film contains many hilarious moments like the "disguise" one of the girls was made to wear when they going to the toilet and the girl who disguised herself as a soldier and was just caught because she chose to see the game from a seat reserved for a senior official. The girls' enthusiasm for the game is such that the viewer will eventually be on the verge of their seat and hope that Iran will win and therefore go to the final in Germany. The soldiers are not shown as fundamentalists, they are just those there because they have to be there, and when they explain to the girls why women cannot watch men's sport, their arguments do not seem so convincing. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that this film cannot be seen in Iran itself, but it is good that the broader world can see it and so ordinary Iranians do not see a lot of fanatics desperate to waging war in the west but ordinary people with the same passions and worries as people everywhere. The role-players did a good job of making their characters look like real people rather than mere caricatures.
