Panahi, whose previous films such as The Circle and Crimson Gold looked from dour to grim, has in his new Offside a funny, turbulent, joyous, chaotic ensemble that ends with a note of liberation and sad fun? But the film is about material that is just as challenging and relevant as anything else he did. By focusing on a group of fiery girl, football lovers have caught up in the pre-World Cup Bahrain-Iran match in Tehran Stadium, Panahi raises issues of national spirit and independent disposition, and the contradictions ?? and pure absurdity ?? of the regime's religious gender apartheid in a world of modern competition with a majority youth population and urban girls increasingly thinking of themselves. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we unscrew one of the girls in a bus, with a father pursuing a lost daughter. This one has a disguise and has national colors as a war paint, but we are scratching her with the knowledge of what is going to happen: she is still easily spotted. The thing is, most of the men around don't really care. Still, rules are rules and when they try to make the various checkpoints on their way to the big stadium, soccer girls, or some of them, will be rounded off and kept in the stadium in a little bit of a ban on the stage. be. by some mostly young, green and rustic soldier police who have no idea how to handle these independent ideas of the big city girls and rather look at the game? who roars us constantly in the background? themselves. Every girl is different ?? represents another set of reasons for violating the rules and different ways of doing so. One wore a soldier's uniform and came into the section of the officers. The one is tough and masculine and mocking and challenging (she can pass a nice boy and tease it: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What do you want me to be?"). One doesn't care much about soccer, but has honored a dead comrade, one (Aida Sadeghi) is a fiery soccer player himself and so on. These Tehrani girls are stubborn and clever and they run everywhere in the rural lieutenant Control (Safar Samandar) One of the rural policemen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the girl's soccer player to the man's room (of course there are no ladies), forcing her to wear a poster of an Italian football player as a mask A comedy of errors and chaos follows in which the girl escapes. <br /> <br /> Later comes a spiffy looking along with a police officer to take the girls to the Vice Department? sexual segregation rules qualify as a vice.A man is mixed with them a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling of fireworks in the games. The bus didn't seem to be so spiffy: the radio antenna was broken. But one policeman keeps it in place so they can listen to the increasing heartbeat report. Policemen and prisoners are all together in a thrill. There is no score, the game goes to penalties and the winner goes to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background of all this is a real game, a real stadium, and real masses of young men love the outcome of this event. The excitement is great, and the streets are trapped with cars and flags and a fan of fans praying for Iranian victory and uniting in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie as good as it can be clear By this time it was shot during the evening of a real match with a real final that turns everything around. This, unlike Panahi's previous highly-calculated narrative trajectories, is spontaneous delusion improvising with a trapped backdrop of real-life events and getting excited in ways that are very exciting. <br /> <br /> The core of Offside is the breakdown of modern soccer madness and retro-Islamic social prohibitions that suppress women? The latter exists at a time when young Iranian women become part of a global world in which women participate in sport and share the zeal of national team spirit. How exactly do you reconcile the country's ambition to become a modern global power with medieval social attitudes? Many Officers are amazingly real, including the way everyone tries to make their way out of everything. The director's decision to inject young actors into a real sport mega event leads to a stunningly effective blend of documentary, polemic and fiction that is too energetic to make a bone look, and it ends in a way which is brilliant and mobile. . <br /> <br /> I have previously reserved Panahi's movies, but this one kick ass. Panahi is doing something remarkable here. He criticizes his society, offers an unusual drama and touches our hearts with a sense of nation's aspirations.
