In Iran, women are banned from attending live sports events due to the fear that they will be damaged by a bad language, close to thousands of men and the fact that there are no toilet facilities for women in obsolete stadiums. Based on an actual incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panahi's Offside follows six girls, disguised as men, who were refused in Iran in the soccer match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain, which will decide whether Iran should country is going to World Cup. In anticipation of the dark minimalist films that we have been accustomed to over the past ten years from Iran, Offside is an exuberant comedy that has a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal, but contains enough subversive social commentary on its ban on performances in Iran. too fair. . <br /> <br /> Shots with a digital camera with non-professional actors that are more than just the job, try to sneak the girls in the Azadi stadium in Tehran, but are arrested and in a holding outside the stadium. They are guarded by three young army officers (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir Abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-Kaboud) who express ambivalence over their task, but are obliged to follow the rules. The women are soccer enthusiasts, not political activists, and encourage Iran's victory, but this does not prevent the soldiers from holding them while waiting for the girls to be transported to the Vice Panel and an uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Rather than acting like victims, they constantly ask the soldiers about the rationale behind the restrictions and make their absurdity pretty obvious. Although they can hear the noise, the women cannot see the action, but achieve a small victory when they persuade one of the soldiers to comment on the game. One of the funniest sequences takes place when a female "prisoner" is escorted to a man's room by a soldier. The young yard then has to deal with a close riot when he has to prevent someone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little, to paraphrase Adlai Stevenson, uniting them to be bigger than they divide and the unlikely antagonist rally behind their country and root for the victory that Iran will send to the World Cup. Although the point is made early and often and the movie is a bit in the middle, Offside makes a point about a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality with a growing group of educated and politically healthy citizens must fighting. One can only hope that world pressure and the awakening of its own people will force the ayatollahs to conform to the 21st century.
