I watched this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. During an actual World Cup qualifying match in 2006, Offside works brilliantly as a comedy and a tragedy. The film follows the fortunes of a group of young women being caught sneaking into a soccer match in Tehran's Azadi Stadium. The country's Islamic religious leaders have determined that women should not sit in sports at men, so they are not exposed to curses and other morally questionable behaviors. It didn't stop the country's young female fans, who still use various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group caught and detained, offensive near the action. They beg the bored soldiers to leave them to let them go or at least watch them. The soldiers told them they hadn't tried to go in, that they could see the game at home on TV. They kick in almost real-time back and forth while the game continues, just outside the camera. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence where a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the toilet. Since there are no female toilets at stadiums, he has to remove the room from any men before allowing him to enter. Plus he makes her face cover so no one can see she is a woman. This is achieved by using a poster of Iranian footballer Ali Daei as a mask, with eyelashes knocked out. <br /> <br /> You get a real feeling that even the soldiers are stunned by the ban and just out of their command to speed up the end of their mandatory military service. One soldier complained that he had to be on leave to care for the family's cattle in the countryside. The girls and the soldiers talk to each other and there are many little things on both sides to show that they are basically good people living in terrible conditions. But the soldiers' constant reminder that "the head" is on the way makes a sense of threat, as we do not know what kind of punishment the women face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, known for their strong footage, Offside is filmed in a realistic style without artifice. In fact, the film was made during the actual qualifying match against Bahrain that took place on June 5, 2005. The plot is in many respects determined by the outcome on the field. If Iran won the match, they would qualify. If they lost, they would not. Since the World Cup has come and gone, I do not think it is a forerunner to say that Iran has won the game. The scenes of the celebration at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, giving the film a true authenticity. To see how much it meant for the people of Iran was very touching. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, one of the young women also made reference to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan game on March 25, just a few weeks before. They were trampled to death after the police sprayed the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing this was a real tragedy, another celebration of poignancy added. <br /> <br /> I don't want to go on a long political tangent, but this film really gave me hope that there are those in Iran who are working for change and work. Iran is a nation of youth, and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. Movies like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite their current problems, and it is my sincere hope that there is a better future for them.
