Anna (Ursula Andress) is brought in as an official R.N. by ex-lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), apparently nursing an aging widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso) back to health after a heart attack. But Benito actually leads a group of heirs and businessmen, including US entrepreneur Kitch (Jack Palance), with the underlying motives, reflected by what Anna will hopefully actually achieve with the spade. He has a history of, well as women, and would actually be a little more "vulnerable" as he was healed. The bad guys are derailed because Anna doesn't get closer to the shovel. The end can be said to be ironic, but it is probably better described than predictable. <br /> <br /> So much for plot - this movie is quite an erotic comedy, from start to finish, and oh how good. There are many naked, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the malicious heirs, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are striking continental ex-Bond women, thus meeting the fantasies of male viewers. As she did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a femme fatale, kind, but less elegant. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is Anna's (slow) complete band and jumping in bed with the young Adone, the "other patient" (who unfortunately resists), in an effort to find out what he knows about the plot. But even at this point she has been confronted twice (for the better) because she decided not to go along. However, Benito is more than a two-hour woman with both Anna and Jole in the past, and the competing best erotic scene follows a complicated (soft) argument between him and Jole. This is a standing meeting in which Luciana is just black underpants. Another nice one is Ursula swimming in the estate's swimming pool. The spade is free, as the client, to place his hands where he wants Ursula, and he takes advantage. Hey, somehow I went back to the actress's names in my descriptions. Erotic scenes with other women include an amusing naked wine cellar. "The Sensual Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it doesn't have to be - it's nice without interruption. Begin to finish. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
