Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and he has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Hakim). He also left his parents in his large apartment in New York City. But somehow he feels that his life is somewhat empty. On a normal day in the city he sees his old college roommate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). Which Alan didn't see Charlie in years. When Alan tries to touch Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely depressed man who hides his true feelings from people who care for him. Since Charlie unexpectedly lost his family in a plane crash, they were on one of the planes of September 11, 2001. When Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan calls things from his past, Charlie becomes violent towards Alan or someone who calls his late family. Now, Alan Charlie is trying to help and make his life easier for him. But Alan finds out that Charlie is talking about his true feelings, harder than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Outline of Anger) has made a wonderful human drama that includes moments of sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance, which Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than he did on Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as usual. Pinkett Smith is good as Alan's supportive wife, Liv Tyler is also good as the young psychiatrist and Saffran Burrows is pretty good as the beautiful strange lonely woman who has a wild loved one on Alan. Unfortunately, this movie was a disappointment in the cash register, despite the fact that it had good reviews. The film is here first, the writing and the director are wonderful and Russ T. Alsobrook's amazing Widescreen Cinematography. The film has huge NYC locations, the movie New York making a beautiful city to look at. <br /> <br /> DVD has a sharp anamorphic Widescreen (2.35: 1) transmission and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. DVD also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, photo montage and previews. I expected more for the DVD features like a sound commentary by the director and extracted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is definitely one of the best movies released this year. I'm sure this movie looks good in the big screen. Unfortunately I didn't have to see it in a theater. But it's also the kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and it has many familiar faces in supporting rolls and little parts. Even the director shared a bit like Byran Sugarman, who is an actor himself. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underrated photos of this year. It's also the best Sandler movie in my taste since "The Wedding Singer". Don't miss it. HD Widescreen. (**** 1/2 of the *****).
