Most people going to this movie will have an idea of ​​what it is all about; A man lost his whole family and even his dog in a flight from Boston from that fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably won't know before you see this movie is: How it would feel; What do you do with it; and how will it affect you and the way you relate to each waking day? The story unfolds slowly from the gate and then warms nicely as it brings a little speed while the recent renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and ex-college roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) solidifies and begins to take shape . Characters appear in this movie whose presence initially seems compulsory and not well developed, but in fact remains with this story, and you find that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story credible - and accurate. True people live in a real-life situation where they can do little, but stand aside while one of them disintegrates. The pain in Charlie's soul is subtly visible from the first introduction and growth as we learn more about his character? Brilliantly revealed by Sandler, as layers of onions ?? one layer at a time with lights and weight combined. It's so subtly a thing he sneaks up on you and gets inside your head as you watch him on the screen. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is equally subtle and many Don Cheadle. Always vigilant, the ease that is evident when Cheadle speaks to the screen with his complete stage skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in texture just as the situation would require. Fineman does not want friendship, and no one enters his divide and yet the good quality Alan owns is simple and honest enough to even intrigue a safe like Charlie. This is Alan who has the job of opening Charlie's carefully closed life. There is inherent danger in the process. The more Alan Nudges wants to open Charlie, go as far as engaging with friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), no matter how close Charlie is. It's an abyss that tarnishes Charlie at every waking moment and one he has learned to navigate through sheer dignity of denial. He refused everything that existed before him to exist at his loss. Unfortunately, his sadness is one thing he cannot deny. Sandler pulled out so deeply in his character's pain during the story's unfolding that by the time he got into his demons, the viewer looked almost his pain. Alan is standing next to Charlie throughout this demanding process, at risk of solving his own perfect home life - with admirable grace and efficiency by Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) Alan looks at Alan's recovery, looks inside and admits to his own silent scream at the death of the independence he once owned and became the man he lost. His reward for helping Charlie help himself with what he lost. The theme is much like The Fisher King; Another story of a man who isolates himself to the point of madness of sadness and loss. Like the Fisher King, the story ends with the traditional, there is a theme for everyone. Rule over my Lidia Sinclair (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows) a woman on the verge of breaking down and sketchy Johnson's patient, which seems to be just unstable enough to fill. Charlie's insanity. This is a good ending to the story, but one element is probably likely to be true. Then again, maybe there is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
