What we have here is a situation. A man is found in distress and people want to help him - in contrasting ways. In the end, they are forced to let it go. You can't fix people. And although it is in several respects, Queen is totally Hollywood. The message is not. <br /> <br /> This story is not about Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), a man who has left his wife and three daughters in a 9/11 plane that has since gone into an almost psychotic state of PTSD. It's about Charlie's meeting with Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), a New York dentist who was his roommate in the dental school and knows of his tragedy, sees him on the street and reconnects. Charlie drives around a small motorcycle scooter - a great fantasy for negotiating Manhattan traffic - with huge headphones over a mass of insatiable hair. The hair is Sandler's main prop to show he's confused. And using music as an escape must come home for every iPod rider. <br /> <br /> Charlie is a disaster, but paradoxically, Alan, stuck with a controlling wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), soon envy him. Charlie lives like a brave adolescent boy with a big trust fund (tragedy insurance money) and begins to pull Alan off to "hang out," eat Chinese, buy records, or watch a Mel Brooks marathon at a house. Charlie lives in a nice big apartment that is protected by an average homeman, repeating the kitchen over and over again, old vinyl of Springsteen, the Wie, etc. Collect and play a video game called Shadow of the Collosus on a huge screen in a huge empty playroom. <br /> <br /> Charlie's in-laws are very worried about him, but somehow malicious, as we learn later. Alan has a new patient suggesting him. Charlie's despair lets us see Alan's. He is trying to help Charlie partially escape Alan from his own suffocating realities, but he is only more aware of them. <br /> <br /> Cheadle and Sandler make a strange couple, but it doesn't matter, it's convincing they need each other. Charlie is desperate for the companionship of a friend who never knew his family, because to escape his loss, he pretends he never had one. And so, as a roommate, Charlie slept naked and slept and had a terrible musical taste (no Motown)? Alan wants an escape from his neat, emotional life. He is under the thumb, not only of his wife, but also of his dental partners, who dominate it over him, even though he is the one who practices it. They are white, incidentally, and he is black. There is also the capricious patient from hell who seriously disrupts the dental offices, but looks different from Charlie and notices that she is a babe. His libido seems to be ready to revive at any moment. He was also drawn to the breasts of Liv Tyler, a psychotherapist in the same building as the dentists trying to treat Charlie when he admits he might need help. <br /> <br /> Sandler's crazy scene is a bit of theater, like lots of plot devices (in fact, this movie feels like a play on more than one point), but he has several monologues where he sadens express in deep-touch ways. <br /> <br /> Charlie's not only delusional and sad, but dangerous and violent, and all these efforts to help him re-fire. The movie is admirable in the way it gives a feeling that people can't be made right. This is an interesting movie - sometimes a touch - and this is the first time 9/11 has survived survivor suffering. But there is an element of comedy that sometimes looks tasteless, many of the people are too wide drawn, and the excessive Hollywood interiors have terrible decor. Only the Manhattan streets really look. There is a courtroom scene that is deadly, and Donald Sutherland is a judge who is too good to be true. Alan's family problem is solved too easily with a call. And yet it's worth watching for the acting - the control and subtlety of Cheadle, and Sandler in a serious role, almost as good as he does in P.T. Anderson's 2002 Punch-Drunk Love, though clearly a better movie, is actually a much better one.
