I didn't really go into "Reign Over Me", knowing exactly what to expect from the director or the story. The plot was easy enough to understand, I think. This man's whole family died in 9/11, and he closes the world out of his life. Alright. I didn't know if it would use the attachment of terrorism as a platform to talk about those or other issues related to it and it's really not at a very obvious level, so if you're scared To be surrounded by political opinions that may be different from yours, I will not worry. I think the writing even made a point of never expressing a September 11th. "Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The movie has a sense of humor, and it's very sharp, but it's definitely a drama that counts. I don't usually like to think that comedian actors don't really act, but sometimes, let's face it, they are. Adam Sandler is definitely capable (and although I think so, you can't agree, Jim Carrey is also very well-rounded. Sometimes). Sandler's depiction of Charlie Fineman has a surface-like character that is totally unreal and makes it absolutely credible. I read many reviews that criticized Alan Johnson's (Don Cheadle's writing in another excellent role, if not one that looks like some of his more recent photos), played well by Jada Pinkett Smith, who call it static and boring, but it is completely untrue. <br /> <br /> She has depth, but some of it is hidden behind the main story, sometimes floating in and out of focus. (Keeping in mind some unusual transitions made early in the movie, with a strange "All Out of Focus". After about the first 40 minutes, it's no longer used. Maybe it's important for characters' outlook, artistic, or maybe they just realized how annoyed it was.) The film gradually announces the point (one of several, but definitely the most explicit) of the story to us. It is sometimes that people with sadness in their own way. Maybe it looks unorthodox to us, maybe it looks really unhealthy, but maybe that's what some people want more than they want, just to forget. To just exist. The movie soundtrack was excellent and it used music to strive for and strengthen moods, rather than establishing it, which gave credit to actors and authors. <br /> <br /> The movie takes the name of the song "Love, Rule Yourself", from The Who's rock opera, Quadrophenia. The song itself is quite insignificant for the real story, but it is used vigorously in the movie during the climax and eventually. The movie is well-played and does not feel as if it is dragging its length, which is a little over 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's portrayal of this deeply sad and broken man, you'll enjoy the movie. You will become entangled in the story, and you will really feel the characters for each character. It's not the best movie of the year, and there's nothing groundbreaking or positively incredible in it, but it's a very enjoyable, viewable movie.
