On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; but 2,819 lives ended in a particularly horrifying manner. They were the victims of a plane hijacked by extremists, whose only mission was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, people. This film has a profound look at four people whose lives have been cut short by this disastrous event and one whose life has been broken by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist who lives in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11 when they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally destroyed by the events he eventually loses contact with everyone who reminds him of his previous life; including his in-laws and his best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender respectively). He's going to completely deny and do his best to forget his past life. It continues until he walks in his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) who Fineman doesn't seem to remember. The two start catching up, but Fineman believes Johnson has been sent by people of his previous life to persuade him to get help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman regains his confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> Whilst all this, Alan Johnson's life is going the wrong way. He is a self-employed (dentist) who helps to start a dental practice. One day, a patient from his named Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) is trying to make a move on him and tells him she wants to offer oral sex to him. This is an unwelcome surprise to Dr. Johnson, as he is a married man with two children. As he gets home from work on a particular working day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to sack him. He's unsuccessful, but he gets another opportunity and persuades Fineman to get a cup of coffee with him to catch up, despite the fact that Fineman doesn't know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this movie is the use of music as a motif. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open up his past or talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts on his headphones and drowns the world with things that make his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over, I had I think: how am I going to lose my family? How will I handle such a tragic event? This is something we do not consider too often. We always think they will be there and we often take it for granted whether we are planning or not. We usually realize how important it is when it's too late; And for a while someone can physically, emotionally and physiologically destroy. I really don't know how to handle such a thing. Should I face the problem, deal with and live with my life or should I just turn on my headphones and block the world?
