Occasionally, Hollywood's comedic actors seem to surprise me with their talents as dramatic artists. First it was Robin Williams ('One Hour Photo (2002)'), then it was Jim Carrey ('Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) is an example), then Will Ferrell (' Stranger than Fiction (2006) ') and now Adam Sandler, yes, it's quite right: the man who has a whole career based on brainless, goofball comedies (I don't complain; I've always been a fan) finally gave me a performance of which he prides Of course, some readers may wonder what happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)', but I can only assure you that this is a movie I am currently watching. My first film by director Mike Binder, "Reign Over Me," is an intelligent and respectful exploration of sadness and friendship, although sometimes deviating from well-known areas, the somewhat predictable story appears to be surprisingly deep and moving, with Sandler and Don Cheadle offering unforgettable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he is unable to communicate with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) sufficiently and so his marriage is a bit shaky. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former college roommate, a man who lost his entire family in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and still confronts his overwhelming feelings of grief. Charlie left his career in dentistry and spent his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones eliminating all the noise from the outside world. around Manhattan in his motorized scooter, immersing himself in fantastic video games and repeatedly his apartment kitchen according to his late wife's final wishes. When Alan and Charlie met for the first time in years, the latter did not even recognize an old friend because he had completely abandoned total memories before his life-churning experience. Indeed, he does not even acknowledge the existence of his family at first, and suddenly loses his temper when anyone suggests he is seeking counseling. <br /> <br /> Initially, it may seem a little bit of exploitation for the filmmakers to be using September 11 as a storyteller. After all, would it not be just as devastating if Charlie's family died in an ordinary, everyday car accident? However, if you think the director's intention was to demonstrate the tremendous pain caused by the tragedy to ordinary citizens, 'Reign Over Me' is a very good job. It's so easy to get caught up in meaningless statistics that neglect the emotional cost of terrorist attacks; it is the first 9/11-oriented film I have ever seen that has really dealt with the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only distress was caused by losing those who loved them. Adam Sandler shows a surprising series in a difficult role, one that would have crumbled if he wasn't on the job. Charlie Fineman is instantly between cheerfulness, anger and depression, a man with whom we can deeply sympathize, a hollow soul who, due to the friendship of an old friend, can finally see the end of a dark, dark tunnel .
