There can be spoiled! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (the September 11 terrorist attacks), is still suffering from their deaths. He walks into his former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two relive their friendship. Alan vows to help his old friend end the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> However, this movie is a story of how fate interferes in our lives when we can be powerless, doing something about our own states of being. Alan is stuck in a life he knows no longer fulfills. He feels friendly and without contact with his own reality. He cannot communicate with his wife and associates at work. He cannot express his feelings and, as a result, feels lost and far from his own world. He kicks Charlie on the streets of Manhattan as he drives off his job. Eventually he meets and discovers that Charlie (who was originally Alan doesn't remember) lives in a false reality of his own. Charlie went back to a time in his life when he had no family. He lives as if he was still a student playing in a rock band, vinyl records of the 60's and 70's, and playing video games. He escaped to a better and safer time in his life where there are no bad guys and he has much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is somehow influenced by the tragedy that influenced Charlie and his forgiveness to a former and better (?) Place. His house runner is his protector and big switch. His in-laws are deducted from his life because they will take him back to the reality that his family is away from his life. And Alan is most affected by him because Alan (with his first reality a selfish desire to escape his own reality) wants to be with Charlie as a way to pull himself off his own handicapped reality and then he wants to " find a way to help Charlie recover from his self-induced debt and denial of loss. It is through this relationship that Charlie can not only begin to heal himself, but that Alan does indeed learn to communicate and satiate his true desires with his workforce and ultimately to admit to his wife that he could not communicate his true feelings to her, but he wants to be strong because he loves her. This is actually a gripping moment in the movie when things hit the fan and Charlie is confronted with the reality of being thrown away that he and Alan are talking about the situation about "Chinese" Charlie says he is in. Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you allow it, will take you through a river of emotions and make you think. It will make you laugh at how Charlie uses his words, as people really do in everyday life, to make a comical set of facts about a real situation. It will leave you on the brink of tears (in my case the real tears), when Charlie confronts his grief and begins to deal with his tremendous loss. And it's the fact that the tragic reality is his fault, and the loss never really left him and he only dealt with it: denial. It will curse you at the cold, unthinkable behavior of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I actually did at Charlie's trial!) And that will make you smile on the mind of an old man and wise, rigid judge, (Donald Sutherland, who is great for his short, separate role and gives the best performance of a wise, rigorous legal profession, since Wilford Brimley is an Assistant Attorney General in the absence of Malice <br /> <br /> This movie was also some wonderful reasons for me: (1) I never watched the clock once during my performance. What it meant was from the beginning to the end, (2) Although the role-play was interracial, it was not important to play out the roles of the characters in the movie. Race was a non-factor for performing the roles in this movie. Wonderful people can actually interact with the fact that it is brought out! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial attorney refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what happened to Charlie on 9/12". Time will be the real test of how this movie will stand out in the future, but if the purpose of a movie is not just entertained, but to make one think and stay the movie long after you leave the theater have ruled over me so far has been phenomenally successful. I have not yet forgotten this wonderful thought-producing movie and I will be waiting impatiently for the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
