Reign Over Me is a success due to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedian actors are dramatic, it is seen as a bit of a distraction, Sandler is not a stranger to playing more serious roles. Most characters he portrays have an unstable temperament and a vulnerability that can burst at any moment. He can even be characters for characters with such hidden rage problems. However, this performance has significant dramatic weight, as opposed to its roles in less comical performances such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) runs in his old college roommate, Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he hasn't seen in several years. Five years ago, Charlie suffered the overwhelming loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes Cheadle's character due to the suppression of his memories and consequent retreated childlike lifestyle since the accident. It's not until Alan continues to talk to him that Charlie remembers who he is. Their renewed relationship that follows will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, eventually confronting the thoughts and feelings he has suppressed under his own circumstances. <br /> <br /> Although writer director Mike Binder doesn't show much sense of an individual style, and some of his shots and transitions are a bit uncomfortable, he has a talent to be fit for good performances of his actors while being a talented and funny writer. He shot this movie with a digital camera, as more and more filmmakers are busy today, so the crew can shoot night scenes with limited lighting. It kept the colorful backgrounds of New York City in focus, but resulted in the creation of regular digital grain, which resembles blue scattered specks and moves on the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost every main character in Reign Over Me gives a wonderful performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are unforgettable in their respective roles as a frustrated woman for Cheadle's character and a psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who are doing their best work so far. They completely owned this movie. Sandler actually plays a character who does not look outside or act like himself, partially credited to his Bob Dylan-esquire wig. Although Cheadle's character has more screen time than Sandler, they must both be regarded as leading roles, as they simultaneously support and assist each other through the movie. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a major role in this movie, especially the title song "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who, and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows Sandler with music to exclude his feelings and memories, but this particular song causes such intense emotions, rather than reducing his anger. It stimulates his emotions. All in all, Reign Over Me is a pleasant, sad, but often funny movie, driven by its incredible front performances.
