Love hurts. That's what I think is the main message Mike Binder's latest film Reign Over Me brings. Whether that love has made your relationship stagnant or angered by the one you have been cheating for years, or your heart has broken to the point of not being able to open yourself to the world, love hurts. The great thing about this movie, however, is not in the portrayal of these lost souls to let their passing sadness go, but in the eventual restart of new relationships for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; they are all emotionally trapped in relationships that they cannot free from alone. There are a few heavy craft materials here and I credit Binder to never make the story into a political diatribe, but instead infuse the serious moments with some real nice comic pieces that enable the story to be character-based. and stay small in scale compared to the epic event that weighs overhead. What has become a solid vehicle for opinions on how 9-11 has all brought us all is ultimately a story about two men and a connection they share is the only thing that can save their lives from depression and regret . br /> <br /> This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas Anderson was the first to see the childish, pent-up rage in his stupid comedies as something dramatic. The youthfulness of a character such as Billy Madison caters for laughter and potty humor, but can also be used to show a repressed, shy and exhibited man to the world around him. A man without confidence who needs a pity to break his shell. Anderson made Sandler do it, but in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder took it one step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were murdered in one of the aircrafts that the World Trade Center took on 9-11. That one moment he broke a life he had, and as a result he retired and started believing he couldn't remember anything that happened before that day. He really delivers a moving portrait of a man trying to keep the charade in his head, while those around him, those who love him, try to open him to the reality of what has happened and what the future holds. . Always on the edge and ready to snap at any moment when something is called to sparkle the memory of his lost family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones, and does everything to avoid it being tempted. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me isn't about Charlie Fineman, but it's about dentist and family man Alan Johnson. A man who caught himself in a marriage and dental practice that stagnated in monotony needed Johnson as much help in his life as his old college roommate Charlie. He played perfectly through the always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his backbone to try to change his life. He has no friends, and one day when he sees Charlie, his life becomes something he didn't feel in 15 years. He gives a chance to go out with an old friend, no matter how much he has changed from his family's death. Cheadle's character wants to return to college's days to hang out and Sandler's don't care, because everything was before he met his wife. The two men get what they want and allow them to grow close, despite the years of loneliness that their lives have used. Once they begin to open, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy will crawl and test the facade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The supporting role-player makes a great job of keeping up with the appearance of the two. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who impressed me and played through the movie, the tricky nail woman, but it's her final scene on the phone with Cheadle that made me truly different and true. Liv Tyler is a bit out of her element as a psychiatrist, but the film calls it this fact and makes the wrong, perfect casting. The very small cameos are also effective, even the author / director Mike Binder's role as Sandler's oldest best friend and accountant. (My only grip here is why he has the need to put his name in the opening credits as an actor if it's everywhere, seeing it's his film). Last but not least, is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays the love-created divorces that try to put her life together beautifully. A role that initially looks comical relief, but ultimately an integral aspect for what will be. <br /> <br /> Binder has made one of the best dramatic character studies I've seen long ago. The direction is almost flawless (the blurring of cuts and characters in the foreground / background made me very annoyed at first), the acting fantastic, and the story true to himself, never takes the easy way out or adorns him with neatly tied at the end. Even the music was fantastic and used to improve, not to lead us emotionally (why after two major uses of the titular song by The Who Binder feel the need to use the inferior Eddie Veddar remake for the end, I didn't, but unfortunately it smeared me. Reign Over Me is a film about love and how it can be the worst pain, but it can also save us regret and allow us to see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
