This movie played at Austin's Paramount Theater last night as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were blessed with the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who heard hearing questions to the movie. It's a remarkable and powerful movie about how to lose yourself and find your way back. The performances are phenomenal and the story is both tragic and funny in a way that is too scarce. (The trailer for the movie is trying a bit too hard to emphasize the comic aspects.) <br /> <br /> It's an outbreak role for Adam Sandler. While taking on more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is an important step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He earned an Oscar nomination while continuing to transition to more dramatic roles like Tom Hanks did and Jim Carrey did as well. In this role he tried to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although playing an autistic man is definitely different from Sandler's traumatized character, both characters are trapped in their own child-like isolation and confusion world for various reasons. <br /> <br /> Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but just as good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we expected remarkable, newly-acclaimed performances from Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that comes through in this role. But he, too, is broken and struggling if it is not as deeply as Sandler's character. Cheadle struggles with problems in both his marriage and in his professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler struggle to heal each other as the true friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They are both looking for that part of the self that they have lost and are trying to find again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best big studio movies to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is wonderful. The filming in the streets of New York - a city that had a great tragedy and had to cure itself - is also very beautiful. The supporting roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder themselves are all very good. <br /> <br /> Author / Director Mike Binder really has a story that can link so many to various levels. It is a story of sadness, family, healing, male friendship, spiritual health and the meaning of love. My dominion does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic, because it draws you into the lives of its characters. Hollywood will have a much better reputation if it made more character-oriented, charming movies like Reign about Me.
