Everyone is probably familiar with these best-known stories? A heartless businessman visits the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve. He warned that if he continued in his unashamed ways, he would be doomed in chains. So that he can avoid his partner's fate, he is visited by three spirits that show him visions of Christian generations, present and yet to come, so that he will hopefully see the error of his ways before it is too late. A little morbid story might think, but it's classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the best known and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me this is the definitive version of Dickens timeless story; It's the one I always remember watching school, and I remember being terrified! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene of Christmas ghost at the bridge, and the ghost of Christmas, nevertheless, I found very scary. How did the movie get the 'U' certificate on earth? (For non-UK readers you are the lowest rating, it means family-friendly and welcome children, nothing to scare them, etc. This is certainly not the case, as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the final segment satisfactory). with the grim reaper-like ghost of the Christmas future. <br /> <br /> Be it as it may, from the many versions of this classic story I've seen adapted to film, it may be the most faithful to Included in the book is a segment that is rarely seen in the film adaptations of the original text - that of the Christmas gift ghost, which has hidden Scrooge's two children under his cloak (you'll never be with such children represent Ignorance and Need (though it has changed in this film), however, criticism for me is clearly seen after it has been re-examined with more objective and educated eyes, the most important being George C. onion Scrooge's image simply doesn't look cold enough. He was lying too much. I don't want to use the word jolly, because Ebeneezer is of course nothing else, but it looks like he's just an old old man, rather than the positively unpleasant, cold and rude man he's in the book and other movies. Patrick Stewart portrayed him in one of the latest versions filmed, and Michael Caine, despite acting alongside the Muppets, was positively cold. Furthermore, the development of the character in the course of the film, as he learns more about the error of his ways and growth to salvation, is inconclusive and contradictory. He apparently changed little when he reached the third spirit's final lesson. <br /> <br /> But it ignores this one (though great) concern, but it's still a playful and ultimately heartwarming Christmas story, as everything should be Christmas movies. Of course London looks like the perfect picturesque, picturesque English village that many Americans probably think it is still (the truth is that even when London was gray and dirty and any snow would never have been so white!) And everyone was so impeccably dressed , even the poor people look rather brave. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why shouldn't everything look nice? Perfect holiday season viewing; along with copies of It's a wonderful life, wondering on the 34th street and the snowman and you have everything you need.
