This modern film noir with its disapproved humor and dizzying sequence of plot twists yields a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and great entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible not to empathize with the honest, unattractive hero, or to grasp through the ways in which he tries to navigate his way out of the terrible prosperity he finds in him. All you can do is fasten your seat belt and enjoy driving. <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary guy who makes a poor decision and then finds that the effects are emitting him in an uncontrollable series of events from which he cannot satisfy himself is pure film noir. The same goes for the themes of murder, fraud, corruption and ambiguity that occur throughout. Many of the well-known noir visual motifs are also present, such as the way cigarette smoke illuminates, the rain soaked roads at night, the heavy shadow interiors and the lines of shade (created by louvred doors) over people's faces. /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), an injured war veteran without money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and is neglected by Mr Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) for a hit he was arranged to hire to murder his wife, Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a natural negligent person, does nothing to disrupt Wayne from his misunderstanding, especially because he can use a job and does not realize what he is expected to do. After telling what his mission is and receiving a $ 5,000 advance, he'll see Suzanne and warn her about Wayne's plan. She didn't look too much worried about the danger she was getting into and offered Michael twice the fee that Wayne had offered because he had to eliminate her husband. Michael decides to take the money he has received from both parties. and leave town. However, his plan failed when he accidentally drove into a man standing in the middle of the road and decided to take him to hospital to get treatment for his injuries. At the hospital things become more complicated as it turns out that the patient is Suzanne's lover and he has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to the local law enforcement officers becoming involved and the revelation that Wayne is the Sheriff! From this point on, things become even more complicated and also more dangerous, especially when the real hit, Lyle of Dallas (Dennis Hopper) arrives on the scene. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has some great moments of excitement (an example of this is the scene in which Michael made his escape from Wayne's bar) and also some good performances from his strong role. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing because he responds to a variety of situations of anxiety, surprise or uncertainty. J T Walsh is also exceptionally good as a fraudulent character who always covers more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper is intensely threatening as the cruel contract killer (a role he plays with big gusto) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks pretty cold and calculates the femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also offers great support and moments of humor in his cameo role as a truck driver. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally destined to be denied a general cinema release, but justified it from its humble beginnings to eventually be recognized as the big movie that made it really is.
