What we have here is a damn good nineties thriller that, while lacking in matter, still offers good entertainment during the running time and overall does everything you could possibly want a movie of this kind. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a highly underrated director behind big sensations such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought if this movie was up to date on what I had seen from the director, it would be worth watching - and Red Rock West is definitely a movie that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the excessive moral Michael; A man traveling across America is looking for work. He ends up finding it one day when he bumps into a Red Rock County pub. Only catch is that the job is to kill a man's wife. He was wrong for a murderer named Lyle, but instead of doing the job; he plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to get away. But his attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle pops up ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to enjoy exciting excitement. He did it with Kill Me Again three years ago, and again nearly a decade of this movie with Roadkill. It's not hard to see why Dahl chooses this kind of place, as it holds a fantastic atmosphere for excitement like that of this one. Dahl also offers his film with a 'film noir' like atmosphere, as the plot focuses mainly on the central character and the word in which he is thrown is full of dark and mysterious characters. The play is very good, with Nicholas Cage working in the lead, and getting A-class support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; which again orders the screen with its top command. It should be said that the second half of the film is not as gripping as the first, but Red Rock West is definitely not boring and the way Dahl orchestrates the grand final is excellent because all the central characters are part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a movie you're unlikely to regret. It's exciting all the time, and you can't ask much more than that!
