West London's television and film production company Ealing Studios claims the world's oldest film studio. Although films and television programs have been consistent since the 1930s, it was definitely the golden age between 1948 and 1955. When it produced a series of comedy masterpieces, most Alec Guinness starred. Such famous titles include Whiskey Galore! (1949), 'Passport to Pimlico (1949)', 'Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949)', 'The Lavender Hill Mob (1951)', 'The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)' and 'The Ladykillers (1955). "One of Ealing Studio's most beloved films, The Man in the White Suit, was released in 1951 and has Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor designing a remarkable fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies than friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unabated, but he has scientific talent in abundance. Because of his under-qualification, the only job opportunities he can get as an officer or worker at any of the big textile factories where he secretly undertakes his own experiments is to use his own money and equipment from the company. After coming out and exhausted many times, Sidney is convinced that he is just weeks away from a major scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. As his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood) encouraged, Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker), the textile maker, has a keen interest in Sidney's exploitation. He agrees to fund any further work. After numerous unsuccessful attempts and quite a few earth-spreading explosions, Sidney finally unveils his wonderful creation: an almost light white fabric that never gets dirty and never carries. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thought his invention would make him a hero, he was very disappointed. The almighty bases of the textile industry, led by the bad Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), unite to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which can completely kill their businesses, never goes into full-scale production. Likewise, humble laborers in the workers' union of Sidney's creation hear it and fear it out of existence, and fear for their work. However, the inventor is convinced that perpetual dust will bring many people relief and happiness and refuse to give to others, despite being threatened with violence and offering ied 250,000 in compensation. In all his troubles of making his invention known to the media, just one person Sidney offers her full sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter Daphne, who is engaged to marry someone else, but in any case falls in love with Sidney's destiny. <br /> <The white suit man is a clever and hilarious comedy. He has been magnified by a spectacular writing (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a peculiar and charismatic performance of an indifferent Alec Guinness. There are also some good penalties on capitalism and how big industry can keep progress for the sake of their own monetary situation, although we can certainly see the arguments for both sides of the debate.
