Sidney Stratton is an eccentric inventor who doesn't get the chance to thrive on his inventions. He is often a comedy, The Man In The White Suit is much more than a place to visit here and there. <br /> <br /> The world because no one noticed him, he is simply the strange ball, strange workman of the place as it was. After hacking his way to the Birnley textile factory, he used their lab to reach his goal of developing a substance that not only runs out, but should never be cleaned! He is initially proclaimed a genius, and those who initially ignored him suddenly need a huge amount of him, but then the dead of a industry that goes brushing, his head and praise quickly turn into something much more terrifying . <br /> Yes, the movie is very funny, but some screens are vapor-friendly, but it's the satirical edge of the movie that elevates it above my ordinary. The contradictions about the advent of technology are an important theme here, do we want to make inventions that make us happy while closing industry? You just have to see what happened to the British coal industry to know what I'm about. The decade that the film was made is an important point to note that making nuclear weapons has become more than just hearsay, science was developing terribly new relationships. You look at this movie and see the rapid turnaround of events for the chief executive Stanley, from hero to enemy in one dirt swoop, a victim of his own quest for better humanity! It's so dark that The Man In The Black Suit movie. <br /> <br /> I can't honestly find anything wrong with this movie, the writings of Roger MacDougall, John Dighton, and director Alex Mackendrick can be filmed today and it won't be in place. is the sharpness and thought of mind that it has. The sound and the setting are great, the direction is seamless, with the tonal shift that Mackendrick handles properly. Some of the scenes are just wonderful, especially tire straps on the strings and bring a certain scene into David Lynch's Elephant Man about 29 years later, and yet, after such a decrease of events, the film can still be a wink As the genius Alec Guinness gets, the movie includes not only the viewers about Stanley's future but also the rest of us in this fast-paced world. <br /> <br /> A timeless masterpiece, thematic and as artwork, 10/10.
