In my mind is the best of the Ealing comedies and one of my favorite movies of all time. The theme of workers against management (with many talks on trade unions and rights) may be the movie now, as it is no longer a subject that is so much discussed, but it does not stop that "White Suit" is a classic show . . <br /> <br /> The plot, about a man trying to create a revolutionary new substance that ultimately interferes with the textile industry, does not sound exciting when it is written down, but the movie retains that essential spark of fantasy mixed with the reality that portrays it as a true Ealing comedy. The dust repels dirt and can never pull out! The second-half titular white suit worn by Alec Guinness becomes the centerpiece of several iconic images and rows, as Guinness can use his indestructible wire to scale a bare wall! The writing itself is full of dry white - "Is it good?" "Yes." "Sorry." - and characterization is first rate. I'm also always amazed at the wonderful direction in these movies. Comedies of later eras would take a "show the camera to the actors and let it roll" mentality, but the Ealing movies always tried to try interesting lighting and corners and innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is the role of the material in thousands of heights. Alec Guinness gives a fantastic understated performance, with eyes that bring wonder, joy and crushing defeat when the story demands it. Stratton is a man who is unaware of everything except his work. Such a distinctive character could quickly have been boring or annoying, but Guinness made it so easy that the finale of the film caused a real sense of urgency, as Stratton tried to get up in a world that wants to bury everything. He's ever worked. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is an absolute pleasure to see as usual, like Cecil Parker and smart Michael Gough; Everyone gets laughed, without even trying. It is comical British understatement at its best. <br /> <br /> "The man in the white suit" is 81 minutes of sheer shine, with a great plot, huge cast, sparkling and healthy puppets of cynicism. Absolutely top notch.
