One of the things that makes this Ealing comedy so shameful is the clever editing. Shots that are considered absolutely essential for most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (That's what is known as British repression.) <br /> <br /> Three cases: A comic is edited as follows. Alec Guiness invented a new cloth that will destroy the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invited him to their office to try and sign a contract that puts his control over the fabric so that production can be suppressed. When he sailed, Guiness stood up and turned to the door. Two men are closing their way. "Excuse me," he said quietly, a step forward. The two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is sitting outside at her desk. There is silence until the recorder starts to signal her franties. She picked up her notebook and opened the door to the interior where an adult noisy Donnybrook was running and the room was half destroyed. Guiness knocks out the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example will be unthinkable today. In the investigation phase of his invention, Guiness sets up an extensive chemical device, but instead of converting the experimental fluid into the new cloth, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The lab is cleared of all other work. The storms continue. Ceilings fall off. Windows was blown out. The director of research is sitting at his desk in a small office with rubbish, a mortgage on his head. When the door opens behind him, he jumps a foot into the air. "Sit," he tells his visitor, "there is another one thanks." It's incredibly amusing - and there's no single shot of any explosion. It would now be unthinkable without a fireball, and perhaps a building would collapse in slow motion. <br /> <br /> The latest example, consisting of a series of fast, relentless tracks, compiled exactly. Guiness is pursued and sought in the lobby of an office building by people who want him to sign the contract. Faced with two men to grapple with him, Guiness lights up with a determined expression. He knocks on a pedestal with an iron breast on it. The brush falls backwards and bumps against the wall. There is a shot that holds about one second of the chest hitting the wall. Another short shot of a metal screen hangs over the chest that is released and falls. Quick cut to Guiness's head that rises in the frame. Cut into the two men staring into the camera, while horrible copper bumps and sound sounds are heard from the screen. Cut to Guiness flat on his back. No one today has the cojones NOT to show that Guiness is crowned by that shield. <br /> <br /> I won't continue with that. It's a comedy, but a pretty bitter one among all the hilarity. In solving one set of problems, Guiness has created dozens of others. He is opposed to both management and labor, and it is not shown to great advantage. And of course, the economic implications have to do with more than cloth. "What about that car running on the water with a pinch of something in it?" ask one of the workers. "Ordinary interests," says another worker, as Thorstein Veblen nodded in his grave. What will happen if we solve energy problems overnight? If I own Exxon shares - and I think I do - I'll move on to the thought. Where will the oil industry be if no more oil is needed? For the case, where would the police force and the FBI be if crime suddenly disappeared? It is a thoughtful and very amusing movie, excellently directed and edited. The roster of artists is random. Joanne Greenwood with that crying voice. The shining Cecil Parker. The hazy Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A first-rate work everywhere.
