THE MAN IN THE WHITE SUIT, as I am the right thing, takes a dull view of labor and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but an eccentric one (he has never achieved his university degree because of a ... college laboratory accident). He manages himself in various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film starts, he is in Michael Gough's company, and Gough (at an unforgettable moment) tries to impress his impressive father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him the shipping company he manages. Having lunch with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough gets a message about problems with the lab's unexpected big budget problems. He reads the big issues (because of Guinness's experiments) and chews on his coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness joins Parker's firm and repeats the same tricks he has done with Gough - but Parker also discovers it. Greenwood discovered what Guinness was working on, and convinced Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently figured out how to make an artificial fiber that can constantly change the electronic bonds within the molecular structure so that the fiber remains intact for all purposes. Any textile made from it will never fade, get dirty or be thrown out. It will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness has support for a female shopkeeper, but not her head. He sees Guinness as sold out to the rich. But when he explained to them what he had done, they turned against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, they will not need new clothes! Soon, Parker's co-textile tycoons (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a wonderful show, and Howard Marion-Crawford) are equally panicked by what their businesses can end. They try to suppress the invention. With just Greenwood in his corner (although Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness tries to get the news of his discovery to the public. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness is defeated by science and greed. . But he ends the film to see the mistake in his calculations, and we think he can still draw his discovery one day. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for suppression valid? At one stage the problems of fabric manufacturing are shown (you need to heat the wires to a high temperature to actually unite the ends of the fabric. There is nothing to show that the fabric will stretch when the owner gets fat (or contract if the owner becomes thin.) Are we of the opinion that people only want one set of clothes forever? What happened to fashion changes and new styles, and the cloth is made in white only (make Guinness like a white knight. We are told that color paints should be added earlier in the process. Wouldn't that affect the chemical reactions that maintain the structure of the fabric? <br /> <br /> Even if it isn't A science paper, but a film about the hypocrisy of labor and capital in the modern industry, as such, is brilliant, but the questions I mention concern me with the validity of the suppression of Guinness's invention
