"Liberation" is an example of what wonderful movies came from the 70s. While your jaw drops during a "Terminator" movie, are you really holy? I don't think so, because you're there to see which new CGIs are merged. Plot doesn't matter. <br /> <br /> So many daily situations can't be terrified, because there are so many people involved in daily life - like a trip to the market ..... or a step in a light street. "Liberation" is so frightening, because those innocent acts can turn deadly into a heartbeat. To dare in the backwoods is a fool in fun? Anyone who has that idea does not read the newspapers, does not look at the daily news, nor does he see the other movies that portray the seriousness of "offenses" in areas where outsiders are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the prepackage on "Salvation" did not nearly tell everyone to see it, it was not a picnic, and "squeal like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <br /> I hate the term "hillbillies" because - as some "users" wrote - this is the whole region of people who are very happy to live as they know how - without the interference of the modern life, demeans. Many are made of "vaccinated" - it is not sexuality peculiar to the backwood. "Chinatown" we must learn that lesson. However, city skippers are extremely stupid to enter a closed society and give their attitude. I know many "hillbillies" - they are moral people when they leave. Their "righteousness" can be brutal if they are threatened or humiliated, just like the "righteousness" in city streets. They do not need a part of the city - the city needs to take its canoeing and camping to legal sites. <br /> <br /> "Liberation" was the last movie I found Jon Voight to do any real play - I hope I'm wrong. He was very underpaid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown, but showed that he could do that role at the drop of a hat. His performance in "Liberation" was excellent. This gave us a clear demonstration, ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who wants to be thought of as 'ordinary' today? His cut sob at the dinner was brilliant. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! One has to ask what led him into the other sticky movies? His masculinity, though deceptive, in this film sets the pace for the endurance needed to make it out of the desert - not just in the backwood, but in the desert of everyday life. Ned Beatty was a star - his underwear might not have been 'Versace', but his shell work was perfect. As noted, he gets stronger than any of the groups at the end of the movie. Ronny Cox played the moral man - everyone must have his determination to do what is right. Several "users" had the theory that he was shot or lost his balance when he got up in the river. My theory is that he was so disgusting for the whole journey, he committed suicide. No shooting was heard at the scene, and Voight and Beatty did not find a wound. <br /> <br /> James Dicey certainly knows how to weave an exciting story and was wonderful as a sheriff - it was said he was so scared of acting he got drunk every day. His character could see that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but also knew they had no chance of a local jury, no matter how friendly they were in Aintry. He was also aware that the common of the residents could be cruel. Justice? - "Don't come here again". Not many "users" knew "hillbillies" were used in the movie where it was possible - which actors could portray them better? The "mountain men" were actually mountain men ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie was perfect - it was undoubtedly dangerous to play. Play in? Better "fight-for-your-life". I experienced some near dangerous incidents, and am happy to live outside the dress. Your parents who feel angry with your masculinity can have my part. <br /> <br /> We have absolutely murdered - and continue to do so - irreplaceable areas of this country unmistakably. To see its grandeur on any media is encouraging, but it does make a bitter taste to realize that some don't care. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is built right in the areas of wildlife, and firmly believes that people come before animals. These are their rightful habitats - we just have to leave them. Any wonder why coyote and bears and wolves are wandering in neighborhoods? They are of them. <br /> <br /> In a less threatening way, we all have to learn the lessons learned from "Liberation". To understand our progress technically does not lead to rule. I thank all the city-goers who went out in the desert to produce these modern classics so that it can scare me away from the shit when I see it. You can have the thrill of the danger - I'll stay with the TV. 30-out-of-10.
