Liberation is John Boorman's 1972 horror / thriller film about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox), who undertake a canoe trip under the Cahulawassee River before the river crashes be. Along the way a raft (no pun) happens to unpleasant things with the men. Despite the nasty events in this picture, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river beautifully. The location is really well chosen. Indeed, this would be another great movie to watch, as the canoe trip went smoothly. The lush forests and soft landscape just make the horror more horrible. Not only is the location picturesque but also beautifully shot, thanks to the cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. It was said that Burt Reynolds' acting as the outside man, Lewis, is the starring role in this film. However, I believe Jon Voight steals the show with his role as the suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his attitude to survive. In fact, the scene in which the cliff climbed was not a stuntman. It was Voight itself. To cut costs, filming wasn't assured and the actors did their own stunts. The soundtrack is especially noticeable. Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel's performances on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos series remain one of the finest pieces of soundtrack in the history of the cinema for the sheer intensity of its performance. On some other points in the movie we are treated to more softer banjo music which offers a very pleasant accompaniment to the river trip. For all the good points of this movie, I found this to be a little goal. It does not build tension very well and it is not really as horrible as we had to believe. The plot itself is somewhat poor and it really doesn't go completely. Yet this movie has enough good points to get my recommendation. I enjoyed it, but for the fans of Gore, there isn't really much of it. Not really. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that gets a little sour. Think of it like Rambo: First blood meets three men in a boat. Watch out for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I like this movie, the soundtrack, cinematography and acting it deserves a well deserved 7 out of 10.
