When a movie shocks you with its disturbing, disturbing atmosphere, and with the beautiful cinematography grabbing your throat, you just know you stumbled upon a surprise, masterpiece of a movie. Although with most modern movies, being very enjoyable as some are, those who really shock you are the strongest, and those who are most critical and mostly stay with you for a lifetime. I am proud to say that I am a fan of movies that not only store horror movies, but also those who drop a vibe with love. Movies like Breakdown and The Missing, which cools your spine, make you think "sacred crap, which can happen to me" and visually seduce you, with some of my favorite aspects in a movie. Being only 21, I didn't grow up with actors such as Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I'm familiar with them, I didn't see them grow and act as actors, unlike actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I need to testify to the long hype and for the first time Liberation. I was so admired by these veteran actors in a movie made more than 30 years ago and still live in the competition on modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the macho-self-appointed leader of a group of four friends on a canoe trip to a fictional river before a dam is made, filling the entire wilderness in water. Renyolds character is an experienced adventurer, kind of nonsense, and filled with machismo. To testify to him, suggest the difficult man, thought of me as an actor of him, since I only saw him as a cunning old man or an evil politician. The dialogue the director determines for his character gives him enough evil to be proven as a strong and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as the beginner adventurers, respectively, Drew and Bob, the opportunity to do a canoeing trip. The actor I thoroughly enjoyed was Jon Voight, I once saw him as an older actor. Unlike Renyolds, I liked Voight's scene (and I don't see Anaconda when I say it), for example, the national treasure movies. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, is experiencing adventure, but is seen as a more reserved character, a reluctant hero / leader and definitely does Lewis's machismo. The movie is basically open with the four riding in a small town, asking to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river while they cancels the rapids and camp along the river. You immediately get a creepy vibe of the mountain car characters we are introduced to, such as the infant child playing the infamous "Dueling Banjo's" at the start of the movie with Ronny Cox's character Drew; And more so, the two mountain men in the movie, turning and wasteful rape zone. As with all atmospheric films, from this moment the characters as well as the audience fear and confusion, and here we see the characters changing shape and shape. The canoe trip that follows is shot diagonally and from here the men are fighting against both human and nature's chances of survival. The film's films do not stop, and I make it back with the scene in which Ed is fighting one of the rapists with a compound bow. As Ed fell to one of his arrows and noticed that his enemy was approaching him, he dropped his gun just to shoot the floor as he fell with an arrow in his neck; was probably the biggest piece of cinematic shooting I saw in a movie. In the package, Deliverance is a film whose fears and atmosphere are over and until now remains one of the best films in film history.
