It is one of the greatest films ever made. It's an all-time classic. Ned Beatty's character undergoes one of the greatest screen transformations ever portrayed. He is a level, almost useless, overweight insurance seller. He is proud of his ignorance, and yet he judges the "poop" to be the ignorant. When he complements the old man on his hat, and the old man responds, "you know nothing", "the tone is fixed. It is true. He really knows nothing." But one backlash later, the man is virtually " n fighter. His level of false bravery was fixed in a serious solution. The old man is dead forever, leaving in some distance from the forest, which will soon be water under hundreds of feet. And what about Lewis, our fearless guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he is just about nuts. Burt Reynolds proved himself as an actor in this film in 1972, and has completely given him this wonderful role. Who doesn't want a friend like Lewis if someone is left in the dangers of a forgotten / soon-to-be, like the one our unfortunate traveler finds himself. In this movie we talk about so many levels. The story really feels. It works as a complete action / adventure, with wonderful cinematography, and deliberate, milling pacing. It works as a bit of a horror movie, with the danger and almost surrealism of meeting the dirty rednecks who object their "saw" Ned Beatty. But it also works as an art film, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey truths to our core. I've seen this movie at least fifty times, and every time it comes, I find I have to see it. You have to look it a few times to understand it. This is a deep film. This is a well-recorded film. And this is one hell of a story. I gave it 10 out of 10 and that in my 10 best movies ever made, along with Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver, and Sling Blade, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you than to think. Movies that use a story to make their point without preaching to you. If you think you know the salvation, you may, but again, you may not. It's really that good.
