Liberation is a beautiful thriller, every bit as exciting as a good thriller has to aspire to, but also terribly frightening. Although it's not a horror movie, it's just as scary as any classic horror movie. The notion that he is a normal red-blooded man enjoying an adventurous mile of any form of civilization captured and sodomized by some violent hills is surely the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population. It would have been easy for liberation to slip into the mining area, but John Boorman cleverly avoided the temptation to enforce such a route and made a film exploring the meaning of masculinity and asking questions. With so many movies you come to heaven that you could enter into hell's shoes, do heroic deeds and save the day and get the girl .... but with salvation you come to pray to God that you never will have to experience what these four protagonists are about. <br /> <br /> Four urban guys - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) wilderness to spend a few days soon damming river can descend. The guys ride the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby accidentally get a little too far ahead of the others, so they pull in the river and wait for their pals in the adjacent forest. Here they fall dirty from two local woodcutters (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), who bind Ed to a tree, while one of them offends Bobby and instructs perversion to squeal him like a pig. Lewis and Drew are invisible and Lewis, who is a fair archer, kills the rapist while the other hill gets a hasty retreat in the forest. Under great emotional stress, the four canoeists decide to hide and escape the opportunity. But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate, as their downstream stream increases the risk for their lives as the surviving billy is returning to take them with the gun of an unseen viewpoint on the rocky rocks along the river. <Br /> <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a survival story, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study of macho attitudes torn apart and left in humiliated tatters. Although all the performances are remarkable, particular attention must be paid to Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would put down. The movie is much the same as the theme for the 1971 movie Straw Dogs. Both films deal with scary sexual violence in separate places. In both the ultimate violent revenge supplemented by the victim, it does not lead to satisfaction. The backdrop of the rugged countryside in Salvation is beautiful to look at, but it also increases the tension by placing the four canoes in an environment where they are the grace of the hills and the landscape, with no one to touch others other than themselves to trust. . This is really exciting movie-making at its best.
