You can set up a version of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol" with dolls and I will probably see it. Since I was a child, it was one of my favorite stories. Perhaps it is the idea that there is good in everyone, and therefore no one is more than salvation, but it makes me a profession. But for whatever reason, I miss the opportunity to see one of the many screen adaptations of these timeless classics when on TV, as it is inevitably this time of year. <br /> <br /> What this version really stands out for is the gloomy gravitas that bring the role into their respective roles. Lines we've heard in the past take a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more real and credible in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is to his perpetual recognition that instead of sleeping through this often-depicted role of Scrooge, he instead gave it a fresh interpretation that I believe was one of his best performances ever. He wisely did not embark on a British accent, but delivered his lines in the famous gruesome voice. His Scrooge is not only a fiery old man (as he is often portrayed), but a man who has a great rage against the world. While in turn visited by each of the Three Spirits, we understand how this anger grew rooted and eventually strangled its soul. As he is forced to revise his life, we see him alternately soften, and then fall back into relentless stubbornness. And in the great dramatic scene when he kneels and cries in his own grave, he begs mercy as he attempts to convince the third spirit of his remorse and the desire to change his life we ​​see a man who has completely broken and brought his knees are literally and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge completely credible and painful. <br /> <br /> Impressive as Scott's performance is, the supporting actor's ensemble contributes significantly to the dark beauty of this version. Scrooge's cousin Fred Holywell is an excellent example of this. He is often portrayed as a sweet buffoon. Here he is played by Roger Rees with an emotional intensity lacking in earlier depictions. When he invokes Scrooge, "I don't ask you anything. I don't want anything from you. Why can't we be friends?", We don't just see his frustration, but his pain at Scrooge's self-imposed separation from his only living family member. It's a moving show, and one of the movie's most dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> Even more wonderful is the performance of the wonderful English actor Frank Finlay as Scrooge's later partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a low point in the movie, simply because it is difficult to convict a dead man convincingly and the results are usually just stupid (ooooh, look, it's a scary ghost .......!) In this version it might be the most resounding scene in the whole movie. Marley's entrance, as the locks on the door of Scrooge's own door open, and the sound of chains hung through the house, is wonderfully creepy. But Finlay's Marley is not ethereal. He is a tortured soul, which inspires both horror and regret. Marley can be a ghost, but his anger and regret over a life wasted on the pursuit of wealth, and his despair until she realizes that his sins are now out of correction is still very human. As depicted by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the fiery Scrooge will be shaken by this nightmare performance. Finlay really steals the scene here, something that is not easy to do when you are opposite George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it just goes on and on, one remarkable achievement to the other, which you seem to "enjoy this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remember him from the Equalizer?) Is alternately jovial and threatening as the Christmas Ghost. When he delivers the famous line, it may well be that in the eyes of Heaven you are more worthless and less fit to live than MILLIONS like this poor man's child. He is no longer a lot of Santa Claus surrogate, but a retiring angel who gives Scrooge a much needed verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is a wonderful tart tongued maid. Cratchit, and David Warner bring wonderful depth to the long suffering. Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life with the triple crosses of poverty, a sick child, and an insatiable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and sometimes his fatigue, in the face of unbearable circumstances. Later, in the scene in which Scrooge is shown by the Ghost of Christmas, but coming to the Cratchit family after the death of Tiny Tim, Warner's performance, while barely speaking a word, will move you to tears.
