'Liberation' is a brilliantly shortened epic of a group of thoroughly modern men who start a canoe trip to communicate briefly with nature and instead have to fight for their common sense, their lives and perhaps even their souls. The movie is well-aged. Despite being made in the early seventies, it certainly doesn't look very dated. It still has a visceral punch and iconic status as a dramatic post-'Death of the Sixties' philosophical and cultural shock vehicle. There are very few movies with similar concepts that can compare favorably, although the legendary Sam Peckinpah's stuff should be there. Yes, there is a considerable debate and discussion about the film's most confrontational scene (which I'm not expanding here) - and undoubtedly one of the most confrontational scenes in the entire movie media history - but what surprises about this movie are how It is painfully beautiful sometimes. It seems to be generally overlooked. The cinematography that captures the essence of the vanished, fragile river wilderness is often absolutely stunning, and it compensates for the film, as we are immersing viewers - along with the characters themselves - in an inexorable nightmare in a moment of short madness. "The story of salvation is delicate and cunning, and it is surprising how quickly events unfold from the point of establishment to crisis and aftermath. It all takes place very quickly, giving a feeling of very real urgency to the film. The institution is effectively established through the opening credits. The characters are all well-signed despite limited time spent on the story. We only know enough of them to know them for the kind of man they are, like them and eventually fear them when everything goes to hell. The conflict and violence in the movie seems to break out of nowhere, with a frightening lack of logic. This is the author of James Dickey - that any prevailing romance about the nature of man's perceived inherent "goodness" can and will only die when his scarce suppressed animal instincts emerge. There are no demons or arcades here. The predator bullies - as the film's central villains - are merely rough, terrifying amoral cousins ​​of our protagonists. They shock because their anger is small and tangible. The movie has no peripheral characters. Everything reflects on the weaknesses and uncertainties of urbanized Homo Sapiens in the last 20th century, and all are very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as the gung-ho and almost deadly over-assured Survivalist Lewis and it is a pity to think he really could not regain his short moment of dramatic glory through the rest of his still-sputtering and down-career (Excluded Boogie Nights, maybe). Trust me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you'll be impressed with his performances here. John Voight is his usual effortless self, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox make both significant contributions. It's just a big quartet of actors. In conclusion, I have to speculate whether and when 'Deliverance' author James Dickey's 'To the White Sea' will be made. For those who enjoyed this movie (?), TTWS is a similar story of a US Air Force pilot's survival battle after being shot over the Japanese continent during World War II. This is more of the typical pale existentialism and jungle that Dickey's brand is, but it has all been the work of a truly spectacular, poetic cinematic experience. There, the proposal a few years ago that the Coen brothers might have been able to manufacture it, but it did not come to anything. Being an avid Coen-o-phile makes it impossible for me to think what could have been if they got the green light on TTWS, rather than their last few relatively undisputed attempts. Returning to 'liberation', it is impossible to think that a movie of such honest, ominous brutality is being made at these times, and it is very shy. We, the cinema audience, are already poorer for this.
