This story is told and recalled and is still reproduced in every possible way. The immortal Charles Dicken's story was recreated in every possible way. I admit that I haven't seen the classic Alistair Sim version and I'm sure one day I will, but I'll be blown away if it even touches this amazing eighty version. I think if Dickens himself made his story for film, it would be. <br /> <br /> The story is well-known, I don't go into much detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A rich, concise, average, old man is visited by the Ghost of his former partner and warned of his common ways. To straighten him out, he is visited by three spirits, each showing him a different perspective of his life and the people he is involved with in the past, present and future. Eventually he saw it all in front of him. He realized the mistakes of his ways in a big way and tried to retaliate for all the mistakes he made. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely unmistakable for this role. He holds the Ebeneezer Scrooge roll and makes it his own and creates an incredible character. He is not only an average old man, but someone who has been created by certain situations in his life that has made him bitter and angry with the world. There is compassion in him, but he keeps it under everything else and is very involved. Scott plays the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only does the lead play this movie, but all the others fit into place. This is a great epic of Victorian England. Dickens England is recreated before our eyes, the images and the sounds and you can almost feel the breeze in your face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could see this movie on dumb and shine through the scenery. It's not spectacular scenery, but it's really. The film takes us from the high-class traders market to the very poverty of poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the role-play matches their roles and brings their literary peers to life. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family including and especially the young Tiny Tim played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. The Spirits each have their own distinct personality and have contributed to the dark mood of this story. A Christmas Carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in England's life and this is one of the few Christmas stories that are really dark, almost scary, and it must be scary for a man who has been in an accident for so many years , too scared to turn. round. The dark sense of the story is captured in this movie and is really scary and yet the end lifts up your spirits and captures Christmas miracles. The score to this movie is also something to mention, as it is epic and great and beautiful to listen to whether it's the actual score or the Christmas music, everything fits together. Apparently, Christmas movies are my favorite because I insist that everyone sees Carol over all others this Christmas. 10/10
