Marie: You're smooth. Then: No, I'm not at all. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are something like me, it's smooth and single. You see someone you want hardly enough as it can be, and you want to say something, but you don't. Or maybe you say something, but it may end up the least intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. More often than not, you stare from afar and admire without dealing with what is most common, is the only way to get anywhere? a risk. You can't blame a guy because you're a little scared. Maybe he's been burned before or maybe he's trying to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, some not, and everyone can be interpreted as excuses rather than reason. You tell yourself that you don't need it, or it's not the right time for you, but you still want it to happen. In any way you break it down, it's not easy. Sounds familiar? If you thought, yes, just a little, then there is a must see in REAL LIFE, the new comedy by director Peter Hedges. It will reach you inside and somehow you can both break and warm your heart. <br /> <br /> The title of the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a column of advice admired for his insight. to live a balanced, fulfilling and morally constructive life. Four years or so before the movie starts to wake up on Dan, he lost his wife and love for his life. Then Dan was left to collect their three daughters alone. Focusing between this and his career, finding love was not one of Dan's priorities again. And so he became more functional than feeling. Then it is no longer the power of intimacy, but no longer knows what it means to be close to someone and thanked it for never knowing it again. This is until he meets in a book Marie (Juliette Binoche) and tackles a quiet morning shop in Connecticut. Their interaction is comfortable, comfortable and it captures both of them. There is actually only one problem. She already sees someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, that person is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family came to their parents' mansion for their annual visit and Dan must spend the weekend now and long for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie this morning. It only takes an hour or so, but it just took so long to wake up Dan's heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to go with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are driving), DAN In real life drifts from time to time wider from its greater purpose. While the cyclone of children and parents and aunts and uncles are immediately trying for Dan, Hedges uses it unnecessarily as a means of distracting, assuming it will ultimately be for a more complete movie. Fortunately, Hedges has Carell to bear the heavy burden. It's a pleasure to see Steve Carell come in his own more and more, with every photo he makes (despite the occasional EVAN ALMIGHTY size slip). He is charismatic, charming and of course a keen humorous. If so, he is also self-defense, uncomfortable and scared. Carell is the rare comedian who pushes himself to find character in his roles rather than relying only on his comical instincts and established persona. Perhaps more importantly, he is completely related to Dan. Whether he falls into the washroom, where he falls as the only single adult at this reunion or fidgeting around the kitchen, is unable to stand still in his anxiety, then every man who is not even sure is of himself and feels alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that at the same time he becomes the heart of the film itself. <br /> <br /> I wondered after watching the movie if I enjoyed it so much, despite its slight shortcomings (Juliette Binoche ?? I know you might want to relieve it from time to time but I recommend It doesn't matter if there is chocolate involved, because I'm in my life, would anyone find someone else so much meaning and comfort from this movie, I can't say what I can say, as someone who knows what it means being lonely, knowing in real life what it means to be surprised by life and love and how these moments and people should be valued and cherished, as well as knowing that anyone on any given day or month somehow it should be reminded that surprises are still happening.
