Superb trashy and wonderfully unpretentious 80's exploitation, whore! The prelude sequences give the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and sad drama, but you don't have to be scared, because barely ten minutes later we are at our necks in indifferent chain saws, rough fist fights, furious dialogues and free neck! Bo and Ingrid are two orphan brothers and sisters with an unusually close and even slightly twisted relationship. Can you imagine jerking the towel out of your sister's naked body and then staring at her uncut genitals for a few minutes? Well, Bo does this to his sister and, according to her bought laughter, she doesn't judge at all. Sick, guy! Anyway, as kids, they fled with their parents from Russia, but nasty soldiers brutally slaughtered mum and dad. However, a friendly smuggling arrested them and even educated Bo and Ingrid in skilled smugglers. When the actual plot lights, 20 years later, they are challenged with their ultimate quest, as the mythical and incredibly valuable White Fire diamond happens to be found in a mine. Very few things in life have ever made as little sense as the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it is definitely fun to watch. Most of the time you have no idea who is who or for what reason (and I bet the actors understood it), but whatever! The violence is wonderfully grotesque and every plot turn is pleasantly delayed. The writing goes completely bonkers out of recovery when suddenly ?? And I won't reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson enters the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his thin black fingers over local prostitutes. Bo's main opponent is an Italian chick with big breasts, but an ominous accent. The preliminary but catchy theme song plays at least a dozen times throughout the film. There is the mandatory "we-fall-in-love" montage and many other attractions! My God, what a brilliant experience. The original French title translates him as 'Life to survive', which is uniquely suited because it makes as much sense as the rest of the movie: None!
