What can you say about the movie White Fire. Amazing? Fantastic? Upsetting? Hilarious? These words aren't big enough to describe the event described by White Fire. From wobble, curly begin to deep end, this movie will entertain throughout. <br /> <br /> Our movie starts somewhere in the forest of a country. A family hide away from unmarked soldiers in costume suits. When the mother's father and their child divorce, you get a real sense of what kind of movie you are going to watch. Father makes sure he rolls hills into his entire white outfit and he is polite because he gets people's attention before he shoots them, but dad is burned alive in what looks like a very uncontrolled, unsafe stunt. Meanwhile, mother and kids walked down a beach with an armed soldier, about 5 feet behind them. He also gives a strict warning for action in the form of a bizarre "HALT!", And then wastes the mother quickly. This action series features the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So now we're progressing about 20 years (30 if you're honest about the hero's age) to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred have settled as professional thieves, or diamond prospectors, or something. Ingred works at a diamond mine where she helps herself to the goods, while Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) drives his denim outfits around the desert. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They have no friends other than each other, and they spend all their time together. This, together with the fact that Bo expressed his wish to sleep with his sister, as evidenced by lines like "you know it's a pity you are my sister", he says to her while she is naked, make for a lot dynamic duo. Upper is then crushed when Ingrid is killed while walking the beaches of Turkey with his ceremonial pink raw scarf. A renewal of hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid, and gives her plastic surgery around her like Ingrid. It opens the door to Bo to have sex with his sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a true fan of ethical gray areas, and he is pleased with his new love. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there are lots of fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great acting, impossible to follow plot lines, Fred "the hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a big piece dirty ice which is supposed to be a giant diamond (which later explodes). All these things are great, but the Bo and Ingrid relationship is what makes this movie special ... very special. That's why I encourage everyone to see the majesty of White Fire. You may be glad you did .. or not.
