the government he fought to establish to acknowledge his loyalty with a promised and much needed pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a lovely ode to anyone who, like the Colonel, suffers from the abuse of a cynical and hardened society that strengthens him by denying his citizens the means of living with dignity and purpose. Contrary to the absurdity of the guard for godot, the colonel's wait for the arrival of his pension gives hope and meaning to his miserable life. Two things in the movie drive the colonel being masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; The hope that his military pension will one day arrive, and the knowledge that his son, Agustin, has died for a noble cause, another reason than a drunken forklift on a feast. Can't realize the former and be forced to prove the latter, but the colonel does the only thing he can do. He raises his son's fight. The cock is now the fighter who can bring fortune and justice to the colonel and his asthma wife, but his battle ring is that of the murderer of his former owner, Agustin. In a tense scene of confrontation between Colonel and Nogales, his son's killer, the colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money to equal the colonel's full pension. But this is blood money; hush money designed to hide the fact that those in power hid their backs on the one who fought for their political ideals and hid the world that the soldier's colonel's son was murdered because he wrote for a underground paper that benefits labor rights unions and the ordinary man. With the highest dignity, Colonel rejects Nogales's offer, picking up his battlefield and stepping away as noble as his old legs can carry. As soon as he is home, Dona Lola, his crook, wants to know why the colonel refused the money if they were both hungry. In response to her ongoing question, "What are we going to eat until November (when the cockpit season starts)", the colonel responds, "Shit." Outburst is what the poor and the rapists have eaten their lives and outburst is a meal the colonel is prepared to eat with dignity, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel is waiting as the only man of honor and valor in a world without principles.
