After buying a variety of seemingly immature movies bought on DVDs, I figured out that the time was right for some serious drama and who's better than Sam Mendes? For a number of reasons, "American Beauty" doesn't make me as much like this movie as the darkest thing Tom Hanks ever did and probably one of the most underrated movies of the past decade. Because it's not a simple gangster story that originated from its original graphic origin and is easy to see. And despite my usual allergy to any movie with Tom Hanks's name on it (still can't watch "Big" without kicking a cat), I'm glad I tried it because it's one of those movies you will kick yourself if you miss it. <br /> <br /> Normally squeaky-clean Hanks play Michael Sullivan, a dedicated family man and father of two boys who grew up during the Prohibition early in the 1930s. He is also a professional hit for boss John Rooney (Paul Newman), but managed to keep his job a secret from his sons. But after his elders (Tyler Hoechlin) witnesses his father involved in a gang murder, the two are being forced to go while John tries to clean up the case. Father and son will soon be left to Chicago where a co-hit (a threatening Jude Law) awaits them. <br /> <br /> On the face of it, it reads like a pretty standard gangster movie, but if I said, it's not really about gangsters. It's about the relationship between a father and a son who are thrown together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks are (* grit teeth *) beautiful like the tortured man who finds out that everything has its price and little Hoechlin is also good as Sullivan's son. In all honesty, there is no single performance that can make me worse than the other - the throw is almost flawless. Like cinematography and costumes (and it doesn't often cost costumes!) That rebuilds the 30's with a beautiful effect. There was so much trouble getting everything right and it paid in spades. It can easily have looked rubbish - they admit that the early 30's was hard to put down - but it doesn't deserve it and it doesn't earn any credit. Chicago looks particularly fantastic, with hundreds of naughty cars from the era and full of monochrome suits and hats. Real time travel, even if a small CGI is needed. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, which presents a human face that is often seen as a stereotypical genre of movie cork. The law is surprisingly threatening as the almost mechanical killer Maguire proves you shouldn't be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play a gunman. The film is definitely noir-ish, management rains and unobstructed warehouses dominated, but at least violence and murder are seen as an emotional and psychological impact on those who commit and those who see such acts. The whole thing is tempting from a past age and previous movies, but it wipes away the old and refreshes with a modern story of salvation amidst the Tommy Gun shootouts and extortion rockets. It can feel a bit slower in places, especially if you are used to masses of rifles in movies like most modern audiences (like yours really), but sometimes words can speak harder than actions. Mendes made a fine follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut, a film that is as intelligent as it is beautiful to watch. "Road to Perdition" may not be for everyone's taste, but it is one DVD that I will not soon exchange.
