If I was driven out of the house and into the theater, I could not have been satisfied anymore. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is destined to become one of the best films of all time. Maybe I'm not getting old; Maybe I just saw the same themes that are regularly recycled. But this film is indeed different. <br /> <br /> The story begins with young Michael Sullivan Jr. looking out to sea, considering the duality of his father's legacy - one of the best men ever to live, one of the worst. This duality cuts its way through the movie. The story revolves around crime boss John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man, Rooney, once took over and now serves as his personal "Angel of Death". Rooney is bound by blood to his own son, but tied to love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., intrigued by the stories he reads, steals one night in his father's car while Dad goes to work with Connor Rooney, family business heir. Connor lets the situation go away, and what was just meant to be a warning is being murdered. Michael Jr. it testified. According to the discovery that young Michael saw what he had not seen, the plot was put into effect when clashing loyalty collided. Soon Michael Sr. going on with his young boy, prosecuted by contract killer Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not disclose any further details to avoid any possible spoilers. . However, I strongly encourage viewers to investigate the many dualities that imagine themselves in the movie: Problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney & Connor), between the world at home and the world at "work" between good and evil, between those who pretend to be men of God and those who are real, between "clean" money and "dirty" between the town of worship and worship than hell. And along the way, enjoy the visual glory of the cinematographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for the best cinema): rain from fasoras, shots through mirrors (especially on swing doors), tommy-gun flash from the shadow, absent from any sound. Not only did 75-year-old hall give us the best movie product of his career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman is one of his best shows ever. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I may be old. But I've seen a lot ... and it's fresh and refreshing. The Road to Perdition offers a lasting and loving tribute to the gangster genre, to films of the 40's, to dark comic book figures that are in the dark, villains and heroes of the American movie in general. Go see it!
