I thought of Sam Mendes' first film, the much-spoken American CLEAN was a style-savvy movie, waiting for you to see its highly anticipated second attempt, the relentlessly grim 30's gangster melodrama PAD TO PERDITION. Some critics considered this new film a worthy successor to GODFATHER, a ruling made by several judges, taken with Mr. Mendes' extraordinary technical skill. If the mechanics of making movies that make a picture good, then PAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin for the godfather in terms of what it achieved in cinematography, editing, music and sound. What it doesn't have is a resonance that all the great stories and some very rare movies stay with the viewer long after the experience of reading or seeing it is over. As with American beauty, there is a cold, distant feeling for this movie, despite some very tense scenes of paternal love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This story of a hit (Tom Hanks) and his relationship with a surrogate father - also his boss figure, an elderly Irish mobile leader (Paul Newman), apparently from countless gangster movies of years past hit. The father / son motif hanging over this photo is so heavily indented in the treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; The whole business was very carefully worked, and almost all the dialogue was done with an air of big porters: this is, of course, a gangster movie, hence the required amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost without humor to speak of; only in scenes where a young boy manages a breakaway car in a cunning edited assembly, there is a sense of light heartedness to sour the pervasive sense of punishment. <br /> <br /> That said, I have nothing but the highest praise for the beautiful view of this movie; Indeed, it is not an excess to say that this is one of the most beautiful photographed and designed films I have ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall is likely to win another Oscar for his work. The production sets and costumes are just as exemplary; In fact, the whole movie is a technical wonder. Mendes continues to be amazed at his lively use of color, and he and Mr. Hall is making a very dramatic use of red blood splashing against light-colored walls, increasingly effective and disturbing due to the consideration of blacks, blues and grays that dominate the film's color scheme. <br /> <br /> If I didn't notice the play properly, it's not because the actors didn't obey themselves; Everybody in the movie, with special mention goes to the two malicious bad guys: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the spoiled, impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and an almost unrecognizable Jude Law as a particularly clever miscreant who is looking for Hanks and his son and is very important in the film's second half. But in a movie this lightning plays a backyard to the photographic fireworks displayed here. If a Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt that it would look like PAD TO PERDITION.
