This 1984 version of the Dickens' classic "Carol Carol", led by Clive Donner, died George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. By now, the film maker's challenge was to take such familiar material and make it look fresh and fresh again; And with luck to say, with this film, Donner has not only solved the challenge, but also exceeded any expectations that could fit it. He tells the story with precision and an eye for detail, and extracts performances from his actors who are nothing short of superlative, especially Scott. One can argue that the definitive depiction of Scrooge - one of the best-known characters in literary fiction ever - was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 movie; but I think with his performance here, Scott has now reached the distinction. There is such a purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult to even consider someone else in the role once you have seen Scott; Simply put, he IS Scrooge. And what a tribute it is to such a gifted actor; Taking such a familiar figure and making it so unique is quite wonderful. It is truly a joy to see an actor beat his trade so well, to make such a character, from every word he puts to the best expression of his face, and to make it all so true. This is a study in perfection. <br /> <br /> The other members of the cast are also great, but then they must retain the integrity of Scott's performance. and they do it. Frank Finlay is the Ghost of Jacob Marley; a notable turn, but not as memorable as the one by Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the movie, "Scrooge." Angela Pleasence is a welcome performance as the Spirit of Christmas Past; Edward Woodward, big and boisterous, and totally convincing as the Spirit of Christmas; and Michael Carter, grim and threatening as the Spirit of Christmas. However, David Warner is just getting the right point with his Bob Cratchit. It plays a sincere role in the role that meets the standard of quality set by Scott's Scrooge, and Susannah York is just as good as Mrs. Cratchit. The true jewel found here is the performance of young Anthony Walters and Tiny Tim; It is heartfelt without ever being maudlin, and simply one of the best interpretations - and the most true - ever presented on film. <br /> <br /> The excellent supporting film includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, and also the narrator of the movie), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). A flawless presentation, this version of a Carol Carol, sets the standard to which all others should be measured; No matter how many versions you may have seen, see how this one is like seeing it for the first time. And forever, when you think of Scrooge, the image that pops up your mind will be George C. Scott's. A thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual schedule of the holiday parties of each home. I rate this one 10/10.
