Wow ... I mean WOW it should be one of the best stories I've ever had the chance to read / watch. We all know this well-known story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, will train in the forbidden cursed springs and while they ignore their warnings, they both fall into spring. The father, Genma, the spring of drowning Panda. And 16 year old Ranma, the spring of drowning girl. Now, with every splash, they become cold water in the name of the spring they entered. Crazy enough yet? No, that's the beginning. As if it were one of the strongest teens ever to exist, it doesn't get enough, but Ranma has to deal with crazy martial artists and hundreds of crazy art styles, a mad high school principle, right and left opponents, who have a score to solve with Ranma, It is to clear up their lives in some way or to "steal" their loved ones. And when I talk about loved ones, I've heard how often a boy or girl fell in love with Ranma. And it wasn't even his fiancee, Akane. And that's just the first few chapters / episodes in the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is wonderful. I've never been so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... out of this world and yet it is so earthly and credible ... I can't even fully describe it. It's just a beautiful story that's so easy to get into. What I like about it is the humor. Not once did I laugh at so much of a manga, and it didn't have to try any of the stunts you would catch in Simpson or anything of the sort. I could read any part of the comic and I would laugh from start to finish. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you would think to make him too strong would be a setback, but no ... with every little problem the story throws at him, he does his best to survive half the time and his personality is that of a foolish young boy. looks but if the worst comes the worst, he can be a calculation genius. And to think, of the hundreds of perverts in the show, Ranma who hates the idea of ​​perverts, everyone is seen by everyone in his village, more so by Akane, the worst pervert to ever live. His father, Genma, would you think the father would fix the character in the background? Correct! But when he does have a little spotlight ... he just gives you more reasons to still hate him the same love for him! You think you know the worst father ever of an anime? You didn't meet Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest competitors and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can actually stand. Probably the strongest character in the series, but has two mistakes, one is his curse that makes him pig in a baby, but his worst mistake ... is his lack of sense in the direction! Then we ... you know, I can spend hours at the computer explaining all the characters, the stories, all positive about it, but it will only be senseless. <br /> <br /> Watch the series if you want it now, now! You will not regret it! Although I would be wise to watch the cartoon first. I like the anime, but I had trouble getting the range at a good price. And a little nickel, the humor doesn't look like translating the anime as well as the manga. I think in part because the cartoon looks more to me. But in any way, it's a win win! 10 out of 10!
