Admittedly I only picked up Ranma 1/2 when I was about twelve. I was in the library and was desperately looking for something nice to read. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and saw this book. At my first few reading through the chapters, I don't really know what's going on, but I knew I loved it. I even took it home because another read more. Frankly, I didn't come anywhere. And then, about five months ago (I am 16 now), my friend watched a few anime shows and I remembered this Manga. I couldn't remember what it was called, but remember that writer Rumiko Takahashi was creator of Inu Yasha. I stole it, and then a rash decided to watch all 161 episodes. I was initially thrown away by the 1990 graphics, but it didn't really matter. No anime ever made me laugh and rewind, look again. I watched 45 consecutive episodes once in a day. I don't know how I did it ... but I couldn't stop. Eventually, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed - as crazy as it sounds - to watch Ranma. I never found a series so enjoyable, so funny and so heart-warming to watch. To date, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me happy. Of course, the stone hanger was enough to make me bark, but the series alone was enough to make me read. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSE martial artists. They are so intense that they have gone to the old training grounds in China and become "cursed." The soils were full of different pools, and if you were in one country, you would get the shape of everything drowning when dipped in cold water. For Genma, it was a PANDA, and for Ranma it was a ... girl! This is a very smart fun story. In addition, Genma promised his friend that Ranma would marry one of his daughters to keep the Tendo dojo alive. "Course he adjusts, hates his intestines and his feelings among themselves. Obviously they are starting to keep each other, but both too stubborn to admit it. But .. Genma has a history to do this. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's humorous, heart-warming and all around wonderful.
