First, Edison Chen did a fantastic, credible job as a Cambodian hit. He was born and bred in the spills and a gladiatorial ring, where he cut his craft from wild batteries to survive, to live on the mantra of killing or killing. In a role that had little dialogue, or at least a few rules in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is compelling, probably in the Jet Li vehicle, Danny the Dog, where a man is slaughtered alone to fight, and on someone else's ties. <br /> <br /> Like the Danny dog, the much talked about naked knuckle-line rows are not stylistically choreographed, but rather designed as ordinary, brutal fiction, where everything goes. It probably brought a sense of realism and gravel when you see the characters beating each other's throat, defending their own lives while taking them away from others. It is a grim, fierce and dark film, both literally and figuratively, and this distinguishes it from the usual run of the mill cop gunner production. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a hired rifle from Cambodia, a refugee in Hong Kong, under police force when his bakkie went wrong. The leader is Cheung Siu-Fai, led by Mr. Insp. Ti (Sam Lee), the team's inclusion and acceptance, had to deal with the sins of his father. So start a cat and mouse game in the dark shades and shadows of the sea creature that sees Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on several levels, especially in the character studies of the hit. the policeman. On the opposite side of the law, we do not see black and white within each character, but the shades of gray. With the hit we see his caring when he gets equipped and develops feelings of love for a girl (Pei Pei), which creates a sense of maturity, tenderness and reveals a heart of gold. The policeman, with dubious tactics and attitudes, lets you wonder how one will bow when he is willing to do anything necessary to get the job done. There are many interesting moments of moral interrogation, about how anti-heroism, contemptuous strategies are adopted. You will ask what one makes and what makes an animal, and if we have a tendency to change sides, depending on circumstances, do we have the dark inner stripe in all of us, what change from man to dog and dog? Dog Bite Dog handles you from the beginning and never leaves it to the end, even though there are points in the middle of what looks like, especially at its moments, and it has also suffered not knowing when to end. If I have to choose a favorite scene, then it must be the one in the market food center - very well controlled and delivered, an exciting edge to your seat moment. Also listen to the musical score and you don't dream if you hear puppies. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended, especially if you think you've seen almost everything about the cop thriller genre.
