Despite being far removed from my expectations, I was thoroughly impressed by Dog Bite Dog. I hired to not know but I basically expected it to be a martial arts / action movie in the standard Hong Kong action tradition, of which I am a devoted fan. I finally got something completely different, which is not a bad thing at all. While the film can be classified as such, and there are definitely some good action and hand-held combat scenes in the movie, it's definitely not the primary focus. His characters are infinitely more important to the movie than his battles, a little unusual thing in many Hong Kong stock movies. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the complexity of the characters and character relationships in the movie. The main character, played by Edison Chen (which is really very good) becomes endlessly more complex than I ever thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. The police characters also thoroughly tested my expectations. In fact, the sharp and honest portrayal of the rarely seen dark side of the police force was probably my favorite aspect of the film. I do not know that I want Dog Bite Dog to completely endorse typical concepts of bad criminal, good policeman, but it certainly disturbs them in ways that are not often seen in film (unfortunately). So many movies, especially Hong Kong action movies I find, depict the police in what is honestly a VERY ignorantly idealized light. This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog had really very unique and really courageous ideas to present about the police force. There are negotiation scenes in this movie I have never seen before, and doubt I'll ever see again, and I'm sure I will have remembered for some time. The criminal characters are also shown from an interesting perspective. There are some documentary footage in the film of Cambodian boys, not older than ten that were made to fight each other with the bare hands against death, which I thought was one of the movie's most powerful and moving moments. It says a lot about why these guys are the way they are, rather than simply condemning them. The relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets in the junkyard also shows a lot about his character. It was only after this element came into the movie that I really saw the film as an emotional experience rather than just a visceral start. There is something about most screen relationships that doesn't really get me through, but for some reason this one really did. The actress does an incredible job with this role, which I think was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also features really awesome cinematography, although unfortunately quite uneven. There were a few moments that I found really striking, especially in the last segment of the movie, but there was also a lot of camera work that was just OK. Another small issue I had was with the pacing I felt was uneven. I found a lot of "looking for a boat" scenes to be a bit alienated, though quickly emerging. The action scenes are short and not too much, but are really powerful and effective, especially at the end. The battle choreography is not all that impressive, though its creditworthiness is solid and fairly realistic, but the real power is the emotional content behind the battles. The final scene, while not a miracle or choreography, is one of the most powerful finals I've ever seen, and I've seen quite a few martial arts films. <br /> <br /> I suppose the biggest determinant of whether one will get much from Dog Bite Dog is whether or not you can call the characters. All of them are definitely some of the more flawed characters one would probably see in a movie of any kind, but there were a lot of people about everyone I couldn't help but get drawn and really feel for them. especially Chen's girlfriend. I have to say that I doubt most people will like the movie as much as I did just because I think most people don't like or care about the characters, but I still strongly recommend it. It's really a deep moving and working movie if you give it a chance.
