I have to be straight - I haven't seen a film as solid as DOG BITE DOG yet. I'm a big fan of the old school's late 80's to mid-90's CATIII movies, and I've heard that the "style" of movies comes back a bit with movies like this, and Herman Yau's GONG TAU (which I have not seen of this writing ...), so I was very interested in giving some of these trendy CATIII films. Did this movie meet my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite in the fashion I thought. <br /> <br /> The story follows a young, animal-like, inventive and virtually unstoppable Thai hit with a somewhat vague history coming to Hong Kong for a "mission". Due to some bad luck, he is quickly identified by a crooked copy (which radiates many of the same characteristics as our hit man), and is quickly caught up and caught. However, this condition does not last long, as the unnamed assassin escapes from his prisoners and the local police quickly show that he should not be taken lightly. The hunt is on and a cat-and-mouse game between the police and the "crazy dog" (as police refer to him) follows. Along the way, Mad Dog is accidentally befriended by a slow woman, forming a bond between the two when helping him out of a tough situation. The ante stops because Mad Dog's only goal is to get out of Hong Kong and back to Thailand in any way necessary, and police are still alive. <br /> <br /> I can probably write ten paragraphs on this complex and thoroughly layered film, but I don't want to give away too much. I saw how DOG BITE DOG knows nothing of the premise, and I think it's the kind of movie that is definitely better appreciated. With regard to comparisons with the older-style CATIII films, there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the "good weekdays", but it's never as drowsy or funny as the old school classes such as THE DISCOVERY STORY or RED TO KILL. Where many of the older CATIII films were intended to "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and well-rounded production (although it shouldn't take any of the CATIII films I love so much.) . This film is much more emotional than it is exploitative, and if we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, the audience begins to bind and identify with both sides. There are really no clear "good" and "bad" guys, because Mad Dog shows moments of utmost compassion, and police are bowing to extremely unorthodox methods to flush the killer. There is also no nudity / sex in this movie, which is a typical feature of older CATIII films. Personally I would compare DOG BITE DOG more to Park's symptoms for Mr. VENGEANCE or perhaps the Pang brother's BANGKOK DANGEROUS, as both those films blended extremely emotional overtones with strong and unwavering action and violence. Again - there is almost nothing I didn't like about this movie. The play is silent, filmmaking is sharp and well done, and the entire film successfully combines different elements successfully in a way that is not often seen. Is this movie (and others like it ...) the "rebirth" of the CATIII movie - not exactly - but it's a very solid movie that is absolutely worth checking out ... 9/10
