The people who are familiar with the Asian theater are fully aware that Japan is known or notorious because it is hyper-violent films and Korea is now making a reputation for ominous brutal movies. Dog Bites Dog, while not necessarily as hyper-violent as the craziest Miike movie, is not as unapologetically brutal as some Korea's more ambitious efforts. It is a perfect intervention with its own brutality trait. However, the greatest strength of this film, like the greatest of Japanese or Korean efforts, is that, rather than detracting from the film, the brutality actually develops the characters, if not, pushing the story forward. The two main characters are both incredibly ominous individuals with their own motivation and emotional basis to be so. For example, Sam Lee's character has been on the brink of the beginning and slowly and surely, amidst various encounters with Chang's character, is revealed why he is. Without spoiling this part of the story, it involves the moral ambiguity of his father. Chang's character, on the other hand, has created his most primary instincts, if not perfection, for brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Chang's story bow, while not necessarily a human side, actually reveals a side to our animal nature, many of which forget the natural ability to recognize a cowardly animal (and no, I'm not talking of Sam Lee, rather Pei Pei's garbage character. Ultimately, however, for the first 80 minutes or so, it is a more or less straight forward cat and mouse, or Dog Chase Dog, movie in which every encounter ends in at least one death (seriously, as soon as Sam Lee and Chang Square , somebody will die) and the nice part of the movie you never know who will be the hand. This brings us to the film's one weakness. Unforunatley to obscure it would be another devastator, but to put it simply, it is guilty to hit one of the main points of the movie, as it is rather than the 80 minutes in the movie, go The movie continues for another 20 minutes or so to further emphasize it. Don't get me wrong, if the deal is better off the 80-minute point to the climax and if the final act is not filled with sweet music (in fact, if it, like the majority of the movie, the music to the least, and let the disturbing sound effects do their job, it could still work and not detract from the film. However, despite the fact that the third act had the most unholy and bloody of the encounters, the way it was handled felt that it was being fueled and almost insulted the viewers' intelligence because it felt that it was had to go far to get it. Still, it is still a fresh air from the Hong Kong theater, as even the most bloody of the martial arts never reaches the level of calamity and brutality, while the character bow remains intact.
