WOW. If you think a movie can't somehow be tired, then you haven't seen Dogby Dog. This film does not push, and it does not scare away from displaying many disturbing images. Like Salo, this one shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's eager, dark, depressed and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever to come out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The writing is much more the same but does not continue. think it is incredibly clichéd. It's actually a disturbing and obsessive detective in a cat and mouse game against a professional and emotional hit. While the scripture offers nothing new on the surface, it offers many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Are we more or less human when we abuse a 5 year old child without pity, without regret? In turn, we do no less than rabid dogs when we are blinded by anger, this is a sad truth. This is a topic that the director is brilliantly investigating, without limiting himself. Besides the cat and mouse chase, the script also develops two separate story lines for the main characters. One is about love, and the other is about salvation. Even if the writing is not so new, it is still wonderfully written and it keeps you attached to the seat at all times. <br /> <br /> The play is really good. Edison Chen as the Hit man is incredible; He proves that he is not just a pretty face. He is relentless, dirty and over. Sam Lee as the obsessed policeman is also outstanding. The supporting role, briefly, is excellent. The music is also worth mentioning. Very dismal score by Ben Cheung, with some effective light-hearted songs played on key dark moments in the movie. The cinematography by Yuen Man is also very good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Very well played, amazingly acting, amazing and just really good at the end. But so many pointed out, it's not a movie for everyone. If you don't have strong violence, stay away from this one. If you don't want to see how heavy the negativity is in film, it's not for you either. In the end, a powerhouse movie, 8/10.
