It is remarkable and quite commendable how writers and directors still make great movies from one of the oldest and most used story lines in the theater! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically not much more than the simple story of a lonely buyer who is obsessively looking for a brilliant criminal. Just Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest by being extremely violent and relentless. It's undoubtedly one of the hottest and most uncompromising movies I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to go straight from hell! Not even the installments in Chan-Wook Park's trilogy of revenge (with the exception of "Oldboy", perhaps) or any other infamous Cat-III movie ever released, were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events that depicted in "Dog Bite Dog". Pang is a young and relentless Cambodian killer who lands in the busy streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of a leading judge in a restaurant. When police arrive at the place, young officer Wai sees Pang fleeing from the scene of crime and following him. The first real confrontation between the two rabid dogs leads to a massive massacre, as Pang ruthlessly kills several hostages and even Wai's long-standing friend and colleague. From then on, an exciting and action-packed cat and mouse match began between the frustrated policeman and the professional killer. The latter also saves a young girl from her father's constant sexual abuse and stays with her at her barn in the local garbage dumps. What makes this routine action / thriller so fascinating (apart from the explicit violence) is the main characters' backgrounds! Pang, the hit, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knows no restrictions, has no mercy and hardly speaks a word. Police spokesperson Wai has become particularly impeccable and unorthodox, especially since his role model father (also a police officer) in a coma after a drug-related incident. Lai does not ask suspects and witnesses; He shouts for them and he is willing to sacrifice everything to stop his brand new nemesis. People with a poor stomach or complicated nerves are advised to stay away from this film, because the cruelty and shock of Dog Bite Dog can easily cause discomfort. It is not the type of violence where bloody heads and cut limbs fly through the air, but more like the intense and utterly disturbing type where people are trying to wipe their opponents spiritually as well as physically. The filming stations are effectively dark and ominous and the extremely sober music makes the overall sound of the movie even more petrified. The performances are great! I won't be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treated each other as enemies on the movie collection because their hate and aversion on the screen feels a little too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and memorable film, highly recommended if you can stomach it. If you're afraid you can't, just wait a few years for the inevitable US remake that will undoubtedly soften the premise.
