Most reviews say it's the worst point in Hamilton's short film career. This movie is a little different from the rest, and considering the best or worst depends on what you expect from a movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Ken Hamilton as a photographer, you may be slightly surprised. While Bilitis looks like his books in a movement with all the young girls who discover themselves and relationships with each other on the edge of lesbians, with a plot linking these scenes, Laura concentrates on few characters that allow the development of relationships between them make (male-female, artist-model), but although we see nice pictures, many of them outperform his average, their number is reduced for the sake of the plot. Tendres cousins ​​are different from both, it's just Hamilton's movie that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. As a result, it may be acceptable for a larger audience than Hamilton's fans, who look like an erotic comedy (but not the German softcore type - the Schulmädchen fans will be very disappointed). You won't laugh much, but you can smile (and that's something you don't often get from Hamilton). Unlike all the other Hamilton's films, the age of the woman varies. Unlike other movies, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual works, this one is not put out of place and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their fate and do not lead from one photo to another from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Hamilton (again) gets lost with a writing in his hands. Girls on beaches, under shower, in light rooms, in gardens, under tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothing - it's his territory, he can shoot minutes and hours and whatever he does, always feels the artist's eye and hand behind it. But when he has to offer us the average everyday life, he stops to become Hamilton and becomes the average director who just follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nude, but it's just part of his job. And in Tendres cousins ​​we have a reverse situation: his girls are not in the best shot. Nature, garden, home remind us of Hamilton's work (often neglected part of it), while girls, even if they are naked, have nothing special about the way he offered us. Maybe Hamilton was confused with a boy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking about a line that would accept censorship. Perhaps he really tried to make something new (and no one dared to tell him he wasn't), but he neglected. for which he was mostly praised.
