I like David Hamilton's artistic photographs of naked women on the border of women, sometimes erotic, but never pornographic. Someone else liked it because my David Hamilton books were stolen. In one book, some pictures of a young boy were seen, of course naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, also naked. Although discreet, there was strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton which appears from the movie Tendres Cousines or perhaps photos taken on the set. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the art of still photography is not automatically translated into filmmaking. Soft focus becomes out of focus and discrete angles become confusing, perhaps because they cannot be considered. You also see it or miss it, and there is no time to see, to understand. The movie is supposed to be a farce, and funny things happen, but it doesn't matter, maybe because the story is developing so slowly and one can only wonder what is going on. Eventually, the 14-year-old Julien slaughtered with his cousin, but it is soft core, without genital contact shown on camera. Being a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and an embarrassment trapped in the daily gag. With Julien's father he even gave a cigarette to complete the experience. In fairness, the film is in French and complies with French films. It can only be too subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles to help our Phillistines. <br /> <br /> It is suggested that this movie is a child. pornography and this is certainly the result of today's climate where child sexual exploitation is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to endorse or reveal the sexual abuse of children, so there is virtually no place to see children, even in the mildest erotic context, without immediately triggering sexual violence and exploitation alarms. Churches will think, Lucky Julien! "Even if they agree that sex and children in the movies are a bad thing, they still want to be a Julien at that age. Women can also have similar thoughts, but all such considerations must be pushed out of man's conscious mind "Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic and children and sex issues are severely avoided. Too bad, since sexual awakening is a real human experience. Lead everyone out, children grow up and sexual beings like Julien do. a fit literary topic, including cinema, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children David Hamilton thinks I played a role in 1980 to make a movie on this subject, and he was somewhat successful in investigating this sensitive topic Unfortunately, it is unlikely that we will see better in the near future for fear of the child pornography label.
