The only reason I give it a 9 is that the other child actors who played Tadashi's tormentors were not at work. I suppose they were just kids who were the right age and handy, but they were not well trained, and their scenes were a little annoying. <br /> <br /> I say not to judge by American standards, because it is full of ambiguities and the kind of equilibrium that Japanese culture easily embraces, and has not been in the black hat / moral limitations . American children 'films are regularly submitted. For example, there is a very funny moment when Tadashi's small group of Yokai companions abandon themselves and abandon themselves by the other yokai, and Shojo - the cute Kirin herald - does what a lot of tense Japanese adult would do. Hint: It won't happen in a Disney movie. This photo also has the best product placement for beer you'll ever see in a children's movie. <br /> <br /> Early on there is a moment when a school teacher beats a few bulls on the head with her attendance book. A couple of years ago, there was a TV commercial in Japan before this movie came out. It was a stop-motion clay animation about a child who is depressed and plays guitar and sings the blues in his room. His mother shouted at him from below to keep. Then someone gives him a candy, and he screams and sings a happy voice, but his mother comes in and tells him to hold back and gives him a dull blow that leaves a dive in his forehead. I call this commercial because it was considered funny, and I had no objection to it while I was there. There is much more bloodshed and physical cruelty on display in "The Great Yokai War" than one would find in a Disney movie. As a parent, if it was an American movie, I would get such things in the arms, but not necessarily the moral lessons drawn at the end of the picture, which of course are neither black nor white. Being a Japanese movie, I accept that those cultural norms allow images that do not pass the standards and practices of police into an American production. I will probably be a little uncomfortable seeing young kids watching it without giving their preview information sessions and / or post-shows about the violence and other off-color things, or I'll wait until they're older show it to them.
