Last night I had the pleasure of seeing the movie BUG at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real surprise. The directors were there and they then did a Q&A. The movie starts with a young boy who hits a shit under his foot, a man near the parking lot sees his car hit the young boy and run to ask the child why? why? Did he have to kill that living creature? "In his hurry to consult the youth in the error of his ways, the man fails to pay his parking meter. It starts with a whole series of events involving people who are not related to him a bit funny," a bit sad and a bit ridiculous, this movie has a lot of laughter, a lot and many actors you will recognize.The main actors who were in the movie for me were: Jamie Kennedy (his comedy shows Jamie Kennedy Experiment, plays a fortune-teller writer, John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's cross dressing brother on the Drew Carey show) plays the animal loving man who doesn't succeed, Brian Cox (The Original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) plays the germophobic owner from a Donut and Chinese Food Take Out joint, there is one line where Cox tells his chef to wash off some swine blood, it's on the pavement saying "clean that death", which is very funny , mainly due to Cox's delivery of germs, the funniest oo The movie comes when a young boy imitates his father, whom he heard earlier in the day. Shout "MotherF *****" while in the classroom. Another extremely funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (Mrs. Sting himself) and another actor perform a scene on a cable access. From the movie down the boy in The Plastic Bubble. The actor who's the Cable Access Show is just wonderful. He is so serious and deadly and his performance, as both the doctor and the boy in the plastic bubble are exciting. There are many other fine and funny actors and actresses in this movie and shot in less than a month with a budget of about $ 1 million. The directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who wrote writers by the trade, wrote crazy / beautifully and the upcoming Tuxedo starring Jackie Chan) made a movie that is wonderful and funny.
