Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and it's really so, so I'm happy to see any of their movies. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is completing his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to return to aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweepers who come to do their job, and Ollie quickly wants to get away from Stan who makes mistakes. Ollie goes to the roof to help with the other side of the brush on top of the chimney, but Stan in the lounge ends up pushing him on the attic. After an extension is broken, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun, from the wall, and of course it removes the brush. Stan goes up to look, and Ollie, standing on the attic door of the roof, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he is hurt, and Ollie only answers with "I have nothing to say." Ollie comes back on the roof, and he and Stan finish in a tugboat and pull a villain who eventually falls into Ollie and destroys the chimney. Ollie, whatsoever, in the fireplace is hit by many bricks, and butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with chimney smoke, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The boys decided to clean up the mess, and when Stan tore the carpet, Ollie asked, "Can't you do anything right?" And Stan replied, "I have nothing to say," and the kick was grounded. If Ollie has a bag for Stan to kick in the ashes, they are distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ash lands Ollie's pants so Stan gets another spade on the head. Professor Noodle completes his formula, and does a final duck test, with a drop in a water bowl, turning it into a duckling. He also shows the boys' success, turns the duck into an egg and suggests using a human subject, that is, his butler. While away, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie is finally beaten by Stan in the water tank with the formula. In the end, what once Ollie was out of, a monkey, and if Stan asked him to talk, everything says Ollie monkey: "I have nothing to say", and Stan is excited. Filled with great slapstick and all the classic comedy you want from a black and white movie, it's a fun movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 at The Comedians Comedian. Very good!
