It's an unusual Laurel & Hardy comedy with something of a split personality: sometimes it feels like two movies split into different styles, in a single short. Fortunately, each serving is funny in its own right, and the boys' seemingly effortless clowning carries the day and synthesizes the film's diverse elements in an entertaining whole. While I have never heard a fan, DIRTY WORK is his or her favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy, it is one that everyone wants to look like. <br /> <br /> Our story is in the home of Professor Noodle, which represents one key element of the storyline: a wild-over-the-parody of Mad Scientist scenarios. This indicates a rare venture in the scientific field for L&H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges have become much more frequent with crazy doctors than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the viewer's skepticism with rolled eyes and occasionally dry pig. Meanwhile, Stan & Ollie's chimney sweepstakes appear on the professor's home the day he completes his solution. "Their" part of the movie consists of distinctive (but first-rate) slapstick that includes the chimney, the roof, shovels and a number of unfortunate accidents. If you don't like watching these guys up a job, you probably won't have FIREWORKS, but for fans of the team, this movie is a feast. The highlight came when Ollie fell through the chimney, landed in the fireplace, and then became bricks falling on its head, with a rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like the lap of Ollie climbing down the roof into a greenhouse; the process work is so slapdash I suspect it was something of an inside joke, the way W.C. Fields' movies will feature the world's worst rear projection screens. <br /> <br /> The slapstick material is great, but it's the crazy scientific motive that makes this movie immaculate, and two supporting players deserve a bowler hint. Hat: Women's character actor Lucien Littlefield is great as a professor, delivering her overgrowth of beauty and hammy glee lines, while Sam Adams is in the less prosperous role of Jessup's butler. As well as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were at their forefront, it is always worth noting that their supporting roles at the Hal Roach Studio have boosted their films. So also the background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK notices a rare opportunity from this period that a Roach comedy does not have musical accompaniment after the opening credits. Vocal music can have improved the proceedings, but does not matter; It's a very enjoyable comedy anyway, and an excellent example of what Laurel & Hardy made so popular in their day.
