I first found this movie when I was looking for work in the witch Stephane Rideau took part in, still in an extraordinary surprise caused by the incredibly beautiful "Les Roseaux sauvages" by André Téchine in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres. I was looking for similar movies, in the age of old. I then got 'Presque Rien', a movie where director Sebabien Lifshitz surprised us wonderfully and received a nomination at the Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two guys, the kind of boy next door, Mathieu (Jeremie Elkaïm) and Cedric (Stephane Rideau) who meet during the summer holidays. In a country far from where he lives, Mathieu brings days to the beach with his sister. There he met Cedric, a local, with whom he started this estival and revealing relationship, much through the sensual and seductive personality Stephane Rideau gives his characters (in "Les roseaux sauvages" 6 years younger, he retains the innocence of the sweet seducer, witch full of experience). Example in the direct sequence in the intimate and confidential description made about a boy who first experiences his (still ambiguous) sexuality and great love. The first love, in its terrible progression-ecstatic despair. The best of the film is the best of France: the fiery passion, the warm and excited rationalism, the brown beauty, the simple and natural acceptance of the families, though not without surprise and first anger. Yet there is the beach, the brightness, the light simplicity of the summer, the freshness of the wind, the melody of the revival, and the expressive eyes of an introverted Elkaïm (reluctant, sore, surprised, passionate). The sex is not avoided or exploited, it is treated as it is, without an operator's intention. In the face of sheer talent, it is a work of unusual quality drama, without cheap sentimentalism, showing an inevitable real image of two homosexuals in their foremost youth as any ordinary person, but with a social fear of rejection and shame . It is worthy to be seen, especially by those who love French films (although the DVD cover is very lame, with the two actors between dozens of stars, smeared with brilliant fats). A movie witch, I think, deserves a 8-9!
