I agree that the movie is a bit slow at places with lots of scenes of everyday life and no dialogue. And I wasn't impressed just after I looked at it. But after a few days I realized that the movie was staying with me and it raised a melancholy mood hanging in my mind. My appreciation for this movie is rising. It definitely deserves a higher consideration than those movies that are immediately forgotten. <br /> <br /> As many commented, the film is non-linear and is a feature of European films as opposed to the Hollywood storytelling that Hollywood favorites. I don't really know if it's true or not. Many also like its confusing structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I don't think there's much I can say to change their views. But for others who still have to watch the movie, you expect to be challenged and DO NOT expect the movie to provide all the answers, and you can get away to enjoy it more than you would otherwise want. <br /> <br /> The movie jumps a bit, but really only 3 times. Pay attention to the hairstyle and you can easily separate 2 of the 3 periods. It is also not as confusing as suggested; just enjoy and it will be all clear at the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things are unseen or not shown, and many situations become unused. But isn't that what life is? You don't know much about the motives of your friends / loved ones, unless you confront them and even then you can never be 100% sure if they tell you the whole truth. These types of movies force us to interpret the reasons behind the actions. However, the movie leaves enough tips for you to make reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manically depressed, to the point of suicide. Why? I don't know, maybe his life isn't exactly as he expects it; Perhaps he missed his family, but did not forgive his father for abandoning his sick mother on her hours of need. Perhaps he brings Cedric up, rearranges and destroys his life to be with him, and realizes it's all "undone". I think the director intended to show us that he was always a little off, mentally fragile through that scene with the dead bird. Perhaps he has a very sensitive psyche and all this stress takes a toll on him. But we were also shown not to be an animal that interferes with pain through his loving interaction with the stray cat. There is also a conversation between the doctor and Cedric who shed light on the reason behind the break and perhaps the suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything is fine, and Cedric thinks so, even though he cheated on Mathieu, but that is nothing, according to Cedric. Is this the only reason, we don't know, there are probably others, all together. Is it extremely important that we know exactly what they are? I don't think so for this movie. Another sign that they are ultimately incompatible is the historical ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, Cedric is. He is the one with the angry hormone that only focuses on the physical side without an intellectual side that Mathieu naturally needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the end is really hope and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the alternation of the events to the dark toes that had the edge to the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is that sound. It's very soft. I had to change the volume to hear the dialogue and when it switched to a bar or outdoor crowd, it got too hard. The other is that the captions cannot be switched off; They stay on the screen. Unfortunately, most foreign movie DVDs not released by a large studio are unhappy.
