'Presque Rien' is a previous work by particularly talented writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (in collaboration with author Stephane Bouquet - the team we later gave the Wild Side). As we understand Lifshitz's way of storytelling, each of his works becomes more treasured. By allowing his tender and sensitive love stories to be unfolded in the same random way in the minds of confused and unsafe youth - time now, time passed, time reflecting, time imagining, time alone - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, involving the viewer with every aspect of the characters' answers. It takes a bit of work to fit into his method, but with his technique we go deep into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (attractive and talented Jeremie Elkaïm) visits the sea for a holiday, a time To make his mother (Dominique Reymond) struggle with her indefinite illness, caused by worldly and wise Annick ( Marie Matheron) is cared for and accompanied by his sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix). Their distant father stayed at home for business purposes. Woven in and out of the first moments of the movie, are only images of Mathieu, look depressed, drive trains, talk to someone in a small recorder. We have to wonder if the unfolding action is all reminder or contemporary action. <br /> <br /> As he floats on the beach, he sees a handsome youth sticking out his age, and we can shake Mathieu's emotions with confusion. Cedric's youth (Stephane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister's home, and continues with the secret of attraction. Soon Cedric comes to Mathieu and a gentle introduction leads to a kiss starting a passionate love obsession. Mathieu is terrified of the direction he is taking, and recalls Cedric's public approaches, but continues to seek him out for consignments. The two young men are at the very heart of love and the regulations of the physical aspect of this relationship, which are very much needed to understand this story, are shared with the audience in some erotic and sensual scenes. Yet, as summer devotes to Mathieu, a dedicated student, realizes that Cedric is a drifter working in a grocery store at a carnival. It appears that Cedric is the Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is the Apollonian. In a narrative time in architectural ruin, Mathieu is excited about the beauty of history and space, while Cedric is only interested in being a new hiding place for love entertainment. br /> <br /> Mathieu is a complex person, fighting his family ties with critical illness and a non-current father, a fear of his emerging sexuality and his passion for Cedric. Their moments of joy are disrupted by Cedric's acknowledgment of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with that problem and eventually share their ways. Time passes, family changes are made, and Mathieu drives depression, including a suicide attempt. The way Mathieu deals with all of these challenges, and strangely found in one of Cedric's past lovers, Pierre (Nils Ohlund), brings the film to an ambiguous but completely successful climax. <br /> <br /> After watching the movie, the sense of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the movie from the beginning is now powerful with the knowledge of the full story. Lifshitz gave us a film of meditation with passion, in conflict with passion's forces that fell in love, and a silent movie of silence and reveries that are incomparably beautiful. The whole cast is excellent and the direction is soft and challenging. Lifshitz is certainly one of the bright lights of movies. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
