What a wonderfully wonderful, sometimes a small and big, big budget fantasy, is it. Takashi Miike has already proved when he entered the Great Yokhai War. He could also double in other films, except his alleged niche of the crime / yakuza genre. (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed it, the former big latter less). But here, Miike proves, in his first and only screen credit credit, no less, that he can deliver the goods on a postmodern soup of mythological fantasy conventions, along with a bootload of CGI, creature effects and makeup, and An epic battle that is more like a "feast" than something of Lord of the Rings. The comparisons can be made widely and widely, and the most obvious thing to jump up is Miyazaki, for the seemingly unique blend of kids-like-grandiose, might-hungry wizards seeking the energy of the earth. the main source, machinery as the greatest evil, and many bizarre defined, flamboyant-designed creatures (or Yokai of the title). But there can also be comparisons with Star Wars, especially after the Gungan battle in TPM, and the whole power game between good and evil with similar powers. Or to Anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, to Henson's movies. And through all these comparisons, and even through the mistakes or overarching moments, it is Miike entirely with feelings of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke plays Kamiki Tadashi, the prototypical child who is similar to gullible and sensitive things in the world, but will become the hero in a world that goes into darkness. The darkness is of an evil wizard, who gets his energy from all the rage and miserable vibes in the human world, and who also kills the spirits and other creatures, the Yokhai, in a fire they send giant robots that just one mission - destroy and kill anything in their paths. Tadashi is being pumped to fight Sato the wizard as Yokai, once as Sato's main dispute and cohort, Agi (Kill Bill's Chiaki Kuriyama, another great villain) steals Tadashi's little hairy companion, a Sunekosuri. Soon things will come to mind, in a climax that has many other fantasy films and stories in mind, but can only be contained to some extent by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend the Great Yokai War for Children, but in the forward note that it is not fantasy in US circles. It has creatures in general, including a one-eyed umbrella stand, and a walking talk wall, not to mention a tortoise, a fire hose and a woman cursed by Sato. So the variety is high on the mark, and one can almost feel like the beings and effects - which grow to unspeakable heights when the "feast" reaches the Yokai hits and reaches hundreds of miles. But there is also a sense of fantasy that is strong in both the light and the dark, and Sunekosuri may be the greatest emotional tool at Miike's disposal (and not just because it is a beauty). where else would an audience rolled over a little hairy ball of anger, ending in a tragic battle with Tadashi in robot form? <br /> <br /> But through all this, the anarchy that is also found in the brightest places of Miike's career is also here, distinguishing it from its animated Muppet and sci-fi counterparts. There is the weird humor as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi beans at a critical moment in the climax, and more than a few flights of fancy with the creatures and fighting scenes (for example, I have the man with the big blue head loved who should make it smaller, or the anxious tortoise-yokai). The biggest danger with Miike's access to larger special effects and computer wizardry, with which he flirts, is left over at this point. He has everything, I'm sure, with storyboards, and he creates some memorable impressions with a few compositions (one of them is when everything is said and done, and Tadashi and the 'other' human character are in the middle of the Tokyo rubbish in an overhead shot), but the CGI is sometimes somewhat unconvincing with the robots, and the interaction is also fuzzy, and some visuals, such as the Yokai's deliberation, the word about the big festival. spreading the card, just looks poor and pat. I almost wondered if Miike could dive into a (bad) Spy Kids territory. <br /> <br /> However, this accountability sets the Great Yokai War apart as a part of excitement, goofy thrills and innocent melodramas that came with many of the best childhood fantasies. It is very much due to theater, as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always turn, even in its most ridiculous and confusing beat. It is not the best filmmaker at all, but works in experimentation in a commercial medium to his advantage. It has a neat little message, and very cool adventure. 7.5 / 10
