Many people are hanged on this movie as a "children's movie", and it certainly is, although it is one for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, especially the children's fantasy genre, as a springboard in the wild area that is the Great Yokai war. <br /> <br /> The setup is simply a boy is chosen to play the "hero". In this annual festival, just to discover its role, is much more real than he could think. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, whimsical and often funny journey through the world of Japanese folklore. Wait there is also an evil villain on the lost that the world wants to destroy. The villain here, however, is not a mere demon, it is the devil's spirit of the accumulated resentment of the things people use and reject. Using a room made of pure liquid hatred / resentment, the villain transforms the vibrant colorful Yokai spirits into ten-footed, ten-foot temporary robots that saw chain saws for arms and eyes like burning coals (those who played the Sonic game of The Hedghog, can remember a certain Dr Robotnik performing similar procedures to the cute and cuddly Sonic then have to release. <br /> <br /> The hero in this movie is actually the least interesting character, essentially the straight man, in a world suddenly became crazy. Although going through the typical hero trials, he often, like much of the Yokia himself, looks really defenseless against the murderous robots. Some spirits are umbrellas with eyes, talking walls or beings whose soul's purpose in life is to count beans ... of course in this magical world of Miike's Yokai war, even the beans take a magical power when one enters they believe. <br /> <br /> In several ways, this movie endorses the normal conventions of children's fantasy, as few as any of the characters are heroic, their victory is a combination of contingency, almost arbitrary belief, and a desire to party. The Yokai spirits just gather and experience the villains' hiding place, endangering the end of the Earth's world invasion of a great Yokai festival, and even just dancing and partying. Also, the film does not end with the usual festive stuff that ends well, but with a final scene, which shows our hero years older, with an adult work that cannot see the Yokai spirits of his youth. The villain, who is a spirit, can never really die. This end, with its Yokai spirit, which is the epitome of Pokémon's Pikachu, not only warns us of leaving behind our childhood itself, but of the horrors of over-consumption. The villain is causing resentment when people no longer respect the world and the objects around them (in Japanese folklore almost every object has a kind of spirit) and as soon as they are used and discarded as we do in consumer communities without respect, they become heartfelt vengeful machines, unlike those seen in modern video games. This indicates that all our imagination and myths never really die, but it can be distorted. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first writings Miike has contributed to, and I believe it shows, as there is conceptually a density that is sometimes thrown out by his exuberance for visual playiness. Although I mostly focused on the story (as many users look here, write it down), I want to visually say, it is a kaleidop of CGI, stop animation, costumes and live puppetry, which works remarkably well. There is a dream quality for many of the film, and the Miyazaki comparisons are justified, just like the NeverEnding Story and Labrynth equations, although this film is sharper and more mature than not. The Yokai is beaten, crushed, and is in machines of living hatred, which I believe to kill even a few people, a deformed calf with a man's face is born and dies in the movies grotesque opening, while a sexual undercurrent , the women with the long neck that look the face of our boy, or another characterful reminder to touch the thigh of a young, slim-dressed water spirit as a boy, seems a little too long for most western taste, especially when considered, is a "children's movie". However, it is small enough to give adult attention while being small enough not to traumatize children. Greek fairy tales, for reviews, have been much worse, much more frequent. <br /> <br /> All of this is one of Miike's most accessible and enjoyable businesses, with enough visual drama and good performances (the Yokai spirits have a humanism and an absurd humor to them. fun to listen to audiences of all ages and a steady conceptual undercurrent that is strong enough to draw an adult audience who supposedly brought their children or else out of a sense of nostalgia for the long-lost fantasy movies of their youth The latter group looks the film the most fervent to ask that they not only passive consumption of the world around them, but show respect for those spirits within those who looked so much closer to reality in childhood. a beautiful, funny and truly original film by an exciting director who did not come near his apex.
