A fantastic display and an unrealized classic; The League of People remains one of the greatest modern comedies of the past. <br /> <br /> With a dark and bizarre sense of humor about the tired, formal approach of the inferior, but unfortunately much more recognized successor, Little Britain, The League of Gentlemen was truly something special in a quiet period in British comedy. <br /> <br /> Until it arrives on the scene, there has never been such a thing as The League or Gentlemen before. On the surface, a seemingly simplistic sketch, the performance quickly unfolds as a vibrant, sinister but incredibly hilarious universe populated with all sorts of brilliant comic creations. What really is the show apart from its competitors is the approach to tell us it's the story. Rather than displaying our sketches, barely distinguishable from the following, we see each individual or group of characters through their different journeys and story lines. No visit to them is the same, and each time they offer us a surprise. <br /> <br /> Gradually, over three series and a Christmas specialist, the fictional town of Royston Vasey is busy with a grotesque hilarious population. And that's probably the main reason why the show is such a joy to watch (and also the reason why the show would easily earn more). Unlike other current performances such as The Catherine Tate Show or, more importantly, Little Britain, the league knows both when a character ran it, and the opportunity to handle it. Several lovers of the favorite, who could easily be kept up, bowed out before the series came to an end, giving room for fellow characters to grow more, or for the launch of new Royston Vasey residents to their point to make. <br /> <br /> Another thing that sets this show above is that the writing team approaches the writing process with caution and intelligence. As already mentioned, all four members of the league have a common sense when it comes to the survival of their creations, and when it's time to mention it, it stops with respect to certain characters. This awareness also means that the Lord's leadership undergoes a brave evolution, which is not usually seen in a show of this nature. The story-driven, far darker third series is a brave step away from the first sketch-based first two series, and this brave move by the league really pays. With the third series it is less important to please an audience. Like the Christmas Specialist, they follow individual stories with a clear story, as opposed to the more sketch-based previous series' which (successfully) brings together several sets of sketches in a series of long story arches. <br /> <br /> The third series is both a refreshing style change, as well as a great surprise for fans who have seen the first two. In spite of some polarized opinion on the third series, any real league fan will appreciate what the third series offers, as well as the more character episodes that deepen the depth of the fan's favorites, but in combination with inter-wine characters who might not have crossed paths before. <br /> <br /> It may be a bit trying to get into the change in style, but it's definitely worth it, and in my opinion the third series is the best and The Display is not without the disadvantages not, and sometimes certain characters and pieces look somewhat out of place, but mostly the brilliant writing, the dark nature of the spectacle and the host of brilliant characters (often too close to real life) make a good show and prove what the comedy should be and put a lot of the more recent, prisoner-driven and often desperate attempts at comedy to shame
