It's probably the best television program I've ever seen. I only saw it on Comedy Central a few years ago. I was then unaware that it had changed dramatically and was shown to be unstable, and I just looked at three series in order and inappropriately (thanks internet and your wonderful "series of tubes"). I'm so glad I rediscovered it. ! I think Comedy Central has chosen and chosen to make them a season one and two a season ...... and I tried to get friends and family to watch it, but no one really got it do not look like new friends). So, on my own, I made the best of what I could do. Even when I felt that it was slightly diminishing, I was still forced to continue watching. Years later, when I discovered Little Britain, I immediately recognized Pauline from LoG because he influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. Also, I love the idea of ​​writers acting the whole show .... (Not new, but blamelessly done here). LB has nothing on LAG! (No offense, Matt & David .... Love you)! It is indeed a dark comedy piece of genius. Serial killer, implied cannibalism ..... you call it and it's probably found in this wonderful, unique piece of TV art. The location shots of the very first scene itself is chilling and looks you to the village of Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave! I think my favorite character should be Tubbs, but every character depicted has his own "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous, that was until he acted again in series three (clever and totally unexpected)! It is best to look at several episodes in a row as it manages the continuity. As I said before, it becomes so compelling (while repelling) that you really can't stop watching. This is not for those with poor stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmother (unless you have one bad grandmother)! I have always liked British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to stop, Absolutely Fabulous and the British original link and the office (but not their American counterparts ... sorry). This is in contrast to any of those in which it revives the line completely between what is funny and what is just sick and distorted. Nothing, nothing on American TV ever came close to this level of entertainment. American broadcast TV is so sad and lame, I can barely stand to watch ANY of it. It's a little sad that even our cable channels don't have the courage to show up unusual versions of this jewel (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are shows such as those that come from the "through the dam" that release the entire medium every ten years or so. The basic cable here in the US has taken small steps over the past few years, with confident "crossing lines" with more graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language, but they are still years away from the decision to be adults to show real life , Adult behavior (instead of just murdering obsession and blowing things up, she, it's like the same basic performance format for the past 35 years)! Don't even start me on American sitcoms! Save time and lots of money ... ... did you know that "Jim has been on the air for 10 years?" 10 YEARS ?? Anyway ... Look at this show, get it on DVD, do what you need and let your friends see it too! You have never seen anything like this. There are three species I have not looked at yet. I'm saving them to jump to my best friend next time. He'll see them, though I need chains and paint with Excrement! Lines and Lines and Lines and Lines! Note that series three sets of one and two .... the bigger town seems to fall away to focus on new characters, the track is gone (thanks half), the theme is more band and less orchestra and a some of the story takes place outside Royston Vasey. Don't be thrown by it, because at the end the series kept the quietest perversion first shown in series one and two. I think these four guys have created something undefined. Brilliant, confident and absolute dementia. You will want to watch it again and again. It's amazing that within 5 seconds of screen time they can go from cheap siggag to horrible blasphemy, then end up with a single actor near-facial expression. If I ever met one of the writers / performances, I would urge them not to recreate or try them. I'll just say, "Can I help you?" (Then they'll surely hit me, so I want to ask them to sign the clapperboard)! 10 out of 10
