I looked forward to months of friends and alienated, especially since Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg played the leading role. Simon Pegg is a comic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and alienate people hit the spot! Of course not perfect, but very pleasant and funny. How to Lose Friends and Alienation People follow the life of Sidney Young, a small, bumbling, British renowned journalist, hired by a school magazine in New York City. In a spectacular way, Sidney enters the high society and burn bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After disrupting a black tie event by running a wild pig, Sidney caught Sharp editor Clayton Harding and accepted a job with the New York City magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that he can better impress and charm what he can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately insults his co-author Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to direct the star clients of power publican Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also upset his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to irritate almost everyone. His saving grace, a rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), developed a strange love for him. Over time, Allison's friendship can be the only thing that saves Sydney from its downward spiral career. The storyline is very interesting and the play was on top of what the actors gave. Simon Pegg is still hilarious than ever! He makes Sydney bumbling, unpleasant, and annoying as real as it gets, but later in the day Sydney not only makes fun but also a real character that you eventually root. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten has some great plays and hilarious scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff F * cking Bridges! How can you not keep him? He makes Clayton a very humorous character with a little white and overall you just love the old. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, and Danny Huston were great as the supporting role. Everyone had their own personality, which was generally unlikely, but that's just what the film work did. One thing I didn't enjoy was how one dimensional the characters were. I understand that most were the supporting role, but some of the role-play was underutilized and the movie could have given more spice. How to Lose Friends and Dispossessed People will never be on any of the top 10 movies, or even top 10 comedies ever, but it has a very high level of entertainment and some scenes can even charm you. How to lose friends and alienate People are definitely one of the better romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
