Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is about dolls that come to life when people are not there. In this adventure they have to rescue a kidnapped French doll named Babette from the pirate's captain. On the way they travel through Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit, and even Looney Land. Will the aide of their new friend The Camel With Wrinkled Knots help them or just drop them with his hallucinations of his friends who leave him? How will they escape the Kookoo king and his henchmen! What will their owner, Marcella, say if she sees her 7th birthday doll with her other toys? Wonderful surprises await the two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are out of a possible 10: Story: 8 - Very cute. Dolls come to life when the master is not there. Not just because they go out to many different places, but they are in an imaginary world so that everything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places to find new friends, its great. The characters work so well in this and who doesn't love pirates? Acting: 8 - Each character adjusts their voice as well. Specifically, the Marlon Brando Taffy Pit enemy, The Greed. The French doll has a very good French accent, the evil Hitler-esquire king Kookoo (who had hair like Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well and the sad old black man's voice for Camel works perfectly. Why is it that the old baptized animation was so much better than new ones? Music: 10 - Nothing less perfection here. The songs have been in my head for years, and I see it almost 20 years later. I can still remember each of them and can now know exactly where these songs come from. Joe Raposo of "Sesame Street" boasts an excellent work with the songs for this and everyone sings really well. <br /> <br /> Edit: 6 - Heh, that's where it gets confusing. I mean, how far did the Raggedy's run anyway? A lot of the events just seem to occur one after the other and there is no telling what the other dolls and toys were like you never see in the real world of the movie, but it follows some way and you know they will finally coming to where they should go, it's just pretty hard to reverse. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico I want to say there are parts in both movies that I will never forget, no matter how hard I try. Mainly the scary parts. I've probably already mentioned how older movies were much creepier than animation today, but it takes the cake into the scary factor. Outside the South Park movie and a few Disney movies, there are almost no animated musicals, or those that come out are so unique. <br /> <br /> Value: 8- Its classic. The hunt is worth getting a good copy, but the VHS copies are probably already outdated. The DVD version is being sold on Ebay all the time and it will definitely be something you will see more than once. If something comes for the nostalgic purposes. <br /> <br /> Overall score (not average): 8 - It's a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 70's and can still be enjoyed today. His characters are all unique and the songs are wonderful. So wonderful you can sometimes humminger yourself. Give your favorite stuffed animal a hug today! Reviewer's Insight (Including Bias): It's not like the Raggedy Ann TV series made a decade later. It was a lot darker and real world. The effects of this seem like a lot of other acid-trip cartoons from the 70's, in particular, Yellow Submarine. Yet it has given me memories that I will never forget, and can still influence things today. It wasn't easy to find, but it will always be a treasure to stay in my collection of DVDs and videos.
