Oh, son, God bless the 1970s, we have some of the terrifying movies that came from that decade: The Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: a musical adventure. This movie should be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world. I mean seriously, this movie scared the shit out of me. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection and I was kind of curious what kind of movie they would make out of a doll that came out of the big depression for kids with very little pocket money. What is the heck? It's funny how this movie is the 1970's Toyotory version, exactly what it seems to be a thousand times scarcer, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to go into the drug outings for the kids. <br /> <br /> When Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann comes to life with her brother Raggedy Andy and a whole nursery full of colorful toys. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, comes from Paris, France to the United States. Babette is a spoiled creature who is unaware that she is a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate Captain Infected kidnapped her. Raggedy Ann and Andy tried to save her before Marcella discovered Babette's gone. Outside the world outside the nursery, the two meet the Camel with the Wrinkled Knees, a blue toy camel thrown down by previous owners and now sad and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy took a ride on the Camel, he began to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, walked over the edge of a cliff, into a deep well. In this pit they meet the Greedy, who is a giant, gluttonous blob or taffy who eats constantly and is never full. The raggedys and the narrow escaped camel are consumed by the Greedy and continue to find Babette? and believe me, it just gets off this point. <br /> <br /> While this movie was definitely disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes for many of the movie, it was actually pretty creative. Back in the day we had a hand-drawn animation that made movies more personal and the authors and animators set their heart on it, you could tell they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. It was definitely not the worst movie I've ever seen, I don't just know who it is. Just as scared as I was, I have to admit I'm glad I watched it, sometimes you have a "WTF?" needed. film to make your choice spice me if I say that Raggedy Ann had no problem just doing it with me. It's official, the doll is just uncomfortable. Let's just put it that way. There is a huge caramel river that eats everything. A king's head is getting bigger and bigger as he laughs, a bizarre thing that Raggedy Ann and her brother humiliate. strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a few naked dolls that will always haunt my dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
