She took me a few views to really turn myself into this one, but for me Tears of Kali is one of the horror highlights of the 00's and as far as independent horror is a true masterpiece. An anthology horror, it takes on the story of the fictional Taylor-Eriksson Group, a cult of all sorts in India whose members have set out to find ultimate self-knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results obscured over the years. With book segments in India, the film is made mainly of three stories in Germany, illustrating the aftermath of the work of the Taylor-Eriksson group. This is an interesting set-up as these things go, but what sets this film apart is the way the images are set up so carefully to develop the movie fright. Bad things are unleashed and the general course of the film is a look at how the quest for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients, healers and others and the film is loaded with clever visual cues with the power of the dark forces with what it handles, dark forces untied by time, place or even personality. Good examples of this are found especially in the first story. It is about a journalist questioning a woman in a mental hospital. Previous to this story we saw Lars Eriksson and especially his witty (lazy) eye, we also see him healing or at least comforting a patient. The woman's mental patient of the first story is seen in the same attitude as Eriksson who cures a co-patient and also the canvases of the art class she runs among her co-patients, one of their photos is seen, a face with lazy eye like Eriksson. There are also references to people in trivial roles, extras and we walk with extra sensory perceptions of what is going on in the film, spreading the bad that has been triggered and being able to infect other people. There is more to the film philosophically than just angry, it is a film about death, suffering and possible salvation, also all bound in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be just exploitation but are more related to the real beliefs than one would expect (at least from the research I did on Wikipedia). Author / director Andreas Marschall definitely earns a significant credit for his ability to build the film. Apart from being considerate, the movie is quite cold. The soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a very ominous piano jingle and there are some notable performances, Michael Balaun as a sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot as a freaky patient. good. The third story also has a good turn from veteran Mathieu Carrière as a religious healer. The biggest problem with the movie is that it doesn't take much time, so the potential for fear is lost, but this and some other performances are pretty good. So, the movie isn't quite as enticing, sometimes even the play and the pacing, but mostly I thought it was pretty good, as a shadow short of its possible brilliance. Well take a look at adventurous horror fans I think.
