Where was this movie when I was a kid? After his parents split, Tadashi moved with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister lives with their father and they talk regularly about the phone. Grandpa is here every third day. Mom is never really home. The children always count on the poor child. At a village festival, Tadashi is chosen as the "kirin rider" or spiritual champion of peace and justice. Little does he soon suspect that he should actually enter the hero of the hero, as the forces of darkness agree with the rage of things thrown away in a plot to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. Well, that was the easy part. Now come the hard part, try to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> It's a great children's movie. No, it's a good movie, flawed, (very flawed?), But a good movie. It deploys like all the great books you loved as a child and is just as dense as Tadashi struggles to find the power to become a hero. I felt I had read a big book and thought how great it would be if it were a book. I loved that the movie didn't follow a normal path. Things often happen from cases or through miscommunication, one character being sucked into events simply because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and turns and moments that look like non-sequiters and are more and more beautiful for that (which is typically Miike). This is definitely a Takashi Miike movie. That the Japanese master of the film is clearly in control of a film that often touches, scary and funny all at the same time. No one except Miike seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly turn around when things get dark for a moment and then funny the next. I admire the fact that Miike has made a film that is pale and hopeful, which is not ashamed to be scary. I mean a lot of scary, especially for kids. It's the same dark area that has to be in the Harry Potter movies, but rarely is. It is a dark Grimmse story with humor. My first response to the sighting picture was that I couldn't believe anyone would start a children's movie with a picture of the end of the world, then I realized who made the movie. Hats off to Miike for making a movie that knows kids can handle the frightening images. <br /> <br /> It also works on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that make the bad guys are forged out of man's discarded litter. It's the rage to be thrown away that burns the monsters. One of the Yokai (Spirits) speaks of the rage that is thrown away because they feel dirty or too small when they are thrown. You also have one of the good guys who refuse to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do. This is a wild concept, but like other things plunge it to light this movie to another level. (There are many riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this movie is, as kids might not understand it, though many parents will) And of course there are those monsters. They drive the spectacle of cheese to spectacular with stops everywhere in the middle. Frankly, you have to forgive the inequality of their creation simply because they have to be hundreds if they are not thousands of monsters on the screen. The way is cool and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai that I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, it looks silly and yet you will cheer the little bugger and love every moment on Tadashi's head. (Acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen the old woodcuts of the strange Japanese monsters). I mentioned bugs, and there are a few. The effects are uneven, some of the sudden turns are a bit strange (though understandable) and a few other little things that now fade about two hours after watching the movie. Neither of them really hurt the movie, but most of them don't like being completely satisfied with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really loved this movie. I am pretty sure that if I saw it as a child, it would have been my favorite movie of all time. (where is the English dub?). See this movie. It's a good trip. (Besides that is a good introduction to the movies of Miike minus the blood and graphic sex)
