Created as Takashi Miike's "first family movie" - by people who didn't see zebra, presumably. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things further towards family friendliness, dilutes the darkness and cynicism to create a great fantasy fairy tale. A young boy is chosen fatefully to save the world from monsters and abominations of which they remain largely unaware. The movie is apparently bigger budget than anything else that Miike did, with lots of CGI creating fantasy world populated by strange creatures (the YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is a result of more nervous investors, but I think it's probably just that he wants to do something else. He is never a once-off pony, but is often accused of it. Maybe YOKAI was designed to silence the critics. Regardless, it is a wonderful project for Miike to create his unlimited imagination and invention. <br /> <br /> There is a very cartoon feel to the production, which makes Miyazaki's thoughts sparkle in places. The Yokai is based on an old series of comics based on Japanese folk tales, which also influenced Miyazaki (especially USE). It should be remembered that Miike has nothing like the budget of a Harry Potter movie to work with. The special effects won't be seamless Hollywood style work. Blue screening is especially obvious. However, some of the special effects are good, with some very well-animated creatures (a mixture of CG, stop-motion and puppetry). I think the little sock pop that pursued the heroes for much of the movie was * meant to look really cheap, and is getting better. :) The young boy who plays the hero of the movie does a very good job - it's so hard to find a pre-teen who actually understands the concept of acting, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a real talent (I see he has votes in the last 2 Miyazaki movies!). Chiaki Kuriyama is nice like the crook of the piece, but Mai Takahashi even made a bigger impression than the eleven prince Princess - yum yum! Those looking for another violent, perverse gangster movie are not going to find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you're a fan of Miike because of his imagination and white, there's plenty to do here . And it has the added bonus of being able to put it on any company you have :)
