It was broadcast on TV yesterday, so I decided to check it out. It was one of the last Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects related to their old 1992 Batman Animated Series. Then Jeff Matsuda summarized and re-invented Batman with his new The Batman series, but anyway, the story of this new Batman movie centered around the appearance of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, but Batman felt the need to stop her because of her extreme methods and meanwhile The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn who both work secretly with Carlton Duquesne. family problems) and another villain (later revealed in the movie) on a weapons smuggling operation, they also donated a bounty to the Batwoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they could be more than one? It's up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop Penguin's latest operation. For an animated movie, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another plus was the complete redesign of Penguin, which looks much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss we see in the comics, unlike its previous designs that borrowed elements of Tim Burton's vision of Pengium (sewer and circus freak). Although the movie contains a love subplot, it is never carried so far and the movie like Batman Forever is not derailed. The voice maker is standard quality for these direct-to-video projects (if only Batman: Phantasm's Mask took this route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said, despite running for a few very short 80 minutes, it manages to make a nice good (and complex) storyline complete with a few small turns and bucket lot of action. There is some downside, but Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click as a couple, although it is just referred to, Tim Drake (aka Robin) has little in the movie and to be honest, I was never a big fan of Paul Dini and Bruce Timm's Batman character design (especially in their Batman shows to BTAS), this The New Adventures of Batman and Robin then rather a well-built bulk -individual (similar to the Jeff Matsuda character model of The Batman). Bruce Wayne looks a little uncomfortable, those blue eyes make him look like Clark Kent and Bruce (though it's true, they look very similar). Another downside is Rupert Throne (no explanation as to why he is in this deal, but it is safe to say he has favor and what is a cut of the deal) that does a lot more, then hangs with the Penguim or hurt himself every time He shows a gun on someone (count how many times it happens in the movie and you will be surprised. Overall, a good Batman animated movie worth at least a rental.
