THIS POST MUST HAVE SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although it was 5 years after the series ended and WB is currently in the Justice League, this animation film is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well, if the Phantasm's mask complements the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero compliment the 15 episodes of Batman and Robin's adventures, then Mystery of the Batwoman compliment the last 24 episodes of the Gotham Knights version from Batman. Kevin Conroy once again gives a voice on performance that is nothing of excellence and perfection. I admit I was a little nice when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think of was the old 50's comic strips of Batman. But I was taken away by the Batwoman character, her look, her costume (which I accepted, inspired Bruce Wayne to create the costume on Batman Beyond) and the fact that this movie tells you who Batwoman is through. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a cameo look and I think the authors have tried to say that Bruce and Barbara had something between them as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is a small one and unfortunately there is no sign or mention of Dick Grayson aka Nightwing, who makes me believe he has established himself in Bludhaven (his city in the comics). /> <br /> Of the three Batwoman suspects, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, much like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a good job as one of the other suspects. As for the villains, I'm glad Penguin was one of them, but I didn't like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy doesn't sound right. The same thing goes for Robin. The new guy did well, but just as I got used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It's interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who votes Carlton Duquesne, is now the Joker's voice in the Batman series. And finally we see what Rupert Thorne looks like, as he didn't appear in the Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be missed. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as the voice of Bane, if he had to be replaced, they had the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wish they could use Two Face, Riddler, or the scary new version of the Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical score and especially the soft sound intro were excellent. I wish it was on a soundtrack and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge, along with her song, Betcha Neva. Although some feel that this movie is weaker than the Phantasm and Subzero Mask, I find it as strong and enjoyable as the rest, and as I said earlier, it is a full-length movie based on the Gotham Knights version of Batman, which I think gives a good balance. At least I would recommend renting this DVD first before buying it for those who might be learning about this movie, but it is worth buying it. I give Mystery of the Batwoman a 9.
