'Capital City' fans rejoice! This first season of this series is now available from Network DVD and I recently got my copy! Although much an ensemble piece of key dealer strength, 'maverick', 'CAPITAL CITY', we offer us with several moments through the first and second seasons, when every member of the team plays an important role in a particular central or peripheral plot line. The cultural mix (English, Irish, American, German, Polish) of Wendy's Foley's main dealer (played by Joanna Phillips-Lane) staff is balanced with their own distinctive ways, interests and personalities that help the rather unknown and, to the Most people, seemingly sterile subject of financial trading, reasonably participate in the engaging actions of the cast. In fact, this seemingly dynamic young team of employees is in direct contrast to the previously standing and old-fashioned senior management of Shane Longman, represented by Lee Wolf (Richard Le Parmentier) and James Farrell (Denys Hawthorne). I suspect that such an unconventional practice as would have been employed by Wendy's team would not have been if it were not for the youthful, luxurious 'free spirit'. Peter Longman inherited his thirty percent stock of his father's company and has become a more trendy, relaxed modern business world. To a certain extent, Wendy's (which I led to believe) immediately follows supervisor Leonard Ansen (John Bowe) in the traditional way of running the company, but his love for Wendy sees him most often the middle ground. The main interest in the series is, according to me, the result of the simmering romantic attraction between Douglas Hodge's Declan and the cool, confident blonde port German dealer Michelle Hauptmann (played by Trevyn McDowell), who has constantly been wondering whether the situation between these is Two colleagues would further develop as the friendship / charity they undoubtedly have. <br /> <br /> We look forward to browsing through this title, and hopefully the second season of thirteen won't be too far!
