It starts with several of the principles on a stage career to Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the manager and starts his usual tirade against women in general, with his girlfriend Pearl an exception. He then tells a cut version of Samson's biblical story to justify his preservation of long bowls against Pearl's desires. The city captain is no less, and whoever claims everyone has followed his example would be out of business. This point will return to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby seems to be an annoyance for some reviewers, but is a definite plus for this one. It's too bad that he wasn't in more of the better Randoph Scott westerners to help relieve Randy's ordinary ice cream blend. Also at this stage, Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, Celia Wallace), with whom he acquainted, and a little girl (Myrtle), to whom he soon became a hero when saving her. the runaway stage after being stopped by Randy's wheelchair-bound uncle John Armin (George Cleveland), who mainly manages the town. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle, and further, himself, is not really popular with the townspeople. However, he quickly formed a useful friendship with Gabby. Having learned that Uncle John was responsible for raising his business competition, Celia Wallace, and the accompanying murder, he demanded that Uncle John repay the money and decided to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) instead from Uncle John. <br /> <br /> As his rival's prospects rise, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, such as Letty Tyler) in the Wallace office to keep him informed of when their ore from the mines to the village so that he can sabotage their run. When it doesn't work, he overcame the draconian tactics to set up an arson of his own office, for which Randy was found guilty. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment offending her with suggestive evidence that his uncle John was over. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. It puts him and Letty in the doghouse with Celia (his apparent beau) and Ted (who wants to get rid of Letty). This news also ends with Uncle John's confidence in Letty as an informant, and he suggests leaving the town. Instead, she switched sides and told the Wallaces why Randy was in her flat. Uncle John tries to sabotage their ore again, and if it fails, there is a general shooting in the town. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well-constructed and executed, with complex relationships between the principles and with a variety of obstacles that Randy can overcome, with the help of his associates. Randy was at least spared to bring the uncle to justice. Uncle John has a choice to avoid murder, but has arrogantly trusted that a woman will not bother to carry out her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful healthy single women as well as little Myrtle helped greatly ease the otherwise tense atmosphere of this struggle for survival, as Uncle John put it. It seems odd that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl, gets the best female bill on Catherine Craig, Randy's love affair. Barbara's camera time was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on the Lassie TV series with George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find him playing such a deceptive villain. We can wonder if his wheelchair-bound status has an influence on this persona. It leaves him with little options to live in the Wild West. Without an apparent family to support him (except Randy), he can't afford to give up a few, beat him out of the lucrative business in town. On the other hand, he probably reached his status as the city's boss from his talks before becoming wheelchair-bound.
