The summary line above, spoken by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) says about everything. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way of making things happen, only trouble is, usually he leaves bodies where he is. Not the kind of mentorship Tom is aiming for younger brother Jeff, who likes it as he sees in Jim, especially when they defend their farm against the local Texas cats. <br /> <br /> The opening credits set John Barrymore Jr. known as the Younger Brother, in this his first screen appearance. It seemed strange to me, especially since he was almost immediately addressed in the story as Jeff. About eighteen at the time of this film, he has a staggering deal with Sean Penn. No stranger to personal and legal problems throughout his career, as well as alienation from his family, I asked if his daughter, Drew Barrymore, could ever see this photo. I tend not to think. <br /> <br /> On the subject of similarities, I was also struck by the idea that young Robert Sterling looked like Roy Rogers early in his career. Because Sterling only knew about his role as George Kerby in the early 1950's TV series 'Topper', he thought he was looking in a Western place, but that could just be me. His character is encouraged by his brother's ingenuity to create problems, and offers some of the nobility to this not so typical story. Mr. John Gall (John Litel) died with his son, the Sheriff (who died Kid Wichita), and the upset marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (killing Kid Wichita). Chill Wills starred as one of Tom Cloud's hired hands and featured in the somewhat predictable finale. <br /> <br /> What is not quite predictable is how things finally get excited, and so these Western earning points are for a lesser traveler, so not quite as formal a plot, as very good brother / bad brother western do. Combined with the eclectic casting of the principals, this is one that I would recommend, even if you have to endure the jumble and messy editing I have made with my copy.
