A glacier slip in a hollow ice mountain sends its three characters who lay down a never-ending water slide tube, which has enough kick to blind children in the same way adult audiences can shine through the 2001 star gate series: a Space Odyssey. Miles apart in vision, but it is a scene of great speed and excitement. A beautiful opening sequence also occurs where a hairy squirrel-like butter tries to hide his precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but as it happens, he starts a domino effect when the mountain starts to crack and, as a result, causes a deluge. The horror just keeps going when the wanderer tries to bypass the impossible. <br /> <br /> The movie traces two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a late-night sloth (John Leguizamo) while trying to migrate south. They find a human baby they adopt and then decide to locate the older figures to return to them. They are joined by a more savvy, named Diego (Denis Leary) whose intention is to bring the baby to his tiger clan, by leading the mammoth and the sloth into a trap. Diego's carnivorous family wants the mammoth most of all, but Diego's learned values ​​of friendship easily make whatever choice to ultimately make. <br /> <br /> There are fatalistic natural hazards of the world along the journey, including an eruption of volcano and a glacier bridge that merges briefly, reminiscent of the castle flight in Shrek. Characters consider why they are in the ice age, while calling it The Big Chill or the Nippy Era. Some characters want a future global warming. Another good rule about mating problems between girlfriends: "All the guys are never around. The sensitive children are eaten. 'Throwing routes lines, whimsical comedy and a light finger adventure make this one pretty easy to watch. Foods are also so scarce for the tasty vegetarians that they consider flowers and pineapples to be "good eating habits". <br /> <br /> Romano, Leguizamo, and Leary's vocal talents are good at their personas, while the kids will entertain their surprises, adults will desire their riffs on their own talents. There is some violence and intense content, but children will be jazzed by the excitement and get one of their early introductions to the age-old struggle of good to evil, and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic ties. The animators also make majestic use of cute landscapes. <br /> <br />
