"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon films ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the company's first. We were introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named Scrat (pronounced by Chris Wedge, and note: the sound of Scrat's screams is the sound of Tom's screams of "Tom and Jerry" cartoons), a woolly mammoth named Manny by Ray Romano of "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a sloth named Sid (pronounced by John Leguizamo of Titan AE) and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (pronounced by Denis Leary of Pixar's "A Bug's Life "). /> <br /> The movie opens with Scrat to bury an acorn and then he caused a deluge. We then see a flock looking south for the coming ice age (except Manny, who is going to look for other mammoths the way he looks). Sid came out of his cave and saw that his family had left him. He then pays toll with a few earthquakes. Unfortunately, he is pursued by Sylvia (pronounced by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a female orange sloth, who wants Sid to migrate with her. Sid eventually acted with Manny, and they became friends. Meanwhile, near a human tribe, Soto (pronounced by Goran Visnjic), an evil saber-toothed tiger, he wants to take revenge against the tribe's leader to wipe out half his suit, only through his baby son, Roshan , stealing from him. In the morning, Diego, and Soto's henchmen Lenny (pronounced by Alan Tudyk), attacked Oscar (pronounced by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (pronounced by Jack Black), but the leader's wife escaped Roshan and given him. to Manny and Sid to check. Eventually Diego joins them, and travels to return Roshan to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? Besides Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, the supporting characters there, including a pack of wolves using Roshan's tribe, and not a thick female purple sloth called Jennifer (pronounced by Jane Krakowski), and A skinny female yellow sloth named Rachel (pronounced by Lorri Bagley), to whom Sid shows Roshan while relaxing in a tar farm. Incidentally, the two rhinos, Carl (pronounced by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI's Madagascar) and Frank (pronounced by Stephen Root of Pixar's Finding Nemo), who go to Sid to destroy their meal and confront Manny on a cliff, are simple minor characters. The same goes for the dodos, which use melons as their food supplies. <br /> <br /> The gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his skirt and says, "I WILL NOT!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the pit, Sid asks Jennifer: "What do you say when we jump into the pool and see what happens?" Jennifer then responds to him, "What do you say when you jump in the TAR PIT?" Rachel also kicks Sid in the middle. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid at the neck with his teeth, then asks Sid if he is holding his breath, telling Diego to eat him, and going away immediately. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice Age" is not only a success but it has 2 sequels: the first one was Ice Age: The Meltdown, released in 2006, and the other was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs "to be released next year. I almost can't wait to see what "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will be.
