Slaughtering Hope begins like any other day at Doddsville County High School, where little Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) trampled the resident nerd Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) in the girls' dressing rooms where she told him to escape into the shower. Carol's gang friends come in and give the nude-naked Marty a big surprise while filming him as they put the girls' head in the fool's joke joke. The school sports coach (Marc Smith) rescues Marty and punishes the gang Marty rather horrifies, deciding to play another trick on him. This time things get out of hand & Marty is caught in an explosion and has nitric acid over his face. Years later, the whole gang is invited to a class meeting at the school that is now closed. They all come to discover that they are the only ones. They dare all inside where they quickly learn they are not the only ones there, because Marty is back and has revenge on his mind ... <br /> <br /> Originally shot under the title April Fool's Day, which they probably change because of another treasure movie called April Fool's Day (1986) the same year this American English co-production is unusual because it has three credited writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never having a movie with three credited director I have seen twice now, the other is the Jean-Claude Van Damme movie Kickboxer (1989) and I must say that I really loved Slaughter High, although it seems to be a very bad reputation is. One of the things I like about the script is that it is a purely unashamed slasher flick, it doesn't try to be anything else and it only accepts the genre rules, shortcomings and bumps and plays to them. Basically, it delivers what it promises, a murderous, blood, boobs and babes. I thought the character is good, the story was OK, although it is just an excuse to get a load of teenagers in a separate place so that some killers can bump them at once. something Slaughter High gets a lot of luck for. The first half starts a bit slow, but the second half moves at a button when there is one gory after the other. Some of the situations and character reactions make little sense, but the same can be said of just about any movie ever made, so who complains? <br /> <br /> In spite of three credited directors' Slaughter High, it looked pretty good, I chose the look. much of the movie. The isolated relay school made for a very atmospheric place and looks good, the makers also throw in a good thunderstorm and there are some nice photos, especially at the end where there are many impressive uninterrupted, long-lasting stedicam traces that Carol through several corridors of the finished school. Although not particularly stylish, it certainly looks good enough and is made professional. There are a few good gores here, including burned bodies, people with acid, impulses, gastric explosions, scars in faces and death by lawnmower, as well as someone drowning in the fecal matter! The special effects are also better than one would expect and I was both impressed and satisfied with the higher than expected body number. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is better than I expected and beating most low budget horror crap released today, I thought it was relatively low budget though. It's been shot in America. It was shot very clearly in England. Harry Manfredini compiles another score that sounds exactly like all his other musical scores and is basically the same as Friday's 13th (1980s) theme and it's prosecuted. Anyone living here in the UK is likely to recognize Billy Hartman who plays Frank as a regular in Emmerdale Farm (one of our nation's top-rated soap operas), playing Terry Woods! While most horror fans will recognize sexy Caroline Munro in a rare staring role. Legendary exploitation producer Dick Randall has appeared on Slaughter High & actually in the movie as a porn movie producer ... talk about typing! You can also see a poster for the misunderstood brilliance, it was Pieces (1982) that he also produced behind him in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slasher movie I liked very much, did you see it? I didn't say it was great I actually said I kept it on personal level and I'm sure the predictable plot and lack of story will probably be a lot off so I can't recommend it, but I can say I liked it have what you want. Make sure you look at the uncut version if you ever decide to see it. If you are not a fan of the slasher flick genre then Slaughter High will change, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, then you can do much worse than that.
