God bless 80's treasure movies. It's a fun, fun movie. This is what slasherfilms are about. Now I don't say horror movies, just treasure movies. It goes as follows: A high school nerd is tackled by all those stupid jocks and cheerleaders, and then one of their pranks goes terribly wrong. Marty started to kill and retaliate for ten years later, playing a Joker / Jester mask. He managed to believe that they were leaving high school. with a reunion. It's basically the plot? What's wrong with that? That's the beauty of 80's treasure movies, most of them I will say. Many things can be so ridiculous, but they keep you in a 'like' way. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> It contains some outrageous murders, and some are also very creative. (Poisoning of a beer cake, acid bath, I can't remember a javelin throw ever used in any other slasher movie). It's really a fun, fun movie. That's all it is. Never remember that the characters are complete idiots, no matter how stupid they are, and never care for the shameful, random things in this movie. Like lights that can be controlled by the killer (when he doesn't even change a button, you will see) and toilets can accumulate blood, baths that can get sour, just use it as part of your entertainment! Because that's what makes it really entertaining. <br /> <br /> Movies like this represent 80's slides. Never made movies like this, why know? It's not the 80's. That's why you just have to cherish what they are, fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a hardcore fan of Slahsers, like Friday the 13th. <br /> <br /> One last note had this movie also Marty Rantzen, a kick villain. A disfigured, nerd, killing all of his old enemies in a creepy Jester mask. A good villain makes a good treasure. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, allegedly committed suicide shortly after the high battle. This alone adds something creepy to the movie, and keeps it that way and it even makes you sorry for the Marty character, I think. All in all, wonderful 80's are great! It's a pity that it will never be the same again.
