Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who portrays art from the least "artificial" objects. Daily items such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc. - Items that most of you regard as utilitarian in turn and reject entirely aesthetic merits - are transformed into glorious objects in Burtynsky's camera. He achieved this result by focusing on the repetitive colors and geometric patterns that are apparently ever present in the industrialized world - for those who are striking enough to spot it. Even heaps of compact waste can become objects of beauty when seen through Burtynsky's lens (but didn't we know about Wall-E?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where humans have invaded nature - which can explain why even the people in his pictures (ie workers in those places) with their uniform clothes and robotic movements become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Made Landscapes," a documentary on Burtynsky's work, has a lot of feelings about a Koyaanisqatsi about it, as it surprises us with its richly decorated kaleidoscope of images and patterns. Indeed, director Jennifer Baichwal and film maker Peter Mettler capture the core of the original photographs in pure movie terms, as their own camera captures Burtynsky and his assistant in a factory in China, a site in Bangladesh and the building site at the massive Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China. With their liquid camera work, the filmmakers fit point-by-point the beauty of Burtynsky's images. In fact, the movie opens with an incredible eight-minute trace from a Chinese factory in which hundreds of similar dressed workers throw away in perfect symmetrical and color-coordinated rows. <br /> <br /> The film does less Well, when Burtynsky gets around to articulate the "themes" of his work, which frankly comes out, confuses, contradicts and definitely half-baked, at best. But it is a purely aesthetic experience, emphasizing the image and form that "Manufactured Landscapes" resonate the most. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps, a picture is worth a thousand words.
