It is a documentary that came from the beautiful work of a Canadian landscape photographer, whose interest has long been left in the devastation on earth by human excavations or buildings. It starts with a large factory complex packed with people who make a great variety of small things, parts of high-tech equipment presumably; it is not really made clear. The emphasis is on how big the place is and how many people there are and how they are swept around in small yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a long structure to do another crowd of these people outside the factory and talk to his crew as he does. It is a world of relentless industrialization. It is a relief to at least know that these melancholy images will not be presented without a human voice, as in Nikolaus Geyrhalter's happy cold documentary on the food industry, Our Daily Bread. 'Manufactured Landscapes' contain images of people who remove e-waste and a town (many towns) is actually wiped out by the largest dam. With a single remarkable brand shot of a little girl in the rubble in her own environment eating out a bowl of some chopsticks almost bigger than she is. Some of these scenes, those with miserable underpaid workers hitting dangerous and toxic places, may be shot by leading engaging photographer Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not as interested in seeing people close. His orientation places him somewhere between Salgado and the cold, neutral, modern landscape photographs of Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All of this is happening in China, although there were earlier photographs in black and white by the photographer working around a large shipyard in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in a New Age industrial style that is alternately soothing and repressive. There are quite a few stills of the photographer's work - or are some of them made by the film staff? It's not made clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the photographer's name. We see people wandering through exhibits of his beautiful work - great dramatic prints of carefully composed camera color images with a beautiful shine. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and glorious photographs of places that have been shaken up and that the ordinary eye is too boring and boring. He admits that he has no political position. When we compare his images with those captured by the movie of the film's cinematographer Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work is almost a kind of glorification and therefore forgery. But he shows us places that, if we look now, reveal their full dark story of devastation and neglect, no matter how fine they are. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not quite happy, Burtynsky whose voice recording speaks most of the movie, as it varies across sites. Burtynsky's "epiphany" can inspire his decades of fine work, but they are nothing but truism about how to change the planet irreparably; depends on running oil; that China came late in the game of massive industrialization, and it could burn out early with the exhaustion of fossil fuel. The interest in 'Manufactured Landscapes' would be much greater if there were perceptive new ideas to accompany them. The reasons to look at it are two: to see Burtynsky's work and the raw materials, the spaces he visits, and twists so beautifully; and to observe plays of the great, awesome, frightening and rather terrible industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the title "Manufactured Landscapes" feels insufficiently developed. It even seems a misunderstanding. New provinces they are, but they are the by-product of manufacturing rather than "manufactured." "Landscapes of Waste" or "Graded Landscapes" can be better titles. There is a lot of space left over by this documentary for more intellectual search on film about this intriguing subject; And those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky can do better to read his books or exhibitions.
