As soon as I knew that Keira Knighteley was in this movie, I said, "I must see this movie." She is the undisputed main character, Domino, a bounty hunter. Her "work", as the "no action" scenes would teach us, reflected her rebel, violent attitude to life. I have to admit that this is the very first time I watch an action movie, the most important of which is the one where guns are far from characters' hands. So, it bumped me a little. Anyway, for all the John Woo fans, there are helicopters that fall, explosions, firearms as if it is raining and a beautiful Keira shooting with two machine guns, one by hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Go beyond Keira, who in this movie is a real tomboy, very different from the beautiful action figure we are used to seeing, Mickey Rourke is back, with his usual slap-thrown face and his strong body. Christopher Walken does his job very well, as a manufacturer of the reality program. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the content: this movie has a journalistic form. The talk show scene is "disgustingly" real. Anyone who watched that cargo. . . you-know-who can say it's the air you breathe in those situations. As well as the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that Domino's life should show is "dirty, there is no offense", he replies, "I do not take it as an offense". This movie portrays a difficult life. Domino, come from a world she didn't want, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so abundant", Choco (the third man of the group), which family (with Ed's words), "the correctional institutions he was in," and Alf, the driver / bomber coming from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people somehow represents humanity born "without the shirt"; Unfortunately, violently, and with nothing to lose, they judge (as they would consider) miserable lives. The intro of the film says it is "inspired by true story ... more or less" so I can't tell you how many of these things are true. Anyway, beyond explosions and decades of weapons (which could be added to make the movie easier to classify as an action movie), the characters' story is too realistic to be "edulcorated". <br /> <br /> The interaction between characters is numerous, well studied, and certainly not boring. What didn't convince me so much was the role of psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober than never in her acting career). This only represents why Domino started telling her story (and that's a story). Probably, the only "con" in a movie with many benefits. <br /> <br /> All in all: it's not "SWAT". The characters are produced; they have an identity, a form. They have a name and a surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). That is to say, it's the biography of a girl whose life has gone as fast as a bullet.
