Advance notice: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I see the preview for this movie, I think "Finally!" I have another movie about popular African-influenced dance (whether it's a popular hip hop, break or stepping) where the main character was a black woman. I saw an exorbitant amount of movies where a non-black woman who knew nothing of hip-hop came chilling and doing a mediocre job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but the black women in the movie are almost inconsistent. It always bothered me to consider and break lots of hip hop, African-influenced dance with blacks and latinos in large quantities in these particular sets and it wasn't always men who did it. I felt this movie was coming a long time. However, the race does not make the movie, so I also wanted it to be a credible plot. the dance is entertaining; and interesting to look at. <br /> <br /> Before: I really enjoyed this movie that brings Jamaican culture. I can't remember ever seeing a popular mainstream movie where all the main characters were Jamaica; had credible accents; and was not stereotypical with the sleeves. The steppers, family, friends, and even the "boefies" were all very intelligent, realistic people trying to love, live and survive in the environment in which they lived by doing something positive. Even when the audience was made aware that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, it didn't make the stereotype the plot. I was happy with the way it was portrayed. I loved the stairs; the romantic flirty relationship between two steppers; the trials passed by the main characters' parents; and how she handled came back to her old environment and with Krabs in a barrel. I respected that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and so many other cystas in the movie were in the step world. They were all just as good as the fellas. I don't see it in too many movies these days, at least not those that will be considered black movies. Disadvantages: I am not quite sure why the directors or those who put the film together did so. but I questioned if they were in real walking. When the steppers got ready to perform, a hip hop song would play instead of the steppers' hand / foot. There is no need for music at a real hiking show, except to entertain the crowd among groups. And when the hip hop songs were played, the beating of the song was sometimes beating the steppers' hands and feet. It was uncomfortable. I was more impressed with the step in this movie versus Stomp the Yard (another big movie), because the women suggested as violently as the guys. In 'Stamp the Yard', Meagan Good has for a few seconds flipped a couple of coils and hair and the (Deltas?) Left a chorus and a few steps and was cut immediately. Even when there were many small scenes, the ladies excavated it, especially in the car shop, and it was without music to drown out their physical music. I know that soundtracks have to be sold, but the movie people could have played the music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a Keyshia Cole fan, so every time I saw her, everyone I thought was, "Was it written to her in writing for her hand constantly on her hip when she speaks? " She looked at me uncomfortably on the screen. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi instead. However, coach Davis was as usual funny. I also moaned when I found out that the movie was supposed to be in the ghetto, like stepping, could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. But just a few people are portrayed as excessively ignorant because of their environment and losers, which mainstream movies tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this movie five stars, but the music killed it. for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out and hopefully the bonus styles will include the real walking shows without all the songs.
