In Canadian director Kari Skogland's film adaptation of Margaret Laurence novel The Stone Angel Ellen Burstyn, Hagar Shipley, a proud and cantanker woman approaching her nineties, who wants to remain independent until the end and refuses to go through her in a nursing home. well-meaning son Marvin. The Steen Engel was filmed in Manitoba, Canada and settled in the fictional town of Manawaka. The stone walk is a simple and conventional interpretation of the book to be read in the Canadian high school in nearly half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the film comes from the stone image erected on Hagar's mother's grave, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotion during her turbulent lifetime. Burstyn plays the role of vulnerability and humor, but is a bit too nice to fully realize the ego-driven self-control character that her rich father, her benevolent but alcoholic man, and both sons managed to alienate. As she comes near the end of her days, she reflects that "pride was my desert and the devil that led me was fear. I was alone, never anything else, and never free, because I have my chains in me. carried out of me and tackled everything I touched. "<br /> <br /> To spend her last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks back at her life and looks at her failed relationships, her memories in flashbacks without voice are displayed. - about narration. The story begins with a dance she attended as a young girl. Along with her aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, the formerly married Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the village is sullid due to his association with the Native American population. The young Hagar is played by Christine Horne, who is exceptional in her first feature. In spite of Hagar's plea, her relationship with Bram was rejected by her cold and rigid father whose refusal to attend the wedding started the wrong way. This is exacerbated by leaving his money at the town of Manawaka, condemning the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> By moving the movements of her marriage to Bram, Hagar withdraws from social activities to prevent it being rejected by the town's higher classes. When she produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), they cannot give the love they need. "Every joy I held in my husband or a child of mine or even the normal light of the morning," she reflects, "everyone is forced to stop by a few breaks of proper appearances? Speaking of the truth? "Like the Biblical Hagar who fled to the desert because she could no longer tolerate her pride, Hagar left Manawaka to stay in Ontario, but eventually returned to the Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> While returning to the Present, Hagar walks away to a deserted home near the ocean which she recalls from her childhood to escape in a nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy ) to be. Here she meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and forces her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. The Steen Engel pulls out all the emotional quietest, but never develops his characters to the point where I had a role in the story's outcome. Although the enthusiastic performance by Ellen Page as John's dedicated but naive girl and moving final scenes brings a new energy to the film's second half.
