Airport '77 starts as a brand new luxury 747 aircraft is filled with valuable paintings and such belonging to the rich businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who flies them and a bunch of VIPs to his property in preparation for it being opened to the public. museum is also aboard Stevens daughter Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) & her son. The luxurious jetliner starts as planned, but the plane is hacked by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two co-banker (Monte Markham) & Wilson (Michael Pataki) who knock the passengers and the crew with sleeping gas they plan to steal the valuable freight and land on an undeveloped airstrip on an isolated island, but as he does his descent, the chambers are almost hit an oil rich in the sea and lose control of the plane that sends it down into the sea, where it sinks to the right bottom of the center. Bermuda Triangle. With scarce air that leaks water in & has flown over 200 miles of course, the troubles of survivors lift as they await help over time, running fast ... Also known during the slightly different tile airport 1977 this second successor to the smash - This disaster thriller airport (1970) was directed by Jerry Jameson & while once again like the predecessors I can't say Airport '77 is any kind of forgotten classic it's entertaining but not necessarily for real reasons. Out of the three airport films I've seen so far, I actually liked this one, the best. It has my favorite plot of the three with a nice mid-air hi-jacking and then crashing (so he doesn't oil the rig?) & Sink of 747 (maybe the decision makers tried to cross the original airport with another Poseidon Adventure (1972)) and submerged is where it stays at the end with an offensive dilemma towards those trapped inside, either smothered when the air runs out or drowns like 747 floods or if any of the doors are opened and it is a decent idea that could have made for a big little disaster flap but poor unsympathetic character, boring dialogue, dullness set and a real lack of danger or tension or tension means that this is a missed opportunity. While the rather sluggish plot keeps one entertained for 108 odd minutes, not much happens after the plan drops and there is not as much urgency as I thought there should have been. Even when the fleet gets involved, things don't pick up so much with a few shots of big ships and helicopters flying over, but there is only one thing missing here. George Kennedy as the jinxed airline worker Joe Patroni is back but gets just a few scenes and even doesn't say anything that prefers to look just worried in the background. The home video and theater version of Airport '77 runs 108 minutes, while the American TV versions add an extra hour of recordings, including a new opening bonus order, many more scenes with George Kennedy like Patroni, flashbacks to wipe out character, longer rescue scenes and the discovery or another number of dead bodies, including the navigator. While I would like to see this extra footage, I am not sure I could sit through an almost three hour cutting of Airport '77. As expected, the movie is poorly dated with terrible fashion and interior choices, I would say nothing other than the effects of the toy plane are not great either. Along with the two other airport sequences, it is proud of the place in the Razzie's Hall of Shame award, although I can think of many worse movies than this, so I expect it to be a bit hard. The action scenes are a bit boring, unfortunately the pace is slow and not much excitement is generated, which is a shame as I expect this could have been a pretty good movie if it was made correctly. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are fine, if nothing spectacular. The actor is not amazing, the two-hour Oscar winner Jack Lemmon has said when it was a mistake to steal in this once-Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and fragile, and even once Oscar winner Lee Grant looks full while Sir Christopher Lee is given a little to do and there are lots of other familiar faces to watch out for. <br /> <br /> Airport'77 is the most disaster-oriented of the three airport films so far, and I liked the ideas behind it though, although they were a little stupid, the production & bland didn't help, and a movie about a sunken aircraft just should not be so boring or dull. Followed by The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
