When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see Interiors. It was one of many movies I saw with my parents, but it was the only one we went out of. Since then I had never seen Interiors until recently, and I could have lived out the rest of my life without it. What a pretentious, eerie and painfully boring 70's wine and cheese stick. Woody Allen is one of my favorite instructors, but Interiors is by far the worst part of his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angled, subdued insight into the family life that is carried out by the psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, non-love, halitosis, regardless. The film intentionally has no comic relief, no music and is steeped in shady pathos. This film style can best be defined as expressionist in nature by means of an improvisation method of dialogue to illegally a "more pronounced depth of meaning and truth". But Woody Allen is no Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But beyond that, I simply had no connection or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead, I only felt contempt for this parade of shuffling, whining, nicotine colored, martyrs in an eternal quest for identity. In the midst of cosmopolitan prosperity and baked Brie intelligentsia, the story tells as a speed in space. Everyone speaks in affected platitudes and elevated language between cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", desperate to find direction or understanding or anything, and it just goes on and on to the point where you just want to beat them all. It's never about resolution, it's just about interminable introspective babble. It is no more than a psychological drama taken to an extreme beyond the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen chose to make the characters so immersed in themselves that we feel left out. And so I found this film painfully even indulgent and spiritual drainage. I see what he needs, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac prose and distorted film techniques is starting to make it relevant. I highly recommend this if you feel a little too happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise let's just pretend that this movie never happened.
