The summer season is here when the selections in the theaters are limited to what is the hottest movie of the week, as 99.9% of the screens are dedicated to screen it. OK, so I can exaggerate on the percentage, but you get my operation. Besides things from Hollywood, Bollywood also has their own share of highly anticipated blockbusters, and from some of the trailers shown, I'm hyped to see them too. Tashan was billed as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was totally surprised at the lower than low turnout in the cinemas. When I saw Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After seeing it, I knew why. It was entertaining, but it was fundamentally weak. Just as it is a literal English title, meaning "Style", Tashan is all style but small substance. Not that it doesn't have the usual star power, but scenes felt compelled, and some limits to a bit ridiculous, even to Bollywood standards, I have to say. It is quite surprising when Tashan is instructed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed tremendously. <br /> <br /> In his novice excursion with Tashan, while you can't fault his direction, you'll probably scratch your head over the plot, which at best was lumpy. It tried to force too many things into the story, even though credit was given where it allowed you to question motivation, but it came a little too late and only against the final, which left guessing for a moment before it locked In full blown action, many mimic a Thai action movie, with Hong Kong's wirework and Hollywood's ridiculous firearms and zero recoil gun games. And in an effort to include everything including the kitchen sink, you have a selection of vehicles displayed and the one who took the cake in a Dhoom 2 tribute was the jet ski boat in the middle of the sky. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be enjoyed as an unintentional comedy, and this is attributed to how the cast hammered up their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who teaches English, only as a platform for fishing out new girlfriend material. His playboy ways are junk aside as he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly the one she thinks, the delicate and sweet natured hottie. She engages Jimmy's services to her boss, mobster Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets most of the laughs as he speaks broken English and sentences like how an ah beng does it. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate employee of Bhaiyyaji to hunt Jimmy and Pooja as they escape with money stolen from Bahiyyaji's business. <br /> <br /> Then a road tour of battles begins, with friends who turned enemies, and enemies you know become friends as the road transport carries on. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most incredible of all because he goes from zero to hero, performing movements that would shame Rambo, in absolutely no time, which is completely out of character. Kareena Kapoor reinforces the gender factor as she uses her charm to awaken both men, and has plenty of opportunities to do so with the very pointed bikini scenes and other costumes that boast of throwing the throat or hampering the knee. Each character has created a background and I thought that Akshay Kumar's Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, most touching and fun of the party, although his character seemed much like a non-green incredible hollow with gravity and power packing strokes. His wounds also heal automatically, which impressively puts Wolverine to shame. And the best part is his theme song, which is stupid alpha-male and is played in raw fashion every time he accepts opponents. <br /> <br /> But sad to say, this is the only melody that is memorable, something that crazy "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most Bollywood movies I see, I will usually be able to get out of screenings that burn a tune or two, despite the obvious language laps. I wasn't able to do that after Tashan, because the songs were unfortunately not captivating at all. Usually the song / dance routine works well in history without the need to bring the characters out of the current scene or location. That I enjoy it in terms of picking them out and plunging them into extreme surroundings high on top of a mountain or on top of creepy cliffs on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably didn't take seriously, but came from the history of Vijay Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something a little more decent than the ridiculous, and for continuity also to be a little more careful. Billed as a blockbuster, now I can begin to understand why the crowds have already removed it. Despite the fact that Akshay Kumr stole the show, Tashan could have been better at it all.
