The sight of Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is all about the only thing that wakes you up from your sleep while watching Tashan ?? the mega-disappointing, insane new movie on the cinemas over the weekend. Bad movies are bad movies, and we see some every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a horrible movie. Terrible because it takes its audience for granted, terrible too because the filmmakers expect to get away without a plot or common sense because they have great movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you would describe as a road movie, but one that goes in all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan stars as Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who is employed to teach English to Bhaiyyaji - it's Anil Kapoor who plays an ambitious UP gangster who is desperate to get cool. Jimmy has looked at Pooja, the gangster's beautiful young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor) who uses Jimmy to scam his boss with 25 crore rupees. Determined to recover his money and also to punish both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted male to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the gangster's faithful aid from Kanpur, who tracks down the sinners and restores the stolen money hidden across the country's length and breadth. Like the poor 80's potboilers, Tashan is also held together by a wireless script centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so over-the-top, so indulgent that it does not create any connection. Instead of a coherent manuscript or a traditional three-act structure, you get a handful of pieces where most of the scenes are loosely constructed. The guile song in the desert, the ball-dodging action scene at a Rajasthani fort, the Kareenas bikini moment, even the ridiculous climatic action scene complete with shaolin monks, a water scooter zipping through a dirty naala, and believing it or not, even a Dhanno - Put the horse-driven tonga. In all fairness, not all of these solid pieces are done hard - the item in the desert is quite neat indeed - but very little of it makes sense in the bigger picture because you just go from one piece to another without the help of the script really. Little do you expect in a seemingly fast roadmap to find a morbid sentimental feedback on childhood tax. You see the problem with Tashan, no one associated with this movie, knew which movie they were making. Moreover, I also don't think they cared about each other - the film series of arrogance. Namely, packing in elements of each genre without bothering to stop and see if the mix works, Tashan is like an overcooked stew. There are movies that kill you softly and then there is Tashan, a movie that kills you with profits. Packed snazzily with blank-finish camera work, exotic locations and fancy costumes, each movie movie probably costs lakhs to put together, but it still feels like a hole in the end, because the story doesn't last. Borrowing story from Tarantino and style from Stephen Chow also doesn't help because they don't interfere with the movie's wafer-thin plot. One might have complained a little less if the characters were more engaging, but Anil Kapoor's Grating Hinglish dialogue makes you want to split your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan fumbles through the movie stupidly, unable to find her feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, queen of over-the-top delivery, does a decent job. But of course, if Tashan is rescued to some extent, thanks to Akshay Kumar's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to character. You crawl when he repeats his steps repeatedly, and you scowl when he delivers the double-dynamic dialogues, but for a moment you can take your eyes off the screen when he's up there. Despite some good music from Vishal-Shekhar, the songs look as though they only prolong your misery. Well that's because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you didn't know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say this movie has no one.
