I wanted to have written about the story, but there was no one. I would have liked to quote a couple of hard-hit dialogues from the movie, but "hammock" is only fun as for 5 minutes after it is overkill. I would like to swim over the 'keep-you-guessing suspense, but it was as predictable as ... um mm, a Yash raj movie (?). I wanted to talk about edge-of-the-seat action, but I don't like cartoons much. <br /> <br /> * sigh * All in all, this movie is perfect for: 1. People who attempt suicide - I promise it will push you over the edge 2. Sado-masochists - This movie is far more effective than the one barbed wire that Silas guy in the Da-Vinci code had. 3. People are exploring alternative ways of spreading terrorism - I swear to the audience leaving the hall seemed to be in the mood to kill any 4. Movie Pirates: More power to them. If any movie doesn't deserve to have the audience spend money to watch - that's it. 5.Barnacles, most types of plankton & green algae - Because almost every other living thing would require an IQ factor somewhat larger than what the film offers. Reflection: The film director is, of course, a distinctive character. (And I hope for God that he is the only one of his kind. Sometime is enough). Things that could have made this a better movie: 1. A story 2. A choreographer 3. A scriptwriter 4. A stunt coordinator 5. A story (Have I already said that?) 6. An instructor - preferably one who is not mentally challenged (even if one was challenged could have done a better job) 7. Anil Kapoor = Bubonic plague - Avoid at all costs 8. A statutory warning - "Watching Yash Raj movie is harmful to your mental health"? Things I liked about the movie: 1. Kareena Kapoor - For obvious reasons 2. The English subtitles - "More Dil Kho Gaya" becomes - "my heart is in emptiness", "Chaliya Chaliya Chaliya" becomes "I am a flirt, I am a lover, I am a vagabond" .. priceless. /> In short, Tashan to me is the opposite of a Rubrics cube - the cube needs to increase the player's IQ, Tashan promises to lower your IQ and that in just 2.5 hours! Woot! <br /> <br /> * sigh * .. But that's just me. I could be wrong You have been warned anyway.
