Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution starts as America gets infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population when awakened men kill any woman in sight apparently in God's name. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) is introduced by the government and knows more than most and senses that the situation may have gone too far already, so he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take their teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) & Try to survive as humanity's future may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian American co-production was episode 7 from Season 2 of the Masters of Horrror TV series, directed by Joe Dante I Thought The Screwfly Solution was pretty bad. Personally, I think Sam Hamm sucks, it takes far too seriously and I don't really understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the scare that the filmmakers are doing in The Screwfly Solution is in the story itself self and themes and ideas it brings up rather than on the screen visual horror especially the silly ecological message it sees intent on ramming down our necks when it gets the chance during the short 60 odd minute maturity that I felt was a problem like The thing just ends out of what could easily be interpreted as necessity rather than a meaningful attempt to unpack. Also, I was not satisfied with the inconsistencies with the story, whose men only killed when they were sexually raised, why unfortunately the airline helper breaks the woman's throat on the plane? If he was sexually raised, I don't think so. Why does every kink think he kills in God's name? I just can't see every block on Earth that suddenly knows the Bible and starts believing in God, I just found the show ridiculous and the show also says that there is nothing religious about what is happening so what's with everyone Who thinks of them has a divine murder of any woman they see? So is the fact that people are turned on by different things, what about gays for example? Will they kill guys instead of women? I know there is a short scene that makes a joke out of homosexual problem, but it is conveniently brushed to one side and then there is what irritates me the most. The fact that any soil blood has probably been psychoactive and killed all the women they go about their everyday business, which nothing has ever happened, just felt so stupid, the plot is bad and that round stuff from there is an end that looks like It was taken from a rejected episode of The X-Files (1993-2002) with a light neon alien. <br/> <br /> Director Dante on this view is certainly not qualified as a Master of Horror, as far as I'm concerned the story is poorly paced, it's just so stupid considering it's played deadly straight and Instead of trying to make a real horror show, he becomes more thriller with it's deadly virus in the loose situation and the subsequent mother and daughter running because of what is very little in the way of what I would call effective horror and even less doings. There is a scene when a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a short scene after a guy sticks his own groin with the bottle, and another woman is stuck in the stomach, but nothing else to write home about. <br /> <br /> Technically, like the other episodes, it's really good and it doesn't look like a cheap TV series, special effects are good as usual and it's well done. The actor is okay, but nobody really stood out. Screwfly Solution is easily the worst Masters of Horror episode I've seen but remember, I haven't seen them all ... yet. As an independent part of entertainment, it didn't matter to me and as a show made of a so-called Master of Horror it even disappointed me.
