Superman II - Richard Donner Cut must be a fans dream that becomes reality. Finally, recordings that are only seen in pictures and scenes that existed only on the printed page will finally come to life. A director who could not complete his vision would have the opportunity to have his vision restored. It seems like a winning situation. And then you begin to see this collection of footage and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a very real nightmare of dullness and incompetence. Although it is quite possible that no movie could compete with the finished perfect version, which we have all imagined over the years, it should really have been a thrill to finally see this project. And it's only very few times. <br /> <br /> You know things are shaking when the very first bit of text on the screen resembles home-made computer graphics. But then we start to see new recordings (alternates from Superman - The Movie for the trial period) and the first hesitation falls away. Hey, it's pretty nice! Things are okay for these few fleeting moments until we see footage from STM mixed with new effects for this project and it doesn't convince at all. And from this point it never leaves. It is probably not true to judge a movie because of poor visual effects, but when this appears to be the direct follow-up to a movie whose roof line was "You Believe A Man Can Fly", it's hard to believe in anything shown on the screen here. The best effects in this are from the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this re-cutting. Much of it doesn't make sense. The only reason some of it really works is because we've all seen the theatrical version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills the gaps in this assembly. Part of this could be because Donner did not finish shooting, the other could be because decision makers in this project intended to use as little Lester material as possible. What we end up with is a collection of recordings that make Superman IV look airtight and coherent. <br /> <br /> Having seen this, you get the feeling that while Lester was faithful and comfortable using Donner material, Michael Thau and his team were extremely disrespectful of anything that was recorded by Lester. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are those that are lifted relatively intact from the released version of Superman II. It includes the moon's order and the dinner sequence, not ironic, both were recorded by Donner. But everything else from the film filmed by Lester has been edited in such a hurry that now Lester works like a ham that is fist, knows nothing. While the Lester honored the Donner material, Lester is thrown here during the bus. <br /> <br /> Is there any good in this release? Well, Marlon Brando is in it and it's nice to see. In fact, seeing some of the material shot by Donner is nice, as it was all filmed simultaneously with Superman - The Movie. But it only highlights the problems with this release. Any of the big scenes (really just Lois jumping and scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served as completed scenes in a deleted scene section. Instead, they are hearing in an inconsistent narrative with inferior performances (many alternative take from well-known scenes are used) dull edits and poor decisions. <br /> <br /> See the opening scene at Daily Planet. Why do we look at Jackie Cooper's back when he calls on Lois and Clark? In the end, why have we Lois going into his dark opportunity to only have it followed by Jackie Cooper, who enters a dark bathroom that lights the light? I was initially confused by this because I expected to see Lois. The whole assembly is filled with questionable choices like this. <br /> <br /> Fighting scenes are also a mess, with no geography between cuts. It's just random action. Of course, the big action scenes were shot by Lester and his material is only used as a bridge to the next set of Donner outtakes or alternates. They should have used more of Lester's footage, but probably had too much pride to admit it. <br /> <br /> Sleep also extends to the military rocket. As mentioned elsewhere, the missile shown in The Donner Cut carries the designation "XK 10" while we all know it is "XK 101"! A blind man in STM knows it! The producers of this assembly, who tried so hard to honor the original film, dropped the ball less than five minutes and that error indicates the quality of the whole production. For all the supposed care put into this, the final product has a vagueness for what is inevitable. The whole affair would probably be easier to digest if Warner did not make this a separate release here in the states. As such, we are expected to pay for what is actually a bonus disc with deleted scenes with a "Play All" setting. It's really only worth a view, so we can finally see the legendary cut scenes, but after the first show, I expect this to be an excellent magnet for dust and a little bit more. I know after my experience seeing this I had new respect for Lester's version. It is in no way perfect, but Lester realized the shortcomings that were in the manuscript that stands out here in bold relief. He managed to make a movie that has been entertaining for many years and will continue to do so, while this new re-cut is likely to be remembered only as a footnote in that movie story.
