OK so I hear about this new Justin Timberlake movie coming out that contains some pretty big names. I mean big actors like, The Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, an asset to Hollywood, but totally wasted in this movie. Then we got Kevin Spacey, which I've been a big fan of ever since I looked at American beauty and the usual suspects. Both of these great actors have probably signed the film's mindset that it would be a good movie I did when I heard the story. Then enter a new faced Justin Timberlake. I'm saying freshly because it's his first movie, and the rat tomatoes haven't hit him yet. Well the reason for what I can add is because no one will ever watch this movie or even bother reading this review. The movie is so horrible that when I got into the first 15 minutes of it. The characters were so dimensioned that it made some biblical signs look like Don Corleone. They got the one liners and sound-bite worthy things. The token troubled black guy (LL COOL J) who is with a beautiful woman whom he would not even hear in real life. The captain is this short whiny guy who speaks so loudly. And what a crazy movie would be complete without the hero getting richer because of an experience. Oh and lots of gun fire, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT !!!) The kind of firefight that leaves everyone in the police force, who is obliquely dead and the hero ruler. They have flame throwers and rocket launchers, really not fun. <br /> <br /> The bottom line if you want to see Edison because you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, to all the 13 year old girls out there, enjoy !! I wish I had more hands because then I would have more thumbs because this movie is so horrible because then I could give it so many thumbs down that the thumb would no longer matter because this movie is so horrible because It sucks so badly that it made me laugh at the frustration of the story because it just wouldn't end because the shot and shout just kept going. <br /> <br /> Must G * D HAVE MERCY ON ALL of us and save us from those horrible movies. Well it could be the worst, another RNB horrible actor was the singer became horrible actor is usher, hehe check out in The Mix lol, or even Get rich or die trying '. Now, the special thing about the movie is that it has 30+ year-old men, playing 16 or even younger teens. I could continue with these.
