I figured it was time I let this one out. Pokémon fans are suffering in America these days. Why? Because we trust Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to give us our beloved comics and movies. As far as the series goes, they do a pretty good job of bringing fun and magic to the Japanese versions for television. So what's their problem when it comes to the movies? Honestly, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese, and I will definitely see the fourth. They are excellent movies. They are all fun and fun to watch. And after watching the Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I can't wonder how these American producers read the Japanese scripts. The way it looks, they seem to read and see something that says "Insert empty morals here" in big bold letters. It certainly looks like this when they used the same wonderful copying methods they used on MSB (extreme sarcasm there) and created this crap. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers from here * <br /> <br /> Well, first of all I have to talk about Pikachu's Rescue Adventure. My first gripe with this came without a story. I suppose they got enough bad comments on the Pokédex tale that plagued Pikachu's Vacation, and instead of going with a gentle, gentle woman's voice that appeared in Pikachu, Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just cut the story together. This would not have been a problem except one thing. Did anyone really know why Exeggcute didn't let Togepi go to the end? Possibly the fans, but I'm sure not the parents. Then there is the theme song. I couldn't help rolling my eyes on this. The Japanese theme song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This one: nausea. Now one of my favorite parts of the short was the dancing Kireihana. Good music, fun to watch. It's changed with Bellossom. The music sucked at one, but on top of that they all had the Pokémon speakers during the music, which turned out to be jumping, annoying and just unnecessary. Oh, and then there is Poliwhirl who thinks he's a Polivrath. You think guys who work with these characters will constantly learn what they are. Basically, not much could spare this little bad dubbed, which is very unfortunate given its potential. But I haven't touched the worst of it yet. <br /> <br /> You think the warning signs would have been clear to me when I got my question about Nintendo Power. For some inevitable reason, I had put some faith in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were "yes, they turned up on the first movie, but the other is different as much as the theme goes, so they have to do well. "At least I didn't notice the warning signs I ran into in the theaters when the trailers said," You'd believe a person can make all the difference. " By the way, they said I every time hoped that this would not turn into a moral party that MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, where I see all my fears realized in the words' the main function 'The Power of One'. At that time I became a little more uneasy. "The power of a?!" Not a good sign. However, I still kept part of my false belief. Big mistake. I sat in the theater and literally got stomach cramps to see another movie that I loved in Japanese, turned into complete and totally unwanted. I hear comments that say it was better because the morale was more subtle. I can see a point in it as they did not pander this thing and repeated it again and again as in the MSB. But it did more harm than anything else in this movie. First of all, the explanation that was read through was slightly changed to read 'the world is turning to as.' Ah hah. So is Ash selected? No matter what. In the Japanese version, the inhabitants of Arshia needed a Pokémon trainer to perform their traditional ceremony. This time he is selected. A bigger way to do this was Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in a Pokémon movie ... when the movie was about Lugia. In this one, Lugia is forced to take a back seat to Ash. In the scene where they fly back to the main island, Lugia and Ask discuss the conditions of Lugia's existence, not that Ash must make all the difference. Overall in this category, Ash was not really the "one person" who would make the difference when he was helped by many along the way. Many of the other things are a kind of rubbing pick. Furura's flute song was not as sweet and enjoyable as the Japanese. Jirarudan's speech to them to say his collection `started with a Mew card? 'UH. Even worse, Misty's rebellion was initially concerned about how the Moltres and Zapdos were held. Why didn't you put them in Pokéballs when you caught them? It's like tying them to appear. 'Very different from thinking of him who thinks Pokémon are things that must be collected as stamps. If there were any real redemption values ​​in this, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty fun lines. Not really to make me laugh loudly, but more to make me giggle and slightly ease the pain in the stomach. Well, it was officially the last American Pokémon movie I will see. I have imported the third and find it very fun. I'd rather not see another Japanese movie being destroyed in the same way as the first two. I also import the fourth. Forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You left me for the last time.
