Well, at least my theater group did, lol. So of course I remember seeing Grease, since I was a little girl, while it was never my favorite music or story, it still has a little special place in my heart as it is still very fun to watch. I've heard horrible things about Fat 2, and so I decided never to see it, but my boyfriend said it really wasn't that bad and my friend agreed, so I decided to give it a shot, but I called them up and just laughed. First of the plot is completely stolen from the first and it was not really smart, not to mention they just used the same characters but with different names and actors. Tell me how did they continue the Pink Ladies and T-Birds years after the previous gangs left? Not to mention the creator face motor bike enemy, gee what a striking resemblance to the guys in the first movie as well as these T-Birds was just stupid and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year at Rydell and music and dance has not stopped. But when a new student who is Sandy's cousin enters the scene, he is afflicted by a pink lady, Stephanie. But she has to stick to the code where only Pink Ladies must stick to T-Birds, so the new student decides to train as a T-Bird to win her heart. So he dresses up as a rebel motorcycle tree that can ride well and defeat the evil cyclists from easy to kick T-Birds ass. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will she find out alone? Well, find out yourself. Fat 2 is like a stupid TV show of some sort that didn't work. The tapes did not click as well as the first fat did, not to mention Frenchy coming back was a bit stupid and incredible, because I thought she graduated from Rydell, but apparently she didn't. The songs were not so cool; I'm glad Michelle could jump back so fast, but that's probably because she was the only one with talent in this stupid little sequel, I wouldn't really recommend this movie except if you're curious, but I warned you This is just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
