Hollywood's misguided obsession with successors has resulted in more misfires than hits. For each "Godfather II" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin Alives" and "Grease 2's." While the original "Grease" is not a good movie, the 1977 adaptation of the long-standing Broadway hit has been singing 1960s, energetic choreography and an appealing cast. When Paramount began to work on a follow-up, the producers came to almost every aspect that made the original a blockbuster. Fortunately for Michelle Pfeiffer, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and clearly learned to read scripts before signing contracts. Her talent and beauty were already evident here, and Pfeiffer seems to express embarrassment to the humiliating dance routines and thinness songs she is forced to perform. However, Maxwell Caulfield lacks the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions range from numb to catatonic. What romantic interest, besides hormones, could have the sweet Pfeiffer have in deadpan Caulfield? The boring mystery will be slow long after the ridiculous luau finale falls into a bad memory. Only comos from veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have some jokes, though Lorna Luft rises slightly above the lamb. Reviewers have complained about it because "Fat 2" is always in relation to the original, the movie is missing. But even on their own terms, the film is a clunker. After a frenetic opening number, which obviously exhausts the entire casting, the energy disappears. With few exceptions, the original songs have a little similarity to the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia created is for "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour." The wit falls flat and the choreography of a movie directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is lumpy to be polite. But worse movies have been inflicted on the audience, and inappropriate followers will be made as long as manufacturers are trying to milk a quick buck from rehashing blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Fat 2" is not even accidental fun. Instead, the film holds attention as a bad train wreck. When all bodies appear to have been restored, the next scene falls into even worse bloodshed.
