Zombie Nation 2004 R <br /> Hello, I was bored. I looked in my Comcastic little box to find a movie to watch. Zombie Nation? Hi, I love zombie movies. Saying the film maker has a kind of cult that follows in the description. Funny how it doesn't warn me not to watch this movie. I could have used that advice. <br /> <br /> Zombie Nation is like Troll 2, because it is completely misnomer. It has a little (if anything depending on your point of view) to do with zombies and is all within a city. This film is about a curly policeman who works as badly as possible (he must try to suck so much) while he arrests women for trivial nausea and then kills them. Yup, he's a serial killer. Not only is this movie erroneous in believing that it is a zombie flick, it also gets its serial killer facts completely wrong. Serial killers enjoy killing, they live for it, and they come down and personal with it. This guy knocks the women out and injects them with some poison. He doesn't even have sex with the body or dismember it. Talk about boring! Eventually, one of the giant five women he kills has Voodoo protection done for her and for no apparent reason, all five come back to life and start killing this guy. They were all buried or thrown into the sea, but you wouldn't know they were buying the sharp, clean clothes they were all wearing. The women seem so bad and claim. Oh yay. <br /> <br /> This movie was crap in every category. Crap acting, crap writing, crappier set and crappier make-up effects. The women do not look zombie-like unless you count really dark makeup around the eyes to be the de facto definition of what makes a zombie. They can all speak, behave, think and act completely human. Gore is weak compared to even many PG-13 movies and nudity is out of order. You see glimpses of breasts in the opening sequence ... So they exactly the same breasts later! Go figure. Guess only one actress was willing to go topless for this trite. The police station is so poorly constructed that you can see where they stopped painting the wall in the warehouse, which they of course record. You can see the pipes and the poor lighting and the overly sparse setup and even, unless you are blind, you can see the instructor fail. Be ready, it's a waste of time. <br /> <br /> 1/10
