I imagine when Hitchcock scholars and experts find themselves together are not spoken by the master's amazing films such as "North By Northwest" or "Strangers On A Train", but a lesser-known effort like this one from 1931, fuzzy and seriously flawless which shows the great director in exciting form. <br /> <br /> Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are a middle-class couple in London who have to screen to stay ahead. He desires their party; She accepts it. Change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle and says he will set them up so that they can enjoy the life of globe-winning luxury. They make plans for a world cruise. But their problems have only begun. <br /> <br /> Just ask Richard Hannay, Roger O. Thornhill or Marion Crane. Well, Marion is unsettled at the moment, but you get the idea. Travel and Hitchcock go together as mills and candles, where at best you set up a dangerous journey. This is perhaps Hitchcock's earliest decay in this theme and not his most successful or memorable. Hitchcock tries to mix comedy with another element, in this case the home drama rather than excitement, but the two contexts do not, at least not here. The mountains are a boring, flat couple without chemistry or personality. When they are on the Folies Bergère, in the form of cross sections with recordings that look ten years older than the rest of this film, they are knocked down in women's clothing. "The curtain has gone too fast!" gasp Emily. "They're not dressed." When the hills slide away from each other on a sea cruise, it seems a mercy that kills more than one tragic thing, even though the people they work with are dripping, too. Emily's husband, Gordon (Percy Marmont), carries photographs of himself sitting beside empty chairs as he suggests to be filled by Emily. Fred's girl "The Princess" (Betty Amann) has Clara Bow's eyes and Wallace Bey's five shade. There is also an uncomfortable fellow passenger, a dowdy spinster, whom Hitchcock always introduces with a cartoonish horn-cat. Subtle would still come. <br /> <br /> Everything is shot abruptly, with confusing blocking and strained dialogue. Hitchcock tries for some early comedies with Fred and his umbrella that doesn't come out, and Kendall seems to strive to laugh while Berry plays for tears. When Fred and Emily break, they are seen on a couple of wedges together rickshaws, one of many lumpy attempts at symbolism. Emily is the only vaguely sympathetic character, partly because she really cares about her husband and agonizes over her affair with Gordon, but mostly because she is among the first of Hitchcock's many magnetic blondes, her platinum ringlet whips around her face as a Botticelli aboard the open deck of a Chinese junk near the conclusion of the film. <br /> <br /> Matters concludes with a dangerous situation as a set piece for the protagonists to get along with and presumably repair their relationship. Only they are not active participants in the decision, and with the exception of the fate of a friendly cat, there is nothing about the end object. <br /> <br /> At least you get some fun views of London in the early 1930s, and a chance to see Hitchcock as he was still working for food. "Rich and Strange" is Hitchcock who pays his taxes and teaches his trade, one for scholarly but not random movie guests.
