Budget allocation and time constraints in serial production nevertheless serve somewhere near the bottom of a "cliffhanger" list that completely lacks the style, imagination and atmosphere of its predecessor, BATMAN, in 1943. <br /> <br /> <br /> The producer, Sam Katzman, was known as the "Quickies King" and, like his director Spencer Bennett, seemed more concerned about speed and efficiency than creating excitement. (Unfortunately, this team also produced the two Superman series with Kirk Alyn with their sticky flying animation, canned music and boring supporting players.) The opening of each chapter gives a taste of the things to come: thoroughly inane titles ( "Robin Saves Batman," Batman vs Wizard ", mechanical music drone on, and our two heroes stumble upon the camera looking around, either confused or having trouble seeing through their cheap Halloween masks. Batman's cowl, with his devil's horn and eagle nose, fits so badly that stuntman must adjust it during battle scenes, his "utility belt" is a curly strip of cloth without space, from which he still manages to draw a blowtorch and a torch at critical moments! <br /> <br /> Anyway, the main players are miscast, Robert Lowery shows some charm or individual flair like Bruce Wayne, and doesn't cut a particularly dynamic figure like Batman, creating the impression that he'd rather be somewhere, anywhere else! Uncan, like Robin, has great difficulty managing his limited dialogue. He is too old for that, with an even older stuntman filling for him. Out of costume, Lowery and Duncan are as exciting as tired businessmen striving for a drink without an ounce of chemistry between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 series. Although series were not known for character development, the former BATMAN managed to Present a more energetic cast. This gives a group through the movements, not that the filmmakers provide great support. Not one of the heads stands out, and they are led by one of the most boring villains ever, "The Wizard." (Great name!) In fact, they are led by a person with a curtain, a shawl and a sack over his head with a doubled voice desperately trying to sound threatening. The "primary suspects" - an eccentric professor, a radio transmitter - are simply annoying. Even the established cartoon "regulars" is superfluous. It is hard to distinguish much romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the dangers she faces, Vicki shows virtually no feelings. Commissioner Gordon is not too bright. In contrast to the previous series, Alfred Butler is a pure walk-on whose main line is "Mr. Waynes Residence." They are props for a drawn-out, gimmick-loaded, incoherent plot that further featured uninspired, repetitive music and amateurish production design. Wayne Manor's exterior resembles a suburban mid-range home in any sitcom, the interiors of a cheap roadway motel. Batcave is an office desperately in need of renovation. (The costumes are kept rolled up in a filing cabinet!) <br /> <br /> Pity that the filmmakers couldn't invest more in creating an exciting adventure. While the availability of the two series on DVD is a plus for any serious "Batfan", one should not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box. They capture more of the authentic mood of the comic book than all 15 chapters of Batman and Robin combined. <br /> <br /> Now for the good news - this is not the 1997 version!
