Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, this time is America's largest Stealth pilot, who is promised an excuse from the military (... who tried to push his memory at the beginning of the movie, for which he escaped the base, later captured after interrupting a gang of robbers in a shootout at a gas station) if he is able to successfully infiltrate a terrorist base in North Africa, run by a group called Black Sunday, who is commanding an air force smuggler thanks to an American traitor. Along with another pilot who admired the traitor Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) flies to enemy territory and receives help from his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David) once they are on earth. Jannick is kidnapped by black Sunday leaders, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his female enforcement officer, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands has to figure out how to resume not only the command of the kidnapped stealth fighter but also rescues him. And maybe Sands can get revenge on the traitor he trained, rather (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands have 72 hours until a generous navy pilot bombs the entire area. On board the stealth, the Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb hoping to detonate it in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal gets a chance to shoot Afghans when he doesn't cut their necks with knives. The movie is mostly machine guns that fire and bodies fall dead. The setting of Afghanistan does not stop for examination (... nor how easy Seagal and co. Are able to move around the area without discovery so easily) and the plot itself is nothing to write home about. The movie is edited quickly, the camera is a little too shaken. Seagal is not as active a hero as he once was, and his action scenes are tightly edited, where we find it hard to see him take out his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of Seagal's poorest efforts, and he is as undervalued as ever (not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights in the hand to control the movie's main curve, it's a shame. He does not even speak a wrist or breaks a neck in any visible way (... if we see a slight resemblance to the fact that some tool is being thrown around, but it is not clearly a picture that I enjoy because the filmmakers have such quick edits and dizzying close-ups.
