Flight of Fury starts as General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial X-77 test aircraft, a new stealth fighter jet with the ability to literally become invisible. General Barnes gives his top pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) the job and everything goes well until X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted when Ratcher flies it to northern Afghanistan and delivers it to a terrorist group known as the Black Sunday led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 to fly into US airspace undetected and release some bombs that will kill lots of people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of his plane and sends in a man army John Sands (co-author and executive producer Steven Seagal) to get it back and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> <br This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch & was the third film in which he instructed Seagal after the equally horrible Shadow Man (2006) & Attack Force (2007), fortunately someone decided that the partnership was not working and an unsuspecting audience is fortunately have been spared further cooperation between the two. Apparently, Flight of Fury is an almost word-to-word remake of Black Thunder (1988) with Michael Dudikoff with many of the same characters who even share the same name, so the same dialogue could be used without decision makers themselves having to change things like names although I have to admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and therefore cannot compare the two. Flight of Fury is a horrible movie, the badly made and written waste of time that Seagal specializes these days. It is boring, even if it is not so slow, the sign is poor, it is full of clichés, things happen randomly, the plot is poor, the reason behind events is non-existent, and it is a very lazy production in general as it never convinces the viewer to they are anywhere near Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are being carried out. The action scenes are paralyzed and there is no real excitement in it, the bad guys are boring, just like the hero and it's just down with the worst Seagal has made. Aircraft of rage seems to be largely made up of storage shots that are not even matched so well, the background can change, the people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and the quality of the film change very suddenly, as it is all too obvious we look at clips from other (better) films spliced ​​in. Hell, Seagal never even goes near a plane in this. The action scenes consist of shoot-outs so poorly edited, it's hard to tell who is, and of course Seagal, who breaks people's arms. The whole production feels very cheap and lukewarm. <br /> <br /> IMDb expects this to have a budget of about $ 12,000,000, which I think is total waste, I think if so, where did all the money go? Although it is in Afghanistan, there is a war-ravaged, dry desert. Flight of Fury looks like it was filmed in my local forest, it was actually shot in Romania and the Romanian landscape does not make a compelling Afghanistan. The play is terrible, as one would expect, and Seagal seems to be baptized again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a horrible action movie that is boring, amateurish and is an almost scene-by-scene remake of another movie anyway. Another really lazy and poorly produced action thriller from Seagal, why do I even disturb more?
