After the appalling Attack Force, chances were that Seagal could only get a step on Flight of Fury. That stinking Attack Force would do something. Flight Of Fury is a significant improvement overall, but still in the big scheme, mean, mediocre. Mediocrity is apparently an achievement for Seagal these days, a sad insight into his film career's decline. Where the Attack Force was a hodge-podge of plot lines changed drastically from fertilization to filming, to produce, the Flight Of Fury keeps the plot line simpler. Someone steals a high-tech stealth fighter who plans to use it to fire chemical weapons (which we later bizarre discover will destroy the world for 48 hours). Seagal has to get the plane back. It is so simple, no annoying underplots and conspiracies that weigh the film down as far as many of his latest works. It's not to say that storytelling is good, but it's pretty bad. The introduction to page characters is poorly made for example. <br /> <br /> In cinematic terms, FOF is poor. It's badly acted by everyone involved, and Seagal looks bored almost. He has just got the appearance of a toddler who has been forced to perform the birth of a child against his will, and then performs with a constant grimace and air of half assedness. Can we blame Seagal, even if the material is so unambitious and cruddy? Not really. This is the final movie of his Castel Studios multimedia agreement. Producers cannot be disturbed by doing something extremely good, promising a budget of $ 12 million, and (after Seagal's mandatory $ 5 million) is likely to launch a great, big bunch of it himself (if the movie was made for the remaining 7 million, then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So why should Seagal put the effort into a movie that has already been distributed sorted before it is made. Fan is perhaps arguing, at least he owes them the effort. He looks seriously, and the continued use of stand-ins and dub-overs is further indication of this. Michael Keusch leads with some efficiency, while the cinematography is quite good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castel, a bog standard stunt team) there is nothing but mediocrity, and nothing to help the film rise above the material, and bored leading man. Again, there are a few action scenes that focus on characters other than Seagal, which in all truth we do not want to see. <br /> <br /> All in all, the action is not that bad. It's nice and violent, and sometimes we are treated to a few annual unpleasant Seagal battles, but that's nothing special. Partly because of a poor stunt crew, and the lack of time to film too complicated or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable movie because there were more vintage Seagal moments, and more of him in the center stage while ignoring the incoherent, jumbled plot line. He never disappeared for long periods during the film. Seagal disappears bizarre in an action scene here and is again shown with some explanation. There is too much stock footage used. Using stock shots is not a horrible thing, but using it as a crutch is. We are treated with countless establishment of ship ships, all the time, which becomes annoying. Plus the continuity of stock footage is everywhere (just see the backgrounds, chop and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is right in the middle of the road. It all says that the film's best scene is a completely redundant and free girl on the girl scene with two hot chicks. Seagal even perks up cards so too! Overall, this may be one of the better stock footage-based actions out there, but it doesn't say much at all. This will delight many fans, but they should keep in mind that Seagal itself would probably like to forget about this existence. **
