It has been said, "a town on the hill can't hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, is on the side of Mt. Davidson at 6200 ft west of Tahoe is an excellent example or in connection with the movie it should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream as a shower of gold and silver, suspicious that same year began the civil war. It was the birthplace of the dean of American letters; It was here that a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and continued to become America's most famous author. It was also the birthplace of the great Hearst fortune, and John Mackay's launch tribe, which became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made the movie about him! In the 1860s, Virginia CIty was the boomtown of all boomtowns, the home of the great bonanza, at one time the largest "metropolitan area" west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (the movie) misses all that and is more about a hogwash North / South Duello between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union Officer who is a POW in a concentration camp run by an interstate commander named Capt. Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two always come in each other's way. Bradford escapes and then tries to stop a shipment of gold balls being "snuck" out of VC by anyone else. . . Irby! "Hey, what is he doing here?" Terrible. Bogart plays a ridiculous Mexican bandit who can't decide who he is at. Miriam Hopkins plays a scary character named "Julia Hayne", apparently a historical lung on the city's first lady Julia Bulette, who is in fact a famous prostitute. She goes to Washington and honestly talks to Abe about saving BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Go figure. They should hang the author. In "real life," Twain tells us that the set sun caused the American flag on top of the last war day. Davidson looks to the confused residents to be weird on fire, such as the movie. Three days later they discovered that the South was surrendering on that day. An interesting decoration in the movie is how side-chick Alan Hale and Guin Williams throw their pistols forward as they shoot as they fish or try to make the balls faster. Not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of fat is lacquered over the juice and corn throughout the film. Gosh, how could they miss out on the crazy wildness, the rugged wealth, the pistol fighting in the silver mines, Mark Twain being driven out of town and looking up for a showdown, the crooked railway, the opera house fire, Artemis Ward, Bulette's huge funeral, the Chinese pliers, the black salons, the auction. . ? All this high on a mountain surrounded by desert? The truth was unreal. Did the great wealth actually go to the great American holocaust? Well, if you count this movie, it wouldn't be the first debacle to get out of Virginia City. It's a disappointment to Virginia City fans because it misses what made the city an "illusion city" where it is said that evil is leaking out of the ground. . . Okay, it's a funny movie. Flynn and the band are always good no matter what story they destroy. If Flynn just wanted to play his rat himself, I would double my rating.
