More broadly the hysterical 50's hyper-amusement that gives new meaning to antisocial, pathological behavior. Danza and Grayson will let you beg for mercy. It's a pity that all the people involved in making this movie are now dead (or in nursing homes). I just thought about suing them for torture. As this movie began to unleash its shamelessly aggressive operative attack on my poor, defenseless ear drums, I felt immediate strong pain encircled by all my being. The damned muscular vibrato can break Soviet tanks into small pieces, never remind glass. <br /> <br /> "Why didn't you change the channel if you didn't like it?" Fair point, fair point ... The answer is that I wanted to, but the pain was so sudden and eerie that I fell to the floor and angry with pain. With my last ounce of energy I tried to reach the remote but couldn't. <br /> <br /> A stupid little fisherman with the dubious talent of singing with an annoying opera voice is discovered by Niven, who then continues to "pigmalionize" him. Lanza is in love with asymmetric Grayson, but she despises contemptuously with contempt until they finally join. This may seem like a rather thin plot, but this noisy movie is so shocking with song and music that there is no dialogue at all. This movie is RELENTLESS. Forget about torturing hippies and prisoners of war with Slayer's "Reign In Blood" (as in a South Park episode). No matter what little conversation is among the stupid adults who attack this strange 50's musical world, it's all infantile - as if they were all 6-year-olds imitating adults. I can only envy people who find movies like this fun. It must be nice to be easy to please: What a world of wonder would open to me if I could only enjoy a silly old gag as a fun, gut-busting comedy. <br /> <br /> But let's examine this phenomenon, the 50s musical. My best guess is that the 50s musicals offered the more day-dreaming idealists among us a glimpse of the utopia or the sky (depending on whether you are a church or Lenin's tomb) or at least very cheesy version of these fantasy-inspired places. TTONO is more akin to a representation of hell, but it's just me. I don't seem to "get" musicals. People are talking, there is a story - but then all of a sudden they start to suffer for about 4 minutes, after which they suddenly calm down and then pretend that there is nothing unusual happened! When you think about it, musical strangers are more than any science-fiction movie. <br /> <br /> Worse yet, TTONO (my favorite type of pizza, btw) is not just a 50's musical but one with opera squealing. Opera is proof that there is one thing like over-training a voice - to the point where it becomes a pervading weapon, rather than a means of bringing the listener joy. The clearest example of this travesty is when Lanza and Grayson unite their Dark Side vocal powers for a truly unbearable duet. I tried to lower the volume. I lowered it from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. Then I ended up lowering it to a 1, which is usually so low that it is only heard by specially trained dogs and some types of marsupials, and yet I can still hear they two braying like donkeys! <br /> <br /> Take the stage in the little boat in the river. Danza starts with one of his deaf, brain-deadening tunes, and then ... nothing. No animals everywhere to be seen. Even the crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, have all failed to leave. If you look carefully, you can even see the trees change color, from green to yellow, in minutes. No, it was not a continuity error, it was ordinary old torture of the flora. And these trees were just dull paintings! Imagine how real trees would have reacted. The reason why glass fractures break when a high C is belched out of the operative screamer's obese stomach is not due to physical laws of waves and frequency, but because glass is only human - so can only take so much pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self-development. I can listen to the highest, least friendly death metal band for several hours, but give me only a minute of a soprano and I get a splitting headache.
