Absolutely ridiculous. If you know anything about poker, you'll find it horrible, but also entertaining, because it's so unclear. The nerd who made this movie is, of course, very religious and knows a little about poker, but I doubt he has ever played 3-6. (I also think he knows nothing about golf.) Where to start? I have seen better productions in Intro for Film class I took freshmen in the film school. The actors to see in this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen, and the loser who can never win at poker. Everyone else is like wood as they come, as bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man's movie starts in the opening sequence is the only reason the movie is made. He is a railbird who doesn't play poker and never has a dialog, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. I can't think of a more useless waste of money than this man scales for this pointless production. It is appropriate that he had such an unusable role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless side signs whose plot is not solved at least. Queen Momma has a show-stealing scene where she throws her loser girlfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brains out. Also, the nameless Arabs in the grocery store also give brilliant performances when discussing whether to look up or kill an older lady who robs them. Their subtle notions are easy among the film's highlights. It makes you wonder why they bothered to get all these white people to play the leaders. In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 from outer space has a bit more coherence. If you play poker even though you might want a laugh. Also, if you are a Christian, you can enjoy some of the heavy sacred religious conversations that pepper the movie as pointless pepper. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they don't know about. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen became involved in this travesty because I can't help but think less of them. They must be jealous of Johnny Chan to come to Rounders.
