Let's get into the world for this movie for a second so you can better understand what kind of movie we are dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of the really stupid movies where the bad guy and his goons have released 50,000 bullets shooting at the good guy behind the walls and pillars, shouting at them and finally coming to the good guy face to face and instead of killing him ...... instead of wasting the guy who caused you So much grief .... instead of just going up and popping! ..... What are you doing? The bad guy ..... he's talking to him. He grabs the good guy and talks to him while holding his gun. They have nothing to talk about! Shoot him Shoot him now! But he still speaks to him. Oh another thing. In the end, a newspaper "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT HERE" or something right on top of a paper cover says when the first time the story is printed. So how in the heezy did anyone get a Pulitzer for it so fast? Yes, do you know those stupid movies? Yes, it's Edison in a nutshell. You get Mr Cool Morgan Freeman and Shifty Eyed Tough Kevin Spacey, who both speak in their roles completely, LL Cool J, who shines literally every single moment in the movie, while suggesting his girlfriend in a marvelous nightclub in all places, and whose last line "Duck" was something like a deadly weapon film that was never made ... and Justin Timberlake whining and spitting nonsense every time he speaks, little kaky bastard. The only bright spot was a crazy Dylan McDermott who did his best "Denzel from the training day" impressions, which was quite entertaining. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, what is the movie about? Eh, something about scandals involving the city of Edison's fictitious special unit police force called "FRAT (I swear I'm not doing these things) that should be an obvious game from SWAT Anyway a little journalistic super singer boy Justin Timberflake smells something miserable after a murder involving 2 undercover cops from FRAT, and he is looking for a story that gets his boss' (Freeman) trust along the way, while they both solve something even bigger and creepy than what they both thought. Blah blah blah. as a bootleg pelican card that meets a semi-learned training day, the pacing was slow and off, the manuscript was terrible, and the play was extremely uninspired, it jumped everywhere without going anywhere. just didn't think. Damn what a stupid movie. It will be harder to write any kind of review for it because the movie left my brain the other ended ... No onion Basic do Spi Don't let your time!
