Soldier Blue is a film with predictions: Achievements being a form of in-depth statement of man's inhumanity to man, the exploitation and brutality of the white man towards indigenous peoples; a biting, scary and sardonic comment on Vietnam's horrors. Well, sorry, but it fails to be some of these things. What Soldier Blue is actually is harmful, tired, poorly made, dishonest waste. <br /> <br /> Another reviewer here hit the nail upside down by saying that it appears to be a hybrid of two completely different films. What it really is is a slack, clichéd, badly acted "odd couple" romance - Strauss and Bergen overcome their prejudices about the lifestyles of others and fall in love (ah, blessing) - posted by two pathological massacres that would not have been out of place in a Lucio Fulci splatter-flick. There is no excuse for the repulsive, prurient, pervasive climax, where sweet, small native American children are shot, carved, split and faked in loving and graphic close-up, and large-breast native American women are melted, raped and stretched - no excuse that is, except the box office. (The massacre itself, while despicable in its misplaced intent, is very poorly staged and shot, a bunch of actors lying with red red paint smeared on them, crossed with some special effects sequences of memory / dismemberment - incidentally, who exploited real amputas Now it's what I call exploitation.) Forget about the cardboard you've heard (including the ridiculous comments that begin and end the movie) that this is a "protest", an indictment of American brutality towards the indigenous peoples. This movie doesn't matter about Cheyenne's situation; had done so so that it would have introduced some indigenous American characters, would have made us know and care about the nameless, innocent innocents slaughtered by climax. Instead, we get the stupid white brother romance of Bergen and Strauss (miserable actors both, at least), with lots of blood, gut and cut heads thrown in to attract curious. <br /> <br /> Which is a horrible shame because there is a movie about the Sand Creek massacre about all the real massacres of the United States (and Britain and all so-called "civilized" nations) participated in over the centuries (Iraq? ). This is just not the movie.
