They must issue this plot overview to all wannabe filmmakers arriving at the Hollywood bus station. They then fill in the topics and put their story in whatever hick town or urban ghetto, from which they just arrived. You know exactly what this movie is about from the opening shot, four young boys playing in the grain slow motion, accompanied by voice over storytelling. The next stop after the bus station should be to buy stock footage of four young boys playing in the slow-motion grain. Once they have grown, it is easy to see the author / instructor among the four. He is the quiet, contemplative, long-haired, never seen without his composition book hidden in his pants. That means his amazing writing talent will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Only there is no writing or managing talent on the screen here. And if you still can't figure out who he is, here's a tip: The author and his character have the same middle name. It took over an hour to figure out that these twenty something men should still be in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, it turned out to be the leader. Once again, the poor, misunderstood rebel pound everyone in the film can enter the pavement, murder and looting, but is powerless to stand up to his alcoholic father. How about turning back, child, just like you do everyone else? Numerous fist fight scenes without apparent purpose. Howlingly poor dialogue. Many scenes poorly out of focus. Cartoon characters keep popping up as bit players and extras, drawing unintentional grin from the premier audience. Overtake to the extreme. And if you don't quite get the self-talked or slow-motion scenes, just listen to the indulgent music. It will tie you in and what you should feel. The bad Marisa Ryan has to pay tribute to lots of frequent air travel as she travels around the country working in these amateur movies. The biggest sin is that the audience should feel sympathy for children who pistol down old ladies, run over puppies that are chained to a tree, rob and steal while complaining about their sad, apologetic life. But if we could just get out of this hickby and go to college. Yes, it's the ticket. Why is it that every 20 filmmaker thinks that his life so far is so important, so interesting that the world can't wait to see it on the screen? If this movie is as autobiographical as it looks, the autograph looks better over his shoulder for police officers carrying fleeting warrants.
