STRONGER THAN FICTION made me so angry, I signed up for IMDb just to write this review. Tighter END FICTION is a surprisingly complex, touching and thought-provoking film until the end. When you have suspended several rounds of logic (why not Will Ferrell hear Emma Thompson's voice 10 years ago when her fist started writing his book? "The phone rang. The phone rang again." How could she not know he was calling? The movie challenges its thoughts on mortality, fate and sacrifice. <br /> <br /> The brief history of literary themes provided by Dustin Hoffman should especially entertain former English majors. And Maggie Gyllenhaal is always a pleasure, although Will Ferrell might as well be an ax killer as a bumbling soul. Her quick confidence in him is a mighty step in faith. Ah, but the end. Ultimately, I would have given 9 out of 10 stars to this movie. The film as a metaphor for the journey of life, as a tribute to the notion of writing true, as a reminder that great literature is either comedy or tragedy, but not both are excellent. The whole movie leads the viewer to understand and accept the moment Will Ferrell's fate. And no matter how endless a sign he may have become, we know why we will accept the end. The last action happens, the screen turns white, the credits roll. A deep and powerful end to an almost perfect movie. An end that would have been debated for weeks. <br /> <br /> NO !!!!!!!!!! No credits rolled. Say it's not. Say Hollywood didn't catch another 10 minute crap that completely undermined the film's integrity and heart. Dustin Hoffman got it right when he said, "It's no longer a masterpiece, it's okay." An appropriate review of the film. Except for me it wasn't even OK. I was so offended by the treason of "writing the truth" about the decision to film the film that I actually broke into angry tears that explained this on the trip home from the movie. I don't cry often. I could do less about most movies, but I'm still sad at this. <br /> <br /> My questions to Zack Helm, the author, are this: Is the original movie ending when the screen turned white? And were you forced by the powers of the weapon film - is it to complain about a conclusion unfaithful to the core of the movie? Or did you end that maudlin with yourself? I've read you brilliantly. I hope your original script ended the movie for the first time. <br /> <br /> I know Zack Helm will never see this review and I have not been able to find a contact for him to ask myself. But, movie-goers, am I the only one who feels this way about stricter than fiction? A good thing came from me watching this movie: On the contrary, I admire LOST IN TRANSLATION now.
