When Sam Peckinpah's superlative THE WILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door to monstrous screens of graphic cinematic ultra-violence, it did so with a talented (if whiskey-marinated) hand that controlled the camera and had a compelling story of characters who actually had depth but at no time were there many imitators that fell far from the benchmark of Peckinpah's epic, and SOLDIER BLUE certainly falls into that category. SOLDIER BLEW, BLUE tells the story of error New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) is a blonde protohippie chick who has been "rescued" from two years of "captivity" among Cheyenne and is now sent to a fort where she is reunited with her fiance only want to marry his money. Also on board the cart that she travels in is a shipment of government gold, Cheyenne's cash has to buy weapons, so in short the soldiers are wiped out, and Cresta flies to the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), the lone cavalryman. Calling Gant by snarky nickname "Soldier Blue", Cresta demonstrates that her years among "savages" were well spent, exceeded Gant in survival skills, common sense and clean balls, and over their journey to the fort they must endure against the elements, a band of hostile Kiowa, an unscrupulous trader? played by Donald Pleasance, here's one of his most ridiculous performances and that says something ?? And in the tradition of many former western sets of romantic comedies, each other. <br /> <br /> During their misadventures, the two contradictions are inevitably ?? and predictably ?? attracted to each other and eventually end up getting it on? while Gant has a freshly treated bullet wound cleanly through his legs, no less ?? in what was probably the only conveniently located hole in at least a twelve mile radius that was not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or who knows what, not to say anything about cheyenne, who could have done something really spiffy with such a primo apartment (I go, thinking in NYC real estate terms again). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love could never flourish outside the cave, leaves Cresta Gant and makes it the fort alone to discover that responsible moron will not save a few men so they can rescue Gant ; The regiment needs all the available staff to start an attack on the nearby Cheyenne village, and when Cresta gets wind of it, she slips past her unpleasant robe hubby and makes a beeline straight to Cheyenne to warn them of what's coming . <br /> <br /> What happens next is what caused the film its disgrace; it turns out that all the great misadventures and squabbling all were just a speech to a fierce resumption of 1864 Sand Creek Massacre, an orgy of rape, torture and general sadistic evil committed in the name of "keeping the country clean" and nearly forty years after The release still disrupts this order and nausea for its sheer cruelty. Children are trampled under the hooves of charging horses or imposed bayonets, unarmed people are beheaded? a good effect, I must admit ?? Women stripped and pawed by gangs of slave brutes, so rape and mutilated ?? In a real disease factor, a nude native woman puts too much of a fight so her rapes choose instead to cut off her breasts, which we fortunately only see the start of before the camera moves on to chronicle another horrible act? and scores of innocent people are being shot and split, their compone nt parts pointed to spikes and waved about in victorious celebration or held as the most ghoulish of souvenirs. No joke, this scene would instantly get an NC-17 rating if it was released today, not to say anything that might spur Indian interest groups to riot the streets in the incredible way the atrocities are depicted. <br /> <br /> I am all in favor of Westerns who do not shy away from honest portrayals on how West was won or stolen if truth was told, but this movie has no idea what kind of movie it will be ; one minute it is a heavy-handed pseudo-hippy lecture on how the treatment of the natives was completely abolished (well DUH!), then it is a pleasing blow of the sex farce, where Cresta proves five times the man Gant is and manages to look good in its tasty, red calico poncho (without undies), but it goes completely out of the window when Donald Pleasance turns out with an unintentional (?) howling pair of curvy dentures, and our heroes need to figure out how to escape from its murderous links in a subplot that does not go anywhere that culminates in the above-mentioned apocalyptic climax. Any of these stickers would have been okay for a coherent movie, but the end result is a slapdash mess that milked the gravel in its last ten minutes for all they were worth in the film's advertising and poster pictures. <br /> <br /> But by trying to be all things to all audiences, SOLDIER BLUE ends as an incoherent preachy Mulligan stew with presumably well-meaning political correction, but if they were to tell the history of the Sand Creek Massacre, it would not have been a good idea to have some indian characters that were more than just walk-ons with Murphy Brown that served as their mouthpiece? We learn absolutely nothing about the people who are wiped out exclusively for what seems to be a crass trick to entice gorehound moviegoers to see "the most wild movie in history." If you, like me, were fascinated by the provocative ads and reviews that sparked almost endless praise for its "bold to tell it as it was", take my word for it and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly fade into cinematic obscurity.
