This is a well-written story of a man who marries escaping the padlock's nose, and then "tame" his restrained bride. It succeeds in being sexist and racist at exactly the same time. We never find out, for example, why a woman who won respect for an Indian warrior is totally unable to fight back against her former husband. Or why the members of her team are so eager to get a "real man" in the saddle when she has apparently taken care of things that are just fine alone. It was only sensible in the 50s Hollywood. <br /> <br /> There is a really stupid scene where she horsewhips him and he actually catches the whip - the second time - then she hangs out of the horse. Remember, it would have lost him an eye for the first time, which would make it quite difficult to grab the whip! Then he is in a fight against his Indian bodyguard, using the first two-thirds of being beaten to a pulp. It's another wind. Later he negotiates with some bloodthirsty Indians (as they are all in these flicks) after they have rejected her now, she is his "squaw". Never mind that he has zero diplomatic skills and she has been negotiating with them for years. And the way he likes to reject her attempts to seduce him just to keep her anxious and keep her from holding him - well, right. Just as the women only throw themselves at him all the way down the track. Finally, none of the leaders is convincing in their roles. Madison is just a smoker who becomes unrealistically lucky. Fleming flips her hair and scowls a lot, but is completely unconvincing as a burning tomboy. The only reason you wanted to mess with her is because you will see Madison being tied to a running horse and dragging over a cliff before the end of the movie. The way Madison tames Fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will annoy you out of you if you see women as anything but blow up dolls. Even if you see them popping, the total lack of excitement will drill you. <br /> <br /> Total waste of time. Even the landscape is a bit boring. Give this a big miss.
