The documentary film is about Eva Mozes Choir, a Holocaust survivor, part of Mengele's twins experiments, consisting mainly of his version of what happened in Auschwitz, and a comparison of the feelings of the other survivors in the twin trials. Of course, the film had good reviews. It is one of the issues that nobody dares to vote against. <br /> <br /> For a large part of the film, I was also drawn into the emotions that the filmmaker wanted, of course, to view the viewer. One of the user reviews on IMDb by Eric Monder (apparently nothing critical to say about the problem in a public forum) could only find the sweetest nectar. "In one of the many dramatic sequences that a group of Jews argue with Core at a Jewish center, the meaning of the word" forgiveness "is even debated, but the isolated and countless choruses have their own" But at this time sappy hold, that the movie had on my sleeping emotional repertoire had solved enough that I could see clearly again. After the "strong will" Eva Kor forgives her "Nazi prisoners", the film begins to dive into what forgiveness is about, at least from the cross point of view. The film goes after her, past her public statement forgiving the Nazis and into new territory. For me, this movie's flesh was surrounded by inedible fat of her "forgiveness". It was of course a very sick cow. <br /> <br /> On a mission to test her forgiveness theory, to cure the wounds of the past, she makes her way to the "Promised Land" to meet with some Arabs to discuss with them the problems they face for, and to see if dialogue cannot lead to a better understanding of the situation and strongly confused with debates and discussions with Jews in the United States about its act of forgiving the Nazis, including one at the Jewish center in Chicago. From then on, anyone who is not so foggy can see that they cannot see the screen, find it hard pressed to miss the obvious contradiction in her statements. First, you immediately notice her body language, defensive and unwilling to listen in a room full of Arab scholars and teachers. Her comments on how she feared they could kidnap her show how much of a waste of time, effort and money the whole action was. A pretty annoyed dr. Sami Advan (professor of education at Bethlehem University) just gets it when he tells Kor for a statement she is doing about how she would rather sleep in her apartment. debate at the Jewish center in Chicago, where she is "grilled" in the meaning of forgiveness and her right to do so, in the wake of those who continue to suffer through the trauma of the actions. <br /> <br /> I want to cut the hunt. At the end of the movie I did not hope that I had not chosen to watch the movie. The movie was poorly crafted and failed to delve deeper into everything about Auschwitz except for the purely trivial, just enough to ensure that the Holocaust was refreshed in the viewers' memory and to pursue a threshing burst. It showed that Kor, the object of the documentary, was unable to engage in a fair discussion. Her discussion skills were limited to pursuing her attitude toward forgiveness (at best) for utter unwillingness to listen or participate. Finally, everyone is so retarded today that they cannot feel the difference between creating peace and forgiveness? Contacting another IMDb user, "I can't see her forgiveness as being weak - on the contrary, she just wanted to ease her team from her soul, she wanted the suffering to be over so she let it go." It would be the perfect layman's definition of PREPARATION. <br /> <br /> I believe in a world of propaganda, blind faith and political correctness that there is no room to question those who have "gone beyond the human mind can fathom". <br /> <br /> PS The dictionary should definitely go into all those books-to-purchase lists that everyone continues to make.
