LL Cool J performed much better in this movie I had expected! He did an amazing job serving as a "renegade" policeman within a "renegade" department. From the beginning, he does a good job of building the viewer's empathy for his character and the difficulty he is in. He acts as a kind of "mild giant" - a person whose hard outer can frighten anyone, but whose heart is evident in it right place from the start - and he does a fantastic job. He was clearly the best character in the movie. <br /> <br /> This was definitely a performance that won't win Morgan Freeman any prizes. After starring in powerhouse movies like Shawshank Redemption, this movie was definitely a step down. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his true talent as an actor - and in the form of the characters' conglomeration, he unfortunately placed a back burner. There are so many ways that his character (Moses Ashford) could have taken a more decisive role. That he was not disappointing and a real disappointment. I was hoping to see more of him in this movie. <br /> <br /> Timberlake should have stayed in the music business. His portrayal of a young journalist was badly acted and unconscious. This movie is a typical action movie that (at least initially) has a resemblance to corrupt police cases LA has experienced before. Being an action movie has its share of shoot-up scenes, blood and gut. These scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable. At the start of the movie, there is very little excitement about what will happen at the end - think about what you would typically expect in an approver / bad-cops conflict - and it has little resemblance to a real police game-out. What annoyed me most was the way Timberlake's character appeared during shoot-out scenes. He begins to have weapons and does not use them. So when he finally comes around to use one, he feels like he's shot a gun all his life. Then he runs out of bullets and doesn't have a gun - and 30 seconds later, without motion or anything - suddenly has 2 more fully loaded guns and extra ammunition? Little plot error like this really ruined the movie for me. <br /> <br /> If what you are looking for is a blatantly fictional plot in a fantasy world where everything turns out okay then you will probably love this movie. Personally, it doesn't matter to me what kind of movie it is as long as it is realistic. Let me believe that history is true. Of course, this story was fictitious in so many aspects that I got away, felt dissatisfied.
