I love all kinds of movies, especially horror. That said, Survival does not live up to any of the hype surrounding it. <br /> <br /> I can't give it any points about originality. There is nothing wrong with exploring the same themes or recognizing what others have done. It has just become a police officer for the indie films to take us on a stroll through the woods, a frightening killer, and since the last we have to throw a crazy family. On these lines, I have to compare it with Texas Chainsaw, Wrong Turn (though the twist in one is blatant) and others. Survival falls short of comparable films. The reason was just not original in any way. Some movies can come by with a weak (and way over-done) plot with great plays, especially for example or a number of other factors. Survivial has none of that to knock on. If you like, note the following: The action in the movie never took off. I don't knock or blame the actors for that, nor the director. The dialogue was, at best, mediocre, and the actors involved never showed (not to say) the talent to pull it out. I mention 2 standouts. The leading man in this movie has determined the look, but I seriously think he should consider more training before he is ready to wear a movie. The actor who portrayed Greg also had potential, but we never saw any of it (see the movie to see why, you won't believe it ..). The grained film looks. Oh yes, the little time-bit of movies that make magic designed to take us to honorable days of "Grindhouse" movies. In today's film production, it has become a gimmick. It works either, or it doesn't. In this case, it just doesn't work. There are too many other mistakes going on, so it gets distracting from the movie and doesn't add it. That said, I think they did a good job of adding that grain. These are some good quality grains. I think with another script, better direction and possibly actors, they should try another "Grindhouse" trial. They will probably pull it off. <br /> <br /> As far as the technical aspects are concerned, I think they have not really gelled for me either. Better care could have been taken with sound (sounds like it was fed directly into the camera, but there is nothing wrong with it) and to be shot at DV, it was too soft for my taste. <br /> <br /> That's all I have to say about it .....
