I hate to sound like an "old person", but frankly I haven't seen too many movies that I like, were made after 1960 ... generally, movies just seem to get worse and worse (though I totally enjoyed Scott Baio's vehicle "The Bread, My Sweet", except for the "rigeur" ​​sex scene that added nothing of value to that movie). This film apparently makes the mother, a former Las Vegas reflex girl, unable to survive on her own, although she is evident in the 50s (but suggested to be in her 40s). I didn't buy it. I am 57 and like all the women I know in their 50s and 40s, more than able to survive on their own (as I have done since graduating from high school at 13, were legally released and put me in my life The daughter is not trustworthy in her job role ... she gets a promotion she doesn't deserve (a great opportunity) and drops that ball too, but when another female employee walks up to the plate and is ready to deliver The authors shoot her down as an 'opportunist' when she just did what every career-oriented person would do - exploit a wide-open opportunity created by the lack of self-discipline of her colleague, a girl who apparently does not understand the notion of honoring his promises (to her boss in this case.) When the daughter reluctantly "allows" her mother to stay with her temporarily, but treats her mother (the woman who gave her life and raised her to adulthood) as a pariah. authors' of this do not mean that it is not 'common' for parents to act as children and then treated as children of their children. It's just more of the social baloney that Hollywood keeps trying to force down our throats, as if we, their public, were stupid to want to be entertained by their creative offerings. <br /> <br /> This is a sad movie with a stupid end. If the young male restauranteur had been real and not a two-dimensional 'TV character', he had been with the mother who was not so much older than him and quite attractive. But in the end, he falls to the daughter, a low, rather uninteresting girl who has the noble noble, but in a plain, bland way. (The 'opportunistic' young woman who worked with this no girl was much more attractive, physical.) There was no credible reason presented to the public, why the restauranteur preferred the daughter (who was a bumpy, selfish, self-centered b *). tch, who treated his mother with incredibly disrespectful to the mother - a woman who was kind hearted, sweet-hearted, humorous and had a joie de vivre, the daughter could not even begin to understand. Of course, the mother had her own mistakes. She had responded to her husband's death by drinking herself in a stupor for a year or two afterwards, which apparently created the rift between her and her smart daughter. <br /> <br /> No matter how the characters were or were not developed, it is a baloney movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time unless you actually look like baloney. (Where is the mustard?)
