Although I had no earthly idea of ​​what to expect from this movie, it probably wasn't as I had thought if something had actually come to mind. When I first heard of its existence, all I knew was that I should own a movie called Please Do Not Eat The Babies. Unfortunately, I could only find a copy under his alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I suppose I could call it a lost situation. On the one hand, I still am not known as the guy who owns a movie called "Please Eat the Babies", and on the other hand, the Island Fury will eventually reveal himself to be a horrible, pointless, boring, inedible piece of waste. Yes, definitely lost. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure what genre they are going to here. Just the early 80's badness, with a backlink that can actually be longer than the non-repurchase. First, two teenage girls are hunted by two villains when they are caught, the evil ones are alerting that one of the girls has a coin on a string around their necks, and in some way by these evil guys much more of These coins are stored on an island somewhere. And this is where things start to get nice, somehow these guys know a trip, the girls went to an island years earlier, when they were only 10. I think it should mean that the girls should know exactly where This alleged tax is. So now we are in the past while the girls are trying to regain their steps, so these evil do not kill them, even though I would not have thought they had. In the feedback, the 10-year-old colleagues are on a boat trip with their sisters and sister's boyfriends, who eventually stop at an island for some air, they are mingled with a child and his killer parents. Any potential excitement or reason to never look up, but the flashback was unthinkable better than the present, which still doesn't say much. <br /> <br /> For some time I had forgotten the original story, at one point I thought maybe the director had too, and when the feedback ended, it would be the end that would have worked for me considering this disappointment would have been half an hour shorter. This pointless movie in a meaningless movie eventually ends and real things happen, but it's stupid. I do not exactly assume that a movie full of infants will be consumed or something like that, but I expected some form of foreign B entertainment, mostly just a confusing, unfortunate story, uncertain of its genre. My advice would be to figure out something worthwhile like Attack Of The Beast Creatures. If anyone, I would only recommend this to serious B-movie collectors who must have them all, others interested probably have brain damage. What really makes me is that I still have no idea why they called it. Don't let the babies eat. 3.10
