When a movie in a book seems meaningless and incomprehensible, the cause can always be found in the book: whether it was pointless to start, or the point is not easily transferred to movies, or the movie missed the point, which is the most frequent of these results, and easiest to do, especially when the point is one that is not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book must have felt this and felt as if he had received it; but I suppose most of them could not say it in words. I'm not sure I can, though, but maybe it comes to this or something like that: Things come, things go, such is life, but we continue; or at least some of us - people like Morvern - do. No doubt that a more critical critic could construct a more appropriate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point - possibly the sum of the whole story is the point - and that it would have been the most important thing to keep an eye on and transfer to adapt the story to movies. The manufacturer of this film apparently lacked the point and does not replace one of her own; And then the movie is nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint from a book lover that his favorite text has been violated. The book's profit is something I bravely admitted: on reading I found it a bloody nuisance and an opportunity to kick the author in the pants and get him to finish the job properly. The story must be the half-educated Morvern's work, but this illusion is constantly being displaced by a dozen different types of literary effects, as if the author were pounding at her with his pen; there are discrepancies between style and tone, as if different sections were composed at different times; and any conclusions I could reach about Morvern had to remain provisional because it was uncertain what the author's intentions were and which he did not: for example, despite Morvern's own self-characterization as a raver, I am wrong that she Lastly, essentially a working classmate's girlfriend remains, and during her wrapping of music downloads not so different from previous generations? In any case, despite my annoyance with the author, I could not deny that his book is stuck with me; and what I couldn't get out of my head was his character setting, her angle on the world, which was almost as vivid as a Goya portrait. Morvern is the kind of person who always meets situations at once rather comical and rather horrible; occasionally she invites them, but more often they land on her as flies, so much of her life consists of a kind of gauche, but gracefully slog-through, subconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical - and it does not begin to describe it idiosyncratic enough. The complex of events and Morvern's response to them is the substance of the book, and its achievement by exposing a cross-section of existence would be difficult to elucidate otherwise; For all I do not like in the book, I can see this. <br /> <br /> The Morvern described here is not the movie's Morvern; Or if it is, most of her are kept off-screen. An actress who could have been well-suited to the character, she had been the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees, from the old television series "Poldark". Samantha Morton looks like good casting: she is rather the same actress, and in one of her previous films, "Jesus' Son", she played a girl who, with a few adjustments, could have been transformed into it. Unfortunately, when the film appeared, she did not have the character from the book to play. First, the book is one that, if it is to be dramatized, almost shouts for monologues of the protagonist to the audience; Without her comments, her perspective, her voice, history loses most of its meaning. It has lost more of it because the adapter has been discontinued from its comics and horrible elements: The most memorable events of the book are limited before they are cave, and then Morvern's answer (whether of amusement or confusion depending on her mood) Missing too, and the events no longer have reason to be in history. In short, the filmmaker chose, for some reason, to transform a lively, serious comic novel into a gleaming art television movie and chose, as its typical image, one of Mrs Morton's artistic shadowy melancholy; as if the Morvern excursion was a tour of the cross stations. It is not at all what the book or the book's morvern was about. For another thing, the movie's motherhood is not Scottish (the actor said in an interview that she didn't have time to study accent) and she should be: it's important that she, her family, and her friends are all from a single place . And finally, the film misses the end of history: Morvern's expenses for everything she has and comes home to ice-cold darkness: It's winter, the dam is frozen, the stream has gone out, and the pub is dark. Minus this and minus the rest it is a failed art movie, a dead movie on a subject whose strength lay in her refusal or native inability to give in to being dead.
