Once again, Canadian television itself delivers and creates another show that will go uninterrupted after its premiere episode. <br /> <br /> The last time I remember sitcoms was to induce a reaction we in the industry call laughter. How fun is it to beat the stereotype of all white people who think all Muslims are terrorists? OK maybe a joke just to keep it to the masses. But not 30 minutes. It's called beating a dead horse. Even SNL would know to give up after a commercial break. Let's also have a little conflict in these scripts. Will she or she not be able to serve cucumber sandwiches to break the fast on Ramadan? When does Ramadan begin? Ohhhhh this is Emmy winning thing here. <br /> <br /> And the characters! What characters ?! They are all cardboard cuts without anything interesting to make us follow them from one situation to the next. It's the purpose of the comedy situation. We must have strong, interesting and dynamic characters so that we are constantly drawn on the TV every week. We need to care about these signs to worry about what problems they will come in next week. If I never see these signs, it will be too early. Fortunately, I can't remember any of their names (note to CBC - it's not a good sign). <br /> <br /> And the play is so bland. It is more a problem in casting than in the actors. None of these people actually illuminate the characters they play. They just seem to work their role as if they were working on a movie this week. Sitcoms require actors who live and breathe in character - make us fall in love with them - where they become inseparable from the character they portray. See any American sitcom and you can see how easily identifiable characters are. Part of the problem is that the actors seem to treat this project as if it could be a platform for bigger and better things instead of being their only big character in a life for whom they will spend the next 8 years to depict. The level of interest in the characters and the project shows. But to be honest, considering the lame concept and the horrible writing, there is not much for the actors to do but say their lines and try not to encounter any furniture. Like another commenting, it looks like a television movie and not a sitcom. <br /> <br /> And the control or lack there! What can I say, Canada has so much talent, look at what the comedy channel does with the puppets who kill and look up. Look at the Trailer Park Boys (not the movie because it bites the big helium dog). Look at any American show to see the potentials of our talent as it is here that many of our stars go to find decent work. Give credit to CBC, they really know how to build advertising for a non-event. Remember "the one"? No - well, try not to teach any characters names in this show as it is safe to get in the way of dodo. Let's all hope for a full blown ACTRA strike, so nothing like this comes from Ceeb for a long time.
