This show is a perfect example of how CBC should stick to either news, sports or satirical sketch comedy. As a developer of the comedy situation, the CBC has shown that it can combine the pizazz of "King of Kensington" with the stomach laughing at "The Beachcombers". It's a shame for big shows like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" to share their comic roots with this lamb production. I have to admit that I did not give this show a great chance right from the time I first heard about its concept. Initially, half of the concept is a direct attempt to tear off one of the few sitcom successes in English-Canadian history, "Corner Gas". The rest of the concept - the cultural clash - is far from being original and is often used as a crutch for screenwriting laziness. The choice of the Muslim religion as the basis for the character "fish out of water" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "edgy" and "current", but comes out as forced. Some of the jokes based on the room's reaction to the beginners are cuddling and thoroughly insulting to the intelligence of everyone involved, especially the audience. <br /> <br /> This show is a perfect example of how CBC just doesn't 'get it' when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when presenting Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be presented in such a heavy and forced manner. It would be a refreshing change to watch the CBC introduce diversity in a television show without making the show all about that diversity. I doubt CBC has enough sitcom talent to pull something so subtle. A comparison can be made with the way diversity is depicted in Corner Gas - ie. The aboriginal characters are not separated by their ethnicity, nor is their heritage used to generate history lines. Life and other characters are more realistic in a way that makes ethnicity no more significant than any of their other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> That being said, even as a formal fish out-of-water comedy this show fails. The play is weak, the comic pacing all over the map, and the history of the story, as I saw, was too far beyond the suspension of faith, even for a comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath who is terribly wasted here. I doubt that even the addition of guest stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a chance when CBC's "hype" was dead; but two episodes were all I could stand - I could almost feel my braincells shut down with every failed stroke line. The time slot would be better served by moving more Coronation Street, Air Farce re-runs or Dr. Who. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
