You'd think that with Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter that this movie would have been much better. Unfortunately, the film suffers from hard to believe in characters as well as a large plot problem that causes some of the signs to work the brain. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Ingrid Bergman, who comes to work for the Stoddard family. Everything is so much peach and swells - the family offers Bergman and things could not be more perfect. Well, it is until the mother (Fay Wray) dies, the stock market crashes in 1907 (wiping out family happiness) and Bergman is forced to go home to France. This part of the movie is a little sticky, but not bad. <br /> <br /> Later, after the family's happiness improves, Bergman returns. The four boys have now grown and there is not really a reason why they would recruit her again as governor. But in short, everything swells again. But when WWI arises, the four all go to war - gosh! In the midst of this, one of the sons (David) brings home to his new wife (Susan Hayward). Miss Haywards character is as black and white as the others, although they are all good and swell, of course she is a horny female devil. To make matters worse, she will live in the family home while David is at war. <br /> <br /> Now here is where the movie gets really, really stupid - brain-like stupid. Hayward begins an affair with one of David's brothers, but when his father sees a silhouette of the lovers, Bergman enters the living room from another entrance and pretends it was her, not Hayward with Jack! WHY?! Why would a sane person do this to save an overtly vicious and cyclical woman? That was just the kind of excuse Bergman needed to get rid of boys snipe once and for all! This is just a case of miserable writing and made me angry and probably did the same to the public back in 1941. The rest of the film is made up of a failed opportunity after failed opportunity for Hayward's evil to be postponed. This just flies against common sense and makes the movie a stupid melodramatic mess. As expected, however, the truth finally comes out and everybody swells once more --- happy to be a great loving wonderful family minus the veil, Hayward. <br /> <br /> The movie suffers from poor writing. Hayward's affair made no sense - at least in how it was handled. And having characters that are so gosh-darn good or evil (with nothing in between) drops this movie to the level of another class's soap. The only thing that saves it at all is to act --- they tried as well as they could with a turgid script. Suffice it to say that the Columbia Pictures authors who made this movie should have been beaten with a dead chicken!
