(This may be a bit on the spoilerish side) I would like to start by saying that I didn't see the whole movie, not even because I was aware of the first hour that I would be incredibly disappointed. It is, of course, the problem of taking what many believe to be a great book and making it a Disney Made-for-TV movie. <br /> <br /> A wrinkle of time should have been made into a great movie long ago. It has a great story that could bind children and adults. Plus it is built in quality feelings. But Disney fying was not the way to go. The problem with the movie is that all the things they changed to make it a visual story dumbed down what was so good with the book. It is a complicated and emotional story for children. There was no need to make Charles Wallace purely "psychic" because it was the easiest way to explain it. There was no need to write a match between the three W's W's as added excitement, there are enough tensions in history without it. There was no need to remove Meg's glasses ... which deprived us of what might have been a very sweet scene between Calvin and Me that happens in the book. I could nitpick in days about small things, but I also think bigger things like the art direction was an off. Take the way they did Camazotz, for example, with its strange dark sky. The disadvantage that comes into the book is that Camazotz could be the ground. It looks like the earth. It has people on what looks like humans. The clouds are blue, the grass is green and there are children playing. But something is a bit gone. The directors chose to make Camazotz a complete second instead of taking the lesson in the book and using it in the film's overall direction. The lesson is, of course, that Camazotz might well be land, that is, if we forget how we love. It would have been very scary to have a beautiful afternoon as they walk down the street, while the children jump into the balls in the same rhythm. Unfortunately I didn't see the end. Maybe someone can tell me how Disney was messing up at the end too. <br /> <br /> All in all, an artistic disappointment. <br /> <br />
