Recently, I found out that Madeleine L'Engle's novel had become a Disney movie and ordered the DVD. The book was a favorite of mine when I was a kid, and I read it several times. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that some of the children's actors who do not resemble the characters described in the novel, the Murry family is well cast, with a sympathetic (if too beautiful) Meg in the center and a Charles Wallace who is convincing as a child wonderland without being annoying. <br /> <br /> The first half hour is promising enough, doing a good job of establishing the relationships between the protagonists and setting the stage. Unfortunately, as soon as the non-human characters appear, the fitting begins to rave and when the children leave the ground, the whole thing falls apart. Alfre Woodward is too youthful and looks too royal as the eccentric wife Whatsit (think Miriam Margolis or Joan Plowright instead) and Kate Nelligan's face is as stingy and unthinkable, she must have visited Faye Dunaway's plastic surgeon in recent years. For some reason, they make her wife look like Glinda from The Wizard of Oz, since she should have looked like a benign wicked witch in the West. Ultimately, what makes this very bad is the terrible special effects and art direction. I understand this is a TV movie, but CGI looked like something that could have been done 15 years earlier. Mrs. Whatsits' centaur incarnation is a disaster as it is the Chewbacca-like suit for Aunt Beast, which in the novel is a velvety, elegant creature instead of the creepy Big Foot shown here. I could go on and almost all artistic choices are a disaster, probably because there was not a large enough budget to do this justice, but also because the design work lacks imagination and good judgment. <br /> <br /> This would really have had the feeling of speculating Spielberg brought to his early films. What a shame that with the current popularity of customizing children's literary fantasy series, I wasn't thinking of adapting A Wrinkle in Time, and it's the big screen sequel, giving it the scale it deserves.
