We all know that some of the greatest films of all time were based on books. Although there were not particularly precise adjustments, these films were nevertheless excellent films. Some good examples are the Harry Potter series, the Rings ring trilogy, and to a lesser extent almost every Disney movie made. However, I must regret that A Wrinkle in Time is not one of those films. It not only succeeds in meeting some of the most basic expectations of Madeleine L'Engle's fan base, successfully defeating the standards of scriptwriting, action, special effects and ultimately respect for the public. Mind you, I'm not trying to be mediocre; On the contrary, I went into this affair with an open mind. I figured a made-for-T.V. film would make up for its lack of razzle glare in its script. After all, Star Wars spin-off Ewoks was decent if it was a little silly. Come to think of it, the original Star Wars was made on "a lunch money budget" and see where it took George Lucas! However, the disappointment of the first scene began to embrace me as if I had come too close to the black thing while he was teasing. <br /> <br /> Likewise, Greedo shooting became the first symbol of the Star Wars Special Edition of 1997 (a disaster of monumental proportions involving a disgruntled director making more horrible changes to a beloved classic), wife Whatsit has officially become my personal symbol of the confusion and stupidity that is a wrinkle in time. The reason for this is that she has been mutated without faith. Aside from the slightly controversial decision to cast Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite star-mentor, the filmmakers decided to introduce her as a hook. That's right, a collar. Moreover, the celestial centaurion form of this much-loved character has been hacked by what appears to be a demented eight-year-old; The majestic half-man, half-horse with wings has become a great human head with an eerie smile mounted scary on a horse's bent body, which happens to grow a few wings in the middle. Had I been five, this would have psychologically traumatized me for life. The worst part is the fact that when it spoke, it was shown from behind to avoid the responsibility of lip syncing, resulting in a scene being used on the back of the head and seeing a single, unmoving cheek, thus that the special band less credible than ET <br /> <br /> After getting the most painful part out of the way, I have to move on to the tear-inducing: the characters, the play and the story. Personally, I had always imagined Me resembling skinny myrtle from the Harry Potter films: plain hair, glasses and a figure, most supermodels would find ridiculous. She was always a somewhat anxious, humorous pessimistic mathematical genius who simply could not have cared less about the import and export of Nicaragua. In the movie she is an unpleasant know-it-all for whom I have no sympathy whatsoever. In fact, she makes me unhappy with poor Mr Jenkins, her school leader, who is constantly dealing with her. Calvin, the kind of intelligent child that everyone believes is a jock, has become a jock! The irony is horrible. With regard to the memorable Happy Medium, they took the cozy old woman who liked to look at happy things and replace her with a being "over sex" and like to look at "fun" things, such as girls that falls outside of swings. The only three people I can think of that did a decent job are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and Man With Red Eyes (named "The Dude With Red Eyes" because of his complete reinvention as a sign). <br /> The story is a mess. A good comparison with this aspect of the movie is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, who did not do a good job of telling the story in the book, yet kept the original work of the original. Here, the book's only pleasant conversation with Hades in the underworld, apparently unaware that its body is being destroyed. As the dark gentleman complements the sole on how well it showed the truth to be felt and not seen, Ixchel's flat-tipped wookies (replacing the wonderful creatures that hold Aunt Beast among their ranks) turn up. As the dead god notes how the strange Camazotz's weird terrain was, the cracked sides spread in sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the evil country. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry this movie exists. I don't think the actors were really bad. That's the way the characters are written that destroys it. A wrinkle in the time deserved to be adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, improved on Industrial Light and Magic, scored by John Williams, given his sound on Skywalker Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. In its present state, the film is unworthy of being shown to self-respecting people. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the movie was bad and Mrs. whatsit was nasty. Score: 0.1 / 10 (if I could) <br /> <br /> Benefits: <br /> <br /> They got the names right. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: <br /> <br /> It had horrible issues with the Cliffs Notes level of customization, scripting, acting and special effects, not to mention lack of evidence to ever read the book. Oh, and the main cover / poster has a picture of the three main characters running a flying horse over a castle. Some may say that this symbolizes high adventure. I say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who didn't even disturb Photoshop Meg's arm properly.
