Or "Marlowe at sea". Yet another ridiculously overstated old movie with Bogey. Also spoke. Bogey plays almost the same character as in the Marlow films; always in control of a situation, never nervous - no matter how dangerous a situation calls women "slim" and "ladies" and other such nonsense, the only "real man", ie. alpha man in the movie (the only other alpha man he is the head of the Gestapo - but he is only a fat alpha male man), and - of course - every attractive young woman coming her way cannot resist his charm and desires his penis within hours after their first introduction. The sign clichés are all here. Bogey must be the same type of cynic-about-to-reform as in "Casablanca", and of course he often denies money or other valuables when offered to them - but how does it fit into the hard cynic in him? It doesn't, so he can't be a cynic; Hawke wanted it both ways: a character that is both the "cool single cynic" and another well-meaning humanitarian. I don't think so ... Bacall makes for the first time his non-chaotic "cool babe" routine, and there are lots of overrated, not too interesting, interesting so-called "sexual induendo" exchanges between her and Bogey. These dialogues sound stupid by today's standards. "Just purse your lips and flute ...". A little shit ... She was 19 when this was made, but looks much older and is much less attractive than today's female stars. Her legged face, with its sharp features, is nowhere near to radiate the kind of feminine beauty of a de Havilland, a Myrna Loy's beauty, let alone the indifference of an Irene Dunne. Bacall was more suited to playing vampires, not femme-fatales. (In fact, she is very similar to her face: a Hollywood bitch.) There is a scene where Bacall goes in tears; very unsuitable for her character. There are two or three bad tracks - but my forward button was ready. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" by Bogart, Bacall, Huston and other Hollywood personalities, please contact me by email.
