The film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional Japanese house complete with thatched roofs on the side of a small hill, and a screen text called 'KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840' appears. A young Japanese trainee Samurai, called Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks up the winding road to the house, waiting for Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he has an affair behind his husband, Shugoro's (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) back, happens to be Masanori's teacher. Shugoro comes home unexpectedly to find his wife and student to have very intimate relationships with each other. His honor destroyed the furious Samurai brutal murder of both Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. Over a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a work holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the US Consulate, helps them out by finding them a place to live, you don't need me for you where! He says funny that it is so cheap because it is haunted, as both Ted and Laura laugh, as they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for the moment it is. Almost immediately, the film enters the cliché mode. The lights turn on and off for themselves, Laura has a troubled sense of the place, and a local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them an incredible warning that they must leave before it's too late, as they obviously ignore. The spirits of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were condemned for eternity to remain within the walls of the house because of a curse of the Majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima) on them. But there may be a way to break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family, it can potentially cost them their marriage, daughter, and perhaps even their lives. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor I thought it was a beautiful average movie, OK to see once, if you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two you may have completely forgotten it. Nothing hangs in memory as being particularly bad, but there is nothing special about the movie either. The script by Robert Suhosky from the novel James Hardiman is a bit on the boring side and strictly on the numbers, a lot of ghosts happen throughout the movie, but none of it is very interesting or exciting and the flat characters and direction do not help things. There are some stupid sequences like the giant plastic crabs trying to get Amy and her childcare, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there's a scene where the Zen Monk exorcises the house and the ghosts are banned without being able to re-enter, but that is until Ted just opens the door and they just go in again, some exorcism! Another thing I think was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 when he did this, try his hand at Kung-Fu and Oriental sword fighting! George gets his many breasts out a couple of times, including a very unpretentious sex scene with McClure, although there are great pains and a few sheets that stick to them as super glue, to make sure no under the waist nudity was present. Apart from a couple of mostly screened foreclosures, there is no blood, gore or violence to speak of. The 'transparent' ghost effects are OK, but they won't impress many people these days. It is professionally made and looks pretty good, but the potential of the Japanese setting and myths is wasted as this film could have been set in America, England or a Western country without having to change anything. An OK Time Waster.
