Director Kevin Connor and wannabe action-hero / romantic leader Doug McClure, re-team in this ghost story in Japan. They had been moderately successful together in the 1970s, with 'The Land that Time Forgot' (1975), 'At Earth's Core' (1976), etc. Without plastic samples to carry the story together, the results are shabby and derivative on the most corny way. The film begins with a prologue in the 19th century, with a samurai man killing his wife and her lover before committing suicide. A step forward to the present introduces spouse Ted & Laura, who visits Japan and moves into the house where the tragedy occurred. <br /> <br /> No surprises with what then happens to the spirits of the dead to take over the new inhabitants with family friend Alex (McClure) taking into account the wife's lover. <br /> <br /> Everything is clumsy with an elephant's elegance and grace for an inevitable (but surprisingly downbeat) conclusion. Highlights are two weak assaults ('The Omen' has a lot to answer to promote this as a standard fear set piece) and the love scenes that offer that eye but extremely kinky Susan George. The first is a long 'don't see now' inspired piece with her hubby, complete with piano music; the other a much shorter (probably on her insistent) entanglement with McClure, both look rather uncomfortable. Still, every cloud has a silver lining, and both scenes show their amazing knockers, so everything is not lost. Generally, I can't decide if 'The House where Evil Dwells' is nonsense, nonsense, or entertaining in a masochistic manner. If you are not in the genre, there is nothing here at all, but for horror fans there is enough to provoke the unequal scratching smile and appreciative nod with respect for the effort. The BEST SCENE - in any other movie the big, black, wooden climbing, Japanese murmuring mechanical crabs would have stolen the show. However, they are obscured by the legendary family media scene, where a ghostly head appears in daughters soup. By seeing this view, she asks what kind of soup it is (!!!!) to be told about beef and vegetables before pouring out the immortal line "Ugh - there is a terrible face in my soup". If this wasn't enough, the answer is "C'mon, eat your soup for father." Laurel & Hardy rest in piece.
