At the beginning of the movie you may double check the DVD cover and reload synopsis a few times, but no worries. It's not "Memoirs of a Geisha" that you bought; just a movie with an intro that is much more classic and stylish than it has the right to be. Nevertheless, the opening is by far the best thing about the whole movie, as it shows how in the year 1840 a samurai swordsman catches his wife commits adultery. He decapitates the two lovers before he has made some hara-kiri (ritual suicide through disembowelment). Cut to the present, when the American Ambassador to Japan welcomes a friendship and drives them to the same house where the abovementioned slaughter took place almost one and a half centuries ago. From time to time this becomes a seemingly routine haunted house girl, but the completely delayed and incredible script still makes it something extraordinary. Let's start with the good aspects: the original Japanese attitude and the presence of the delicious Susan George, my all-time favorite British horror wench (well along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects merely include the fact that the manuscript is incoherent, carefree without repairs and full of supposedly disturbing terms that only cause laughter. The house's restless spirits soon begin to entertain themselves by engaging in the bodies of the new tenants and making them do and say all kinds of crazy things. The spirit of the massacre incredible woman's spirit enjoys especially squeezing into Susan's astonishing treasure and transforming her into a terribly seductive! In this "obsessed" state, she even entices the American ambassador outside to have sex in the garden for a high society dinner party with many prominent guests. So strictly speaking, it is not really "evil" living in the house; just a trio of sleazy ghosts with dirty minds and too much free time on their long-dead hands! Of course, these scenes are more comical than scary, especially since the light blue and transparent shapes remind you of the sweet ghost effects that later became popular in "Ghostbusters". "The House Where Evil Dwells" is probably the least frightening ghost movie ever. During most of the game time, you wonder if director Kevin Connor (who nevertheless did the excellent horror movies "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally make his movie fun and over-top like " Motel Hell "maybe. But then again, everyone in the thrown continues to speak his lines with a right and sincere face, so we still have to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The House where Evil Dwells" is never exciting or even externally exciting, and it doesn't even contain pigs pictures except the massacre at the beginning. I am fully aware of how low it sounds, but the two scenes where Susan George goes topless are the only true highlights. Well, they and maybe also the invasion of cheesy and ridiculously oversized spiders (or are they crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How totally random and irrelevant was it? If you ever decide to give this movie a chance despite its bad reputation, be sure to leave your sense and reasoning right outside the door. Trivia note for horror buffs: Watch for demon mask, which was also a pivot piece of landscape in the brilliant Japanese horror classic Onibaba.
