Dear dear dear ones ... me! I had the strength to see it through ... But why? The first two movies where fun and actually something good. But it's so bad we had trouble seeing it all. This was a kind of tremors for children. I can't believe this movie was made at all. It looks like the props where they are taken from some bad western series of some kind (for children) and they did just what they could with it. <br /> <br /> What audience is this movie for? I can only think of 12-14 year olds. If you are older than 14, you have serious problems with this movie. It is not only slow, but it is so completely boring. The characters are exaggerated (not just a little either) and so stereotypical it is fun for a while .. but not long enough not to get you to merge tomatoes on the screen. You know everything that's going to happen too, because yes ... you've seen it a billion times before in any whole series of kids for kids. I picked all the survivors and all the trump cards the other characters were introduced. It's so bad .. so wrong .. so ... shit. <br /> <br /> But OK, we got a laugh now and then. Not just in the stupid plot holes, but some scenes where worth a replay or two ... or a scene there is where two baby tremors flirt at one of the obvious tremor feet guys .. It really is a great scene who made us repeat it over and over and laugh wholeheartedly. Let me still laugh when I think about it. But it only happened once more. And that's when the "badass" gun shows and delights its part wonderfully ... and a comment "They come from the ground as some DEMONIC TROUT!" At this point we almost cried with laughter. But after that nothing could ever overlook it .. (?) .. so it's pretty much downhill from there. <br /> <br /> So peaks here are demonic trout and overactive. If anyone ever tells you this is a good movie ... he is either a "plant", vegetable or some very evil. This movie must be the worst of the tremors by far. Looking forward to seeing Tremors 3, it has to be the box office hit compared to this ... this ... * goosebumps * no .. I will leave it on it.
