Okay, I know that many people will probably discard this review, as Watership Down is a "classic" and a standard part of most people's childhood, but to see this movie for the first time in 18-year-olds, I must admit: I really hated it. <br /> <br /> We watched this movie because my sister had read the book and really enjoyed it, and many people whimpered by the words "Watership Down" - their memories of watching the movie as children and having their feelings torn on seams-recommended it. To be honest, I wish I hadn't bothered me. I gave it for the benefit of the doubt; In general, I don't like to stop watching a movie halfway through. This was an exception. It was really, really rude, sickly boring. This movie may have been the slowest thing I've ever seen (imagine a doped snail in space) and really "don't do it" for me. The art was okay; The background was nicely made, if not a bit bland and two, even though the rabbits themselves were not very endless and the animation was pretty jumpy and poorly produced. I will not go into great details of the story; Basically it is the story of a group of rabbits leaving their war because of infiltration of people in the area. Generally, a moralistic story of the dangers of human interactions on the environment, it uses anthropomorphic rabbits to put the message across. For me, I wanted them to be gassed, not because I am a horrible sadistic person, but because the characters were uninspiring, annoying, boring and generally quite rude (oh, I'm so horrible English). I found out that I was constantly looking at the watch while watching the movie, and it took a whole 20 minutes or so before something actually happened and even that was a terrible anticlimax. <br /> <br /> If I had to praise it in any way, I must admit that the concept of showing the children the dangers of building the countryside and hopefully revealing the arrogance of people, etc., etc., is quite well-meaning. Perhaps it is generally fair and prudent, but the message that it seeks to produce is good in its nature. The musical score was not bad either. <br /> <br /> So to conclude, this movie is pretty bad. I couldn't see it all the way through, or I would probably be forced to eat my own legs in plain boredom. Granted, it's not "Moment" bad, but it still doesn't rate high in my eyes so I've given it a 2/10. Hope it helps.
