Did I go into something or is the bad smell from Daybreak 1 + 2? God was behind everything? What does God have to do with Sci-Fi? God is only the answer when you cannot think of a reasonable explanation for something. In fact, this is precisely the problem with the series finale - they could of course not think of sensible explanations for the many big issues raised throughout the series, such as how Kara Thrace comes back from the dead in a brand new viper, how his old viper and charred body ended up on earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary Baltar in her head, etc. so they explain it with "angels" or just explain it not at all. <br /> <br /> The reason for the last 2 episodes had holes big enough to fly through a base star. Why does Galactica and its crew go on a suicide mission to rescue a girl (Hera), especially after Adama said there was no way he would try to save? Because they found out the location of the Cylon base? It is not a good reason to sacrifice the lives of the crews. And how did Anders know the location? And what was the point of feedback to the protagonists' lives before the war? It's as if they forgot to do it earlier, so they threw something at the last minute. <br /> <br /> The people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same authors who created what has been a sensational series so far. Feel that the manuscript was taken over by evangelical Christians on a mission to spread the word. Forget about trying to tie the loose ends into the plot; the important message that the authors wanted to come across is: do not believe in technology as it will lead to your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (good luck if you have a disease that requires medical treatment). <br /> <br /> Imagine in the final movie of the Star Wars series, they tell you that there is no "force" ... instead, a Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. Then they fly their spaceships into the nearest star and go into the woods with Ewoks. Would it be a good ending? No, that coat would not.
