In the 1930s, there was a vogue for documentaries about distant corners of the world with emphasis on wildlife, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. In spite of logistics to transport a movie crew member to a distant and dangerous place and then bring them alive again (with film recordings), such films were often much cheaper to make than conventional Hollywood features ... because there were no expensive sets, costumes or expensive movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful producers of such films (artistic and economical) were the team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with blatantly staged events) in Africa and Asia. Johnson's safari film was extremely popular and inspired numerous parodies ... especially Wheeler & Woolsey's "So This is Africa", where the very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson, geddit?). Although several other filmmakers produced safari documentaries at this time, Johnson's films were the most popular in this genre because they were addicted to humor. From our own more enlightened (hopeful) point of view, this is a serious error in Johnson's documentary: there are too many scenes where the funny little brown or yellow people are made to see complete idiots that are easily smeared by the clever white bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> A particular asset in these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she manages to seem young enough to be his daughter. Though not as attractive as the beautiful blonde Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was a smart brunette who gave admirable performances in front of the camera in all the movies she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> 'Congorilla' is probably the best of Johnson's movies. The King's shots are interesting and have some historical value as proof of how this environment resembled in 1930. The pygmies and other natives are also interesting, even though they suffer from the sensation of Johnson to arrange events in a way that native appearance is. 'wild' and alien. The best (and funniest) scene in 'Congorilla' is an impromptu sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach a jazz dance to some Pygmy women. (The dance is the black bottom, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope famously taught to Daisy and Violet Hilton, the paired twins.) Using jodhpurs, riding boots and a pith helmet, Osa Johnson starts scatsang singing she does high steps and beat her knees in her attempt to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they are just staring at her and seemingly wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to do. It's a very fun scene, but it has unpleasant undertones. Osa Johnson makes a dance that was invented by black Americans. The implication seems to be that black Africans should instinctively perform this dance after a brief demonstration (using natural rhythm, I believe) because it is in their blood or something. <br /> <br /> I rate 'Congorilla' 4 points out of 10. This movie says a bit about the African life of the 1930s and more about American cultural perceptions in the same decade.
