Oh dear sir, how on earth was any part of this movie ever approved by anyone? It's a variety of cheese from start to finish, but it's not even good cheese. It's the scummiest, moldiest, most tasteless cheese there is, and I can't believe there's anyone out there who actually really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw it with a lot of drunk / stoned friends, some pieces can be fun in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience, the only entertaining parts when the group of friends throws popcorn and violent insults on each other and the screen. I saw it with an up for the couple laughing, who had been given a few beers in preparation for throwing away in the movie's expected destiny. We got the scab (lots of it) but not chuckles. It doesn't even qualify as such a bad-it's-good movie. It's just pretty bad. Very, very bad. Here's why (look away if you're a spoiler phobic): The movie starts with a guy who beat another guy to death. OK, I was a few minutes late in so not sure why it was, but I think I understood 'this guy is a bit of a badass that you won't rip with' behind the brilliant scene. Oh, and a guy testifies to that. So we already have our ultra-modern bad guy, and wussy but sweet (apparently) good guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam enters the stage in the usual way and saves good guy in the usual way that only bad action movies can perform, ie. Hero is immune to bullets, everyone else falls over rather clumsy. Cue first plot hole. How the bloody hell knew Sammy where this guy was or that he had seen the murder. Perhaps this and the answers to all my plot-hole related questions were explained in the 2 minutes before I entered the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I will stop sticking holes in the plot right here so that I do not transform the movie into something like Swiss cheese (as we all know is good cheese). So, 'plotted' (a very generous word to use). Good guy must come to LA, evil guy would rather not, Hero Sam stands between the two. Cue scenery for the next vomiting time - the passenger plane. As I said, I no longer said to plot holes, I just want to leave it there. Airliner. Then, the important ingredient so far lacks from this gem of a movie, and what does it all be - Snakes. Yay! Oh, pause. First, we have the introduction to all the mandatory figures that a lame film must have. Hot, horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), dead-before-any-snakes - straight-see British guy (the annoying Britons, eh?), Sweet kids and Jo Brand. For all you Americans, there is an English cartoon famous for her size and unattractiveness. Now that we have met the cast, let's see everyone die die (except of course the cute kids). Don't expect something original, it's just snake bites on different and increasingly hilarious (really not) parts of the body. Use your imagination as the filmmakers obviously didn't use theirs. <br /> <br /> So it's most of the movie wrapped, so now for the best bit, the end. As expected, everything is as good as the plane lands, so that everyone in sight begins to suck. Yep, Ice-cool Sammy included. But wait, we're not all from the plane yet! The last guy to go off is good guy, but like he does, he is bitten by a (you guessed it) snake (of all things). It was clear that this had been hidden in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, as it somehow managed to withstand the air pressure that the good old man had hired a few minutes earlier, despite the 200ft crusher (the one eating the annoying British bugger) is incapable of . Then Sam shoots him and the snake in a fall. At this point, I asked that the film was making a much needed U-turn and revealing that the entire hero was actually a traitor of some sort. But no. In a kind of icing on the cake way (but with outdated cheese, remember), it is obvious that the climax of the film was with a bullet-proof vest. How to believe that an audience 10 years ago, let alone in 2006, would be impressed by their ingenuity, is beyond me, but it did good to summarize the film. In fact, we are not quite finished yet. After everyone has sucked their face (Uncle Sam with leading actress, good guy with Tiffany, the token Black guy with the token White Girl and the warm couple in a heart warming of necrophilia) it is time for a good guy and completely to get it on. ... in Bali !!! No, it was not at all exciting, the exclamation marks were just there to represent my full joy in seeing the credits. Yes, the film's final shot is a festive ride to convey the message that a bit of male bonding has taken place, and a chance for morons that actually enjoyed the movie a few times. That is it. This is the first time I have ever submitted a movie review, but I felt so strong that someone may speak out against this scourge of filmography. If you like planes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, air guards, evil guys, surfing, dogs in bags or English people, please see this movie. It will pollute your opinion of all of the above so far that you will never get in touch with any of them ever again. Go to United 93 instead. It was good.
