This is not a movie you can really analyze separately from that production. The audience became filmmakers to an extent unprecedented in the history of the American film industry; we felt so involved that it looks like a friend's work. How is it possible to be objective? This is our movie, isn't it? Or is it? There can be nothing more disingeuous than a filmmaker who promotes himself as the public's friend, giving them all the naughty treats that the nanny critics would deny them. Just look at leading self-publisher Eli Roth, promising gorehounds, all the whispers are missing from literally ghastly mainstream horror movies, just to churn out a watery and technically incompetent job like 'Hostel'. <br /> <br /> David R. Ellis must not have created the monster that was the Internet response to his movie, but he was understandably quick to engage in it. He took the carnival-huckster school for film production to a new level, made the fans build what they would eventually buy. So many have excited about this interactive, democratic approach to film making that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the most cynical form of film-like marketing. Nothing is included that the filmmakers know that fans will not buy, and any old suggestion that gets bums on seats is incorporated. The fact that the track became the title tells you everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is this not just the development of the focus group's approach? Individual creativity, talent, craft, ideas, all sacrificed for the masses' inane chats. It is a critical secret that focus groups and test screens do not make it good movies - why should the preventive intervention of the internet entertainers be different? Because we happen to be movie fans? Thank you so much for otherwise I might not have seen a topless woman get her nipple bitten by a snake. So yes, I had fun in the movie - a midnight show, fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice - but it actually had relatively little to do with the movie and quite a lot to do with the atmosphere. As Christmas everyone seemed to want to have fun no matter what. There was laughter, but I don't know if it was with the movie or the movie. With a movie like this, is it even a meaningful difference? There are some really good aspects to the movie. Samuel L. Jackson gives a doomed performance, pure self-esteem but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles and there are one or two inspired moments - the fate of the lap dog is really fun black comedy that the rest of the movie fails to emulate. <br /> <br /> stock signs can be expected, but the total lack of excitement is not. What is the point of a movie that combines two great phobias if there is no crawling threat? There are several snake-spring-out moments, but they are incredibly badly staged. Only the annoying British man gets a decent pulpy death scene - the other killings are strangely flat. The incident of the honeymoon couple, for example, is devoid of shame. Most of the actors fail to get an impression; It's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should seem so tired (when she tells two children to close her eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a rollercoaster, she could talk to the audience - the movie falls very short). <br /> <br /> There are worse movies, but there are many, many better ones; Another reviewer on this site compared this movie to 'Lake Placid' and it is just as appropriate a contrast that I can think of. That movie worked so wonderfully, because the show was excellent, the jokes were fun, the excitement scary, and it was not conceived by the committee. That the characters had a small depth and shade was an unexpected bonus. I don't need an afternoon after midnight, showing that I'm fine with that movie. <br /> <br /> This movie will gradually become a pure footnote in movie history. However, if it's a precedent, I'm really worried about what can cross our screens in a few years. It will most likely not come much of it. Perennial popcorn favorites - 'Raiders of the Lost Ark', 'Alien', 'Halloween' and of course 'Star Wars' - are not produced by group thinking. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I'll tell you what I don't have half a craving for some Ingmar Bergman.
