The more I analyze this movie, the worse it gets. First of all, why a motivational speaker? That part was just stupid. I mean, why would a megalomania trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really so disorganized? First, he cannot decide what he will do to control the world, so he looks to the Bible for ideas. Many of these ideas, which I might add, really have no reliability. (For example, the part of "Ishmael's house and Isaac may scream in terror" may already have happened. It could have been the synagogues burned under Crystalnacht and the mosques might well have been the mosques burst in Baghdad or something.) And Gillen Lane's family! They had no part except supplying family values ​​and dipping their eyes with water! I can add that Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only in his twenties (or that is the impression I had) and has a 10-year-old child he had his child in high school. Yes, TBN's family values ​​go. Also, why should this movie be so prominent propaganda-like? I will repeat what a previous reviewer said. The Indiana Jones flicks use Christian mythology as a plot dvice and manipulate it well so we're drunk. This movie doesn't. Beginning well, Michael Ironsides plays a pastor who kills a teacher of some sort and steals the dead guy's Omega Code. So when confronted by two men whom he is naturally afraid of, the two prophets tell, "Tell your master that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. That part sent chills up the back. Had it only gone like the one scene I would have loved this movie. I give Michael York credit: he does a good job of building his character, like Michael Ironsides. But the good guys are terrible. I've already moved on to Lane's family <br /> <br />. Now that I am over the play, I will continue to plot. This is of course a Baptist movie, as our beloved Pope of the Vatican is portrayed as an oaf. The world domination plot I liked and found plausible and subtle, as were the action sequences were also exciting and well done. Another diatribe to the Vatican, their leaders are seen as dogmatically minded, as Gillen explains the Pope that it is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. Also, the Vatican (or Israelis) say they should separate from the World Union when they used the Omega Code to control the world. Who it was, they would not just stand out, they would send commands and kill them. This is similar to the fact that by knowing that the KGB is going to kill the president and simply saying, "We will not talk more to you!" Come on! I enjoy the scenes where we see the bombs heading towards Israel and see them again on the screen. Mediocre in short.
