I was very disappointed with this movie for a few reasons. For the first half hour it's actually pretty decent. Although the play is no better than what you would find in a rap video, it is a bit of fun and the production value does not seem half-bad. In fact, I almost thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican movie), which turned out to be much better than expected. The reason for the film is not just cheating husbands, but how women are seen and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which is a good assumption especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the filmmakers' decision makers are dependent on a good movie about how to treat your subject and they beat the broiler they had before them. About 30 minutes in the film, men and women turn to roles after the protagonists wife puts some sort of magic on him as a result of his cheating habits. Not only does this transition occur through what appears to be groundbreaking, space age, CGI effects dating to what I guess would be the 70s, but the whole plot just goes down the drain. The rest of the movie is nothing but cheesy predictable situations and clever lines. To top it all (and I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) it all turns out to be a dream. Oh my, who didn't see that coming? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous with the movie. Good after approx. an hour into it I start to think "hmmmm something just doesn't like the soundtrack, but what can it be?" ?? and then it hits me HALF OF MUSIC IN THE MOVIE HAS BEEN FROM A VIDEO GAME KALLED KING OF FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When oh when DR will give us a movie, can we call a work of art? ! Maybe a comedy that matches France's Amelie, or an action girl to match Thailand's Ong-Bak, is an animation that Akira was to Japan, a witty criminal thriller like Layer Cake was in England or a socio-waking journey like Waking Life had in the states. <br /> <br /> ... I'd give it a 1, but I've seen much worse coming out of the DR, looking for Los Jodedores, and you know what I'm talking about.
