Raising Victor Vargas: A Review <br/> <br /> You know that Raising Victor Vargas is like holding your hands in a large, steaming bowl of oatmeal. It's hot and pointy, but you're not sure if it feels right. Try as I might, no matter how hot and gooey Raising Victor Vargas became. I was always aware that something didn't really feel right. Victor Vargas suffers from some conviction on the director's side. Apparently, the director believed that the ethnic background of a Latino family on the lower east side and an idyllic history would make the film critic safe. He was right, but it didn't fool me. Revenge Victor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy who was called, you guessed it, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) who lives his teens and chases more skirts than the Rolling Stones could do in all the years they have toured. The movie starts in the `Ugly Fat 'Donna's bedroom, where Victor is sure to seduce her, but a call from outside disturbs his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes and looks for him. Trapped in the attempt by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas runs for damage control. But even with the embarrassing implication that he has fined the nicest girl in the neighborhood, it does not deter young Victor from going out on the hunt for more fresh meat. On a hot New York City day, they go to the local public swimming pool, where Victor's eyes catch a glimpse of the lovely young nymph Judy (Judy Marte) who is not only beautiful but also strong and independent. The relationship between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family consisting of his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by brother of Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The plot follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor is trying to be an oversized pimp father, his feelings for Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic upbringing. The problem that arises from raising Victor Vargas is a few, but sharp errors. Throughout the movie you will learn certain characters like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend Melonie. The problem is that we don't know anything about Victor Vargas, except he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his lips and fight his frost and carry himself to wake up girls in the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and quietly, you could see it at the prices of the family piano. We know that his sister Nicki, is a gossip-loving girl with an invested interest in watching television. We know that Grandma is a hardworking traditional Latina woman who tries to raise her children conservatively in a world of excess corruption. Where's the titular character, Victor Vargas? He is in this movie somewhere, but we only know what the film tells us. This is by far the film's biggest mistake. Victor Vargas is not so much a character, but a ping-pong ball that jumps between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never learn who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I have mentioned the only thing we know about Victor Vargas, is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido, which is the size of Manhattan. He is a total alpha male. Victor Vargas is not the kind of character I sympathize with at all. Why should anyone? So at the end of the movie, are we actually led to believe that Victor Vargas has somehow achieved a depth and learned the errors in his ways? How could such a two-dimensional character have any depth? If only the instructor had worried a little more about throwing his protagonist instead of worrying about getting that perfect handheld shot. Raising Victor Vargas brings life to the world of the Latin American inner city to the big screen. Something that few movies have done before in the past. The movie has been complimented to feel so real, and I won't <br /> <br /> argue for it. I haven't seen this level of reality since CBS aired Survivor. Seriously, even though the film has some nice pictures of the city, the author / director Peter Sollett was all too dependent on close-ups and handheld shots. This problem is particularly noticeable in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic, I was forced to perform breathing exercises to avoid passing out. As the film continues, the shoots become tighter and tighter with faces cut from the forehead to the notch on the screen; You can almost smell Victor Vargas cheap cologne. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The indoor scenes in inner city apartments make them small and cramps, which is not true. I've been to these types of apartments; I used to live in one. They are not splendid, but they have high ceilings and they are decent living spaces. With the film's standards, you think these apartments were 5x5 cells of brick, cut paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Sollett's constant use of close-ups and a particularly bad shot comes with a zoom-in on a scene as completely amateur. But Victor Vargas's upliftment is only Sollett's second film, and his best-known, solid filmmaking effort, which hopefully gets better when he continues to make films. A review I read summed up the movie as "Ethnicity for the sake of ethnicity" and I cannot agree. If Victor Vargas really was a great movie and story, then the sign's usefulness would not be anything if they were Latin, Chinese, etc. But if you were to take that story and keep it in middle class with a bunch of teeny-boots white children the results would not be so glowing reviews and we would see the movie's errors more clearly. In fact, some other aspects of the use of latinos in this movie disturb me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are precise others, I have to question it. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky all share the same room to sleep. This interrupted an alarm for me because it seemed to be contrary to what I believe. Any self-respecting Latino family would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen year old girl. At first I was unsure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother I knew that my problem with this was justified. Considering how conservative grandmother is, you think Vicky would have slept in his room. As a latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban household raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full time, I could relate to the movie in many ways, so my critical views are bittersweet because I really would love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the movie. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of the guys that were laid while I was playing with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Perhaps it is because Victor Vargas is only a stereotypical hot-blooded latino without further inward cutting of the movie. He'll just end up shouting for girls from his car: Hey bay-bee, I'd like to get into my luv Mah-Cheen? ' Whatever I don't like him, so in the end how do I like a movie about him? So if you excuse me, I'll hold my hand in a bowl of grills. <br /> <br />
