When teens take a ride in a camper, there are many clichés that you can guarantee will follow. <br /> <br /> 1) Teenagers will be warned not to go where they go from a crazy room. Dan Van Husen handles it with a ridiculous exhibition about deadly sirens. What, who, how and why is handled in an almost incomprehensible outbreak. 2) The van will break down 3) While seeking help, the group will be split and picked up one by one, regardless of which monster they have been warned about. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a madman, he will catch them. 5) The house will have a phone, but it will not work, it will be disturbingly decorated, there will be flickering neon lights, spiders and maggots. 6) The insane will catch them as they try to escape in a vehicle that does not start (here was the fast flight to be made on a tractor). 7) The madman is apparently killed only to get back from the dead for a cheap, weak scare and will then be killed properly. 8) Only one girl will be survived from the group. 9) There will be an unnecessary twist at the end. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements naked sirens (as the characters seem to respond in a variety of ways despite the fact that everyone who sees them needs to fall in love with them immediately), who seduce and kill teenagers , throats are torn out and organs pulled in half, and you have something that resembles a twelve year old drummer's dream movie. <br /> <br /> I think it's only fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible but I am happy to point out that there are a few elements that puts on comfortable and is a big improvement on his previous movie, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. At times, the cinematography is very good, the music and editing is a slice of its previous films and some other low budget intersections. I was impressed to hear that it was achieved by a third of the money spent on the former monstrosity. But the worst thing about this movie is not in the movie's body, but it is ultimately a mild transition if a meaningless movie has been done over and over, but among DVD extras. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie, I ask you to listen to the instructor's comment, it is without faith. There is more to say about this than the film itself. A staggering part of the comment is the director's claim that the film is cliché led because it was a preconceived idea. He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés and openly speculates if "people will get it". <br /> <br /> I'm afraid to say that if this were to be a smart nod and a glance at the past movies and the genre clichés in them, then it's not wittily scripted enough, acted in an appropriate tone or aimed at enough style for work. If this movie was made to order, it leads me to ask a question; "What was the point?" This is the movie that just slides right into the cannon with bad horror movies, any attempt to do something smart or different has not worked. <br /> <br /> The next nugget brilliance is a talk about the snobbery against digital movie formats. They rightly point out that digitally often is synonymous with fairness and ease of use. But the best moment of the conversation comes when they regret the fact that when Michael Mann is making a movie in the format, he is labeled as a visionary. There is a simple difference to being made here; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to fit his story and style, Roberts is a horror hack that uses it to produce bottom shelf genre images. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but superfluous. The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments on people who have taken the time to review their previous movie. Those who did not like it are generalized as "geeks" and he even goes so far as to designate certain people to have the nerve to vote their minds in forums that encourage them to do just that. I must admit that I was a little disappointed that my review of his last film was not designated as ridicule. Tirade continues as the group's joke about Norwegian proofreaders, complete with "hilarious" accents, which means that people from Norway would not know a good movie, simply because of where they were born. As always, these kinds of comments say more about those who say them than those they target. They just make the instructor and his friends look ignorant. The package is rounded off with a tasteful featurette about how the Sirens were cast. Robert swears blindly in voice over, "I didn't want to make a movie that was like Baywatch" when we watch the audition tapes of topless and naked girls teeming with the earth. There is also a simple, self-explanatory documentary on Darkhunters presentation, where Roberts says a reviewer has claimed that Forest is "the best British film this year". I do not know who he is trying to convince. At one point in the commentary track, Robert says, "I see people sitting at home saying" this is not great, that's what he's not wrong with.
