I have never been an avid viewer of "Crocodile Hunter" but occasionally saw an episode, or a bit of an episode, and when the news spread about Steve Irwin's death from a stingray attack in 2006, it was definitely my attention. This movie, with Steve and his wife Terri, played itself, but in a fictional story was released in 2002, but I didn't hear it until several years later and even after it took me a while to get around to watch the. Well, now I've seen it, and after I first saw it (more than once) and saw its rating, I wasn't surprised how irreversible it turned out to be, even though it might have been a better BIT . It seems to be a comedy, so a big problem with it is that it is not fun at all. <br /> <br /> An American satellite beam falls from space and lands in Australia where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where it terrorizes the cattle on a ranch owned by the crazy Brozzie Drewitt and is unaware of what's in it, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to retrieve the lighthouse! The agents are assisted by Jo Buckley, and the runner and her dogs can make the job more difficult for them! At Steve and Terri's mission, they face other forms of dangerous wildlife, not just the crocodile, and since they have no idea that the hook has anything unusual in it when Steve sees the CIA agents after them, he fails them for poachers ! <br /> <br /> Not only did I laugh while watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was Steve Irwin using a big snake to scare one of the CIA agents . Apart from that, I don't think I found anything even mildly fun. It is also a bit of an incoherent mess that switches back and forth from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters, and it seems like clips from "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from an action thriller (or something similar) composed for some reason. Also added to the mix are ranch scenes that also seem to be from somewhere else and as fun as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, must be, she's not. At some point we see her farting, so we have a speed joke, a MAJOR cliché in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist? I also found the typical "Crocodile Hunter" scenes, with Steve breaking crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking about them to the viewers, to be boring, but I think I was never a good fan of the show, didn't help . <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin was admired by many as a conservative, and unfortunately missed by them, while there are also those who say he broke with nature and made it come to him. Whichever side you are on, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-developed movie. I'm sure it helps if you are a great Steve Irwin fan, but even if you are, there is no guarantee that you would like this movie that some fans have not been impressed with. In fact, it seems that some of them have found this movie worse than I have, so maybe it won't help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say what you might think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was unnecessary. The attempt to combine what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictional story, sadly fails, and a viewer may find that this movie seems longer than ninety minutes!
