Forest of the Damned starts as five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) & Ally (Sophie Holland) along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood) long holiday 'in the middle of heaven' , their words not mine. Yet before they know it, they are deep in a forest, and Emilio clumsily climbs over a woman (Frances Da Costa) along with a badly injured person to add to their problems, the van they travel in will not start Don't get any signals on their cell phones. They need to find help quickly, so Molly & Judd wander in the hope of finding a house as time goes by and the darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that there is something nasty in the woods ... <br /> <br /> This English production is written and directed by Johannes Roberts and has reviewed several other comments and reviews both here on IMDb & across the internet. Forest of the Damned seems to divide meaning with some who think about it and others not personally did not do much at all. The script is credited on the screen to Roberts, but here at IMDb it lists at Joseph London with "extra script material", whatever that means, the movie is your basic backwoods slasher type thing like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your basically stranded faceless teenage victims Being bumped off but using the interesting concept of fallen angels roaming the forest and killing people for reasons never explained to any great satisfaction. Then there is Stephen, played by the eternally amazing Tom Savini, who never gets any reason for what he does. Is he there to become victims of angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by basing his head? The story is very loose, it never felt like a real movie. The character is poor, the dialogue not much better & the lack of any significant story makes it difficult to get into it or worry about something that happens. That said, it goes at a reasonable pace and there are a few decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director John does nothing special, it's not a particularly stylish or flash movie to watch. There are a few decent horror scenes & the Tom Savini character is great when he is on the screen (though why not he hear Judd breaking the door down with an ax while he was relaxing with Molly?) & It's a shame when he gets knocked off . There are a few decent gore scenes here, someone has their head bashed in, there's a beheading, someone gets shotgun blasted, some throat is bitten out, some's lips are bitten off & someone's ripped in half. There is also a lot of frontal female nudity, not that it helps much. <br /> <br /> Technical Forest of the Damned is ok, it's reasonably well made, but nothing too special or eye-catching. This was shot in England and Wales and it is quite strange to see an English setting for a very American theme backward screaming. The action is generally rather poor, afraid of Savini, who deserves to be better than this. The horror writer Shaun Hutson has an embarrassing como at the end and proves that he should stick to writing instead of acting. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned was a pretty bad horror movie, it seems to have fans out there so maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie I have much love for. Apart from one or two decent moments, there is not much to recommend here.
