From the start, this movie was horrible! Why was it so bad ?? If it is not the naked women, not only need a decent plastic surgeon, but also a dentist's expertise followed by a free-motion show of Colgate whitening !! Then it is the 'crazy' old guy at the gas station who is not so much crazy, but more. "I'm not sure how to act much so I will stare straight ahead and look as stupid as I can while pretending to shout in robot tones about something in the forest" !! Then back to those nude nymphs who need a cure for gingivitis .... apparently without touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene .... they can cause an unpleasant looking red rash on your neck, which I supposed to be a piece of meat missing, but just looks like it could do with some TCP to clean it up completely. Then you have Sophie Holland, who plays Ally, I have never seen such baaaaaad action, she is more of a "me me, if I do not have fun, no one else and I will not, so I will not, and I'm the best possible cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, petty, and if I don't get things in my way, I will like that! ", kind of person .... reminds me more about a 6 year old girl's attitude. I don't think it's even worth mentioning the expensive camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or how low-budget the movie was, that when Judd was hacking the 'locked' door, it was actually open before he reached for to unlock it from the other side !! This movie is absolutely ridiculous! If it were a spoof, it would have been successful ... just just though, but as a horror movie is was simply wrong !!! I can't even describe everything that went t! Ts up in this movie I would run out of space! Although it was fun watching Andrew kill raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth, while Tom Savini's character was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his field of view !! It was even more fun, as these two thought they could escape on a goddamn tractor, as we all know, you are the number one hated vehicle to be stuck behind, as God is so damn cursed! Then it is strange that they don't get away with it ?? And how many people do you know who can cut their wrists and then run for hours as if nothing ever happened! No pain, no weakening of blood loss, nothing! But the shameful part is when suddenly (and I mean it literally) it's a year later, and Molly still wanders the forest after escaping the nymphs and then see and see, Shaun Hutson picks her up ... of course not without a line to promote his books !! (yet he is one of my fav writers) but suddenly and with absolutely no hint of how and why ... she is evil herself and entices Hutson to his death, then we cut to the crazy guy from the beginning suddenly wandering around the forest with a gas tank, even after his 'dazzling' notion why no one would ever venture there for some reason ... cue nymphs stupidly relax each other for fun while Crazy throws gasoline everywhere. ... and here the movie ends .... finally! My conclusion .... if you hadn't already guessed now .... absolutely rubbish! There was no proper thought going into it whatsoever who wanted to shoot the camera had to shoot ... and think about it, it did 99% of the throw! If the right director, players and budget got behind this, it could have been decent. But once again low budget English horror movies, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry to shame !! (And I'm English so I have to say it)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first 15-20 minutes when we see it turning from night to day over a field type area. All I kept thinking about this was "Jesus Christ in heaven why oh, why did you allow anyone to do this, the testicles of his absolute cow!" But I can't turn off a movie after I start to see it unfortunately. I had to watch From Dusk To Dawn afterwards to remind me only that Tom Savini has it in him to do good! If there was an option for 0/10 then believe me I would have chosen it, cuz this movie is not even worth the one point I gave it! <br /> <br /> But it's just my opinion, see it and decide for yourself.
