This movie actually works from a pretty original idea - I've never seen nymphs thrown out of the sky in a horror movie before anyway. But the way it does this idea is not at least original; We follow a bunch of children who for some reason decide to go for a walk in the woods. That the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than just another forest filled with rednecks / notes / zombies etc. But really, the monsters are just a variation on the common scare in the forest theme. Many films of this ilk do not have a single good idea - and it seems that this one has worn out its brain cells with just one. The only real asset that the monsters bring to the table is that they are beautiful women whom the characters want, rather than being hideous grotesques that they will run away from. This is good until a point; But it quickly becomes boring, and the almost complete lack of any back story about the central monsters ensures that the movie never comes out of the category "horror trash". It has been years since the evil death made the woodlands an enchanting place and, despite films like The Blair Witch Project; It still makes an excellent horror setting. This is one of the great assets of the movie, as the forest gives a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned never seems to have much on its sleeve. The death sequences show a clear lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are cliché in the extreme does not help, as you are more likely to look forward to seeing them beaten instead of hoping they can get away. The cast is mainly made up of children, but there is a role here for Tom Savini; which unfortunately does not get fun in the special effects. The only real highlight the movie has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves. The naked ladies tend to look good, and if it wasn't for them, this movie would be very boring very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this movie to really; But if you want a fabulous little horror movie that sticks back to the style of the eighties with woodcuts, you might find a pleasure here.
