People tried to make me believe that the premise of this monstrous supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the last words spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name is currently dropping me). While waiting for his inquiry into the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to go on an infinite course of murder. It's not a very original idea to revolve a horror movie, by the way. Other low-budget turkeys implemented exactly the same basic premise as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". Anyway, "The First Power" (aa "Pentagram") is not a completely horrible effort, but the manuscript is all too cliché and lacks true excitement. The movie starts out as an okay, though the terrestrial serial killer flick, where obsessive policeman Lou Diamond Philips pursues a lunatic who carries out bloody pentagrams in his victims. He receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium played by the beautiful and underrated Tracy Griffith. She leads him to the killer, but also does not ask to do him, as it would result in an even greater disaster! Thanks to Tess's helpful greetings, Detective Logan quickly records the killer and celebrates his death penalty, but Patrick Channing made a covenant with Satan himself and returns to the rat streets of California to do some more killing. "The First Power" becomes rather bad when the killer reincarnates as a vengeance. Instead of using his newly created satanic powers to wipe out the whole world (that's what I wanted to do in his position), Channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his nemesis copper. He calls annoying him "Buddy-Boy" all the time and holds the organs of Logan's friends and colleagues to fool him. Although it is never really boring or poorly realized, it is a very weak film to endure, mostly because you constantly get the feeling of déjà-vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses all terrible clichés (the killer was sexually abused as a child) and even the player's lines can easily be predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that she is able to predict the future, you just know that somewhere at some point in the movie, she will say the ridiculously overused line "I tell people who should live their lives but my own life is a mess ". Yawn. The Lou Diamond Philips performance is sufficient enough, but it's pretty hard to take the youthful rebel of "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" seriously as a hard copper. There are also decent supporting roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and B-movie horror legend David Gale ("Re-Animator") appear in a minuscule como at the beginning of the movie .
