Madison is not that bad - if you like simplistic, non-offensive, "family-friendly" fare and more importantly if you absolutely don't know about unlimited hydroplane racing. If you like you grew up with the sport and your heroes had names like Musson, Muncey, Cantrell, Slovak, etc., prepare to be disappointed. Professional film critics have long commented on the film's formal character and its sense of utilizing any hackneyed sporting slap in the book. I don't have to repeat what they have said. What I felt was unfortunately missing was a sense of the true excitement of unlimited hydro driving in the "glory years" (which many would claim was already past in 1971). Yes, it was great to see the old classic boats roaring the course up to the forefront, although it was clear that the restored versions (hats for volunteers at the Hydroplane and Race Boat Museum) got sick through the scenes at reduced speed. But where was the sound? Much of the excitement of the old hydros was the thoughtless roar of six Allison or Rolls-Merlin aircraft engines, run to RPM, which was never imagined by their designers and hit the starting line right in front of you. You didn't hear it, you failed it. Real hydro buffs know exactly what I'm talking about. There's nothing in Madison. Instead, all racing pictures are buried under what will be a "heroic" musical score. <br /> <br /> And there are driver close-ups of the drivers who run smoothly and comfortably in the cockpit as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury limousines, in some cases taking time to smile evilly, considering how they best can counteract the poor hometown hero. Or in a particularly ridiculous shot, take the time to spot Jake Lloyd, who gives a "rocky" greeting from a bridge bridge. In fact, some unlimited drivers had flags to minimize the strokes they took when the boats slammed over the hard water at speeds above 150 km / h. As a reviewer, it looks so good: "The sport deserves better than this." Since another user brought anachronism, I add one: Seattle's establishing shot shows Kingdome and Safeco Field. Neither existed in 1971
