Terrible! Terrible! Terrible! No, I didn't like it. It was obvious what the purpose of the movie was: to track vertebrae and handle movers and shakers that produce a movie. In some cases, it is people who represent themselves other than what they are. I didn't need a movie to tell me how low some of the film industry people are. I suppose I'm guilty, really because I was expecting something like "Roman Holiday". <br /> <br /> I'm not a filmmaker or a filmmaker, but it seemed to me that the movie consisted of a series of "two shots" (in head) where the actors (!) had a loose plot. line and they should improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon claims that he, along with Victoria Foyt, actually wrote the manuscript, but the impression was that the actors, who were aware of the general direction of the film, expanded the dialogue - and that was not always successful. Such a case was when Ron Silver made some remarks that really didn't flow along the line of conversation (and I don't go back to look for it!) And Greta Scacchi broke in laughter even though they were having a serious conversation because Silver's remark was such a non-sequitur. You also get the impression that an actor intentionally tries to "wrong foot" the other actor and break his / her concentration. Another example of this is when a producer tells Silver to "bring & *% # @ # ^ documents" (3 times). Silver literally lost to words. I've seen another movie that looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation, and it was terrible too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (no stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggests that it was a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich had a "what-in-hell-I-do-here" looking at his face at any time, and I expected to hear him say, "Look, I'm an instructor and scriptwriter - not an actor" - which would have Needless to say! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, Liam. Aside from the shocked delivery of the dialogue, the hand camera was annoying even though it was for verisimilitude - as I suppose the "natural" dialogue was - and the interest of the protagonists was undermined to the interest of the various youths walking along the string trying to insinuate even in shots. That at least approached Cinema Verite. So, along with the annoying French song where I used the blunt button, made for a generally disappointing 90-week minute. I think we should avoid filming pharmacy like this. Trying to see the value of the movie where it has little credit to support a perceived transcendental level is misunderstood. There was really no avant-garde about it. It did not come across as a work of art, nor was it a documentary. I know it was a documentary, but the right test is whether it is entertaining. I was bored with my skull! It had a redeeming function: it pronounced 'Cannes' correctly so I gave it 3/10.
