"I don't understand. None of this has any meaning!" Exclaims a spoiled character at the end of Death Smiles at Murder. Having just sat through this thoroughly confusing mess in a movie, I know exactly how he feels. The story, of the film's director Aristide Massacessi (good old Joe D'amato, who uses his real name for a change), is a clumsy mix of supernatural, murder / mystery and pretentious arty waste that will probably appeal to those who admire trippy 70s waste like Jess Franco's more bizarre effort, but which made me struggle to stay conscious. <br /> <br /> Opening with a hunchback saddening his beautiful sister's death (with whom he had an incestuous affair before eventually losing her to a dashing doctor), Death Smiles at Murder soon becomes very confusing when the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin, who originates in the just odd 'Death Laid an Egg') is seen alive and kicking, the only survivor of a coach accident taking place outside Walter and Eva von Ravensbrücks property. After being invited to stay and rebuild in their home, she is inclined by the creepy Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski in a throwing role), comely loads the love affair with both Mr and Mrs Ravensbrück (which means viewers are treated to some short but welcome scenes by nookie and lesbian lovin '). "So far so good" I thought to myself at this time: "We've had bones, incest, some blood and bowel and gratuitous female nudity"? All ingredients in a big trashy Euro horror; However, it follows that Massacessi is doing a huge attempt to combine giallo-style killing, ghostly exits and even elements from Edgar Allan Poe's "The Black Cat" to tell a very stupid, completely confusing and ultimately extremely boring swelling story from beyond the grave. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to have quite a few admirers here at IMDb, but considering the choice I would much rather see one of the director's sleazier movies from later in his career; I guess incomprehensible, wobbly, surreal 70's gothic fright is just not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (exclusively for cheesy gore and nekkidness), rounded up to 3 for IMDb.
