According to IMDb Takashi Miike's Master of Horror segment, Imprint, was banned in the US. So I figured I'd translate the Swedish review I just wrote for it ... It was hard NOT to have any kind of expectations from Ichi The Killer director Takashi Miike's episode in the Masters of Horror series. And the DVD cover of Imprint proved very promising in the law. The story takes place mainly in a distant Japanese bordello, once in the 19th century, and it tells the story of a journalist searching for Komomo, the woman he left, and whom he promised to return to. Tired and rejected he arrives at bordello, hoping this will be the end of his very long journey. It turns out that one of the prostitutes, a deformed and quiet girl, at Komomo, and the desperate man makes her tell him where she is and what has happened to her since he left. The story she tells him is so regrettable that it's hard to swallow ... The first thing that struck me about the episode was how unnaturally it seemed that the Japanese were mostly speaking fluent Americans-English. But I want to leave it, it's not a big deal. What a big deal, but how miserable is the rest of it. Miike's story moves at such a slow pace that I couldn't help looking at my watch several times during the 63 minutes. The extended dry scene, which takes place somewhere in the middle of the film, felt so unmotivated - and pornographically intrusive - that not even that scene became interesting. I felt it was violent just for the sake of violence - no sense of style or purpose. The only scenes that evoked any kind of emotion out of me were images of bloody fetuses that rolled along the bottom of the fast-flowing water ... and in honesty were the only emotions they provoked, feelings of disgust. <br /> The journalist seeking the love he left is played by Billy Drago, for me most memorable as Frank Nitti - Al Capone's whiteclad assassin in Brian De Palmas The Untouchables (1987). I've always found Drago's portrayal of Nitti to be very icy (and I mean that in a good way), and that's probably why I was almost annoyed when I found him to be so horrible (not in a good way) in this one. His plays seem to flow between no emotion or empathy at all to show some really bad overactive. When his character responds to the horrible things that Komomo has been exposed to, I sat on the couch, twisted, and turned in an attempt to escape the horrific drama that Drago performed. I'm grateful that most of the story is told by Yuoki Kudoh (Memoirs of a Geisha, 2005) who plays the deformed prostitute. The final is probably expected to be chocking, maybe even rebellious and horrible, but I just found it to be sweet ... you know ... "blah" (and I looked at my watch again, for the uptime time just wanted, that the crappy episode would end). Maybe the final made me smile a little, but it was only because I couldn't help thinking of an episode of Red Dwarf, and Craig Charles and Danny John-Jules upward chin, with eyes glued to them to make you look like aliens ... Fortunately, if you've seen the episode and now decide to see Imprint, I'll forever destroy the visuals for the end for you. <br /> <br /> My first thought, when the term finally ended, was the only thing that made the pain of seeing it worth, heard the main theme of Edward Shearmur (the same music I think is used in every episode of this series) and that - if anything - is a big friggin warning, don't you think? <br /> <br /> One can point to costume design, by Michiko Kitamura, and say that at least something is NOT missing in style and sophistication ... but there are so many other movies and TV shows that is so much better to show the Japanese "geisha mode". This is nothing but worse and I am disappointed. Takashi Miike's Masters of Horror episode is boring, uninspiring and meaningless. In other words; It's really, really bad!
