In fact, the concept of "Masters of Horror" had something to do. Big-time horror directors who are now left by the side of the industry got a chance to turn horror again, I was all for it from the start. That was until I saw some episodes ... Oh, it's really bad TV. Not only do the directors seem to have very small budgets to correct their sketches, but there also seem to be guidelines, such as. HD recording. To make a long story short, it is bad both for artistic reasons and for economic reasons. I can't help comparing with "Tales From The Crypt" and M.o.H. episodes really do not stand in comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is poor; According to me here are a few keys to explain it: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode). I think it allowed thicker screens, with good ideas repeated most often, better overview of an episode, less chance of letting the plot be confusing or boring. The duration could also have been the reason why the budget was better spent on the TFTC: The directors should have REAL film music composers (composers at MOH if existing, very bad), REAL actors (while at MOH it is only unknown actor after unknown actor!) REAL instructors of photography and it can sometimes help REAL movie cameras (while the MOH is recorded on HD cameras with very wrongly selected lens pieces), resulting in the episodes of the TFTC so and felt "cinematographic" in the sense that There were real actors ranging from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth to Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but there were also film composers behind it, by Alan Silvestri's reach, great movie directors such as Dean Cundey, high-end scriptwriters, and in that sense each "Speech" was a small movie of its own true nature. Compared to the TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is quite a lame access to television horror. It is very difficult to look at it if your standards of filmography are slightly above average because it looks like it's something ugly TV serial, if not worse. It gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast within the first 10 minutes usually. The actors are never heard before wannabes (with the exception of Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even they are the only famous actors of their episodes). MoH's executive base was good at first but it gets worst and worst with every episode: now, if even the directors are unfamiliar to the world, what's going on? Nothing! And it's funny how they start having complete unknown directors while they haven't even said, says Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... If even "Masters of Horror" can't bring dead directors back to life, who will? Perhaps a repetition of Tales from the Crypt will.
