There seems to be an overwhelming response to this movie, but no one has the insight into criticizing its method, which is extremely flawed. It simply continues to propagate journalistic style analysis, which is why it plays out the public's lack of knowledge and prejudice to induce an emotional decry and outbreak of negative diatribe. Journalism 101: Tell the seer some circumstances only to predispose them to draw conclusions that are predictable. the idea of ​​civil war, chaos, looting, etc., were all suspected unexpected reactions to the collapse of public infrastructure after Hussein's death: were these not all symptomatic of an already devastating culture? Doctrinal infighting as symptomatic of these veins in Islam itself, rather than a failure in the police force to detain and secure? Would they rather USA have declared marshall law? I'm sure the papers here would have exploded with accusations from a police state and fascist force. <br /> <br /> apart from the analytic idioci of the movie, it takes a few sidelines and leaves the rest to claim "occasionally refused to be interviewed ..." but the questions they would have asked are undoubtedly already answered by the hundred inquisitions that these people have already received. As a Vice President, would you like to be interviewed by a first-time author / producer who was certainly already amped to twist your words. they could not roll tape from Condi to actually show their opinion and answer some of the logistics of the question. Maybe they never saw the hearing. <br /> <br /> This is far from a neutral glimpse of the situation on earth there. This is another prestigious, Asian approach from journalists - which are largely incredible crews. <br /> <br /> Anyone wishing to comment on war should at least have based their ideas on things that are a little more reliable than NBC coverage and CNN comment. These interpretations taste the same vitriol, which simply creates an additional bipartisanism by those who want to think and those who want to be told by the media what to think.
