I first heard about Unisol 2 when I drove past a movie theater when I was on vacation in America. I really didn't notice much before I bought the original on DVD, which made me find out about its three successors. I then began to read about The Return at IMDB and asked friends what they believed in it. Despite their horrible criticism of it, I still went out of the way to see it and was just about to buy it until I saw it for rent on DVD. I don't expect much, but thought it would have been half decent to get a theater release in the US. How often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for this. It's so bad I almost cried. What a total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain how bad this movement is. Frankly speaking. This is idiotic film making. No, it's more than idiotic. I just can't believe how it was done. I can't believe anyone out there didn't murder Mic Rogers. How stupid people might be - first, Van Damme actually thinks the script and finished movie were good. Second, Xander Berkley, Terminator 2 and Air Force One committed themselves to this movie. I simply can't believe the stupidity of this movie. It takes itself so seriously, but comes across the audience as a spoof. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is now a human being again) - "I want my father", SETH- "Then I do". Oh yes, and a guy tries to close SETH by pulling three big levers - wait for it - ON and OFF written on them. The play throughout the round is like playschool acting. I am sure Mr Director modeled Luc's reporter boyfriend on April O'Neil from the cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to go because she "... needs her story". I mean to move on - how many cliches can a movie possibly use? Please listen to my colleagues IMDB users - do not touch this with a barge. In conclusion, Universal Soldier: The Return has no relation at all to the first movie. In fact, if they were not called UniSols then you would never know it was a successor. Luc is now a human being again - what the hell!?! The only place where he can access the internet is in a strip club. All the new Uni Sols look as if they were pulled out of the street, they are so convincing. This is pure torture to see, so do yourself a favor - not torture yourself. P.S - Best part of the movie: Romeo jumps out of a building and shouts 'Oh sh * t'.
