The infamous Ed Wood "classic" outer space 9 has an indignant alien who calls humanity, "... stupid! Stupid, stupid stupid!" I have to say that exhibition A in that experiment probably wanted this movie, a ridiculously silly sci-fi movie. Falling action star Jean Claude Van Damme returns to a hit role for him from the original movie Luke, a former universal soldier, now working to make really good universal soldiers. While Van Damme was too big to play the role of the first two successors, he was too small to do much of anything else when the fourth movie in the Universal Soldier series came around. So presumably cursing under his breath all the way, he kicks and grunts and scowls through ninety minutes of explosions and karate kicks. You will find lots of mindless violence, but I would advise you to get a coat check for your brain at the door as you begin to see this thing. Otherwise, you are responsible for forgetting where you left it when it is over. <br /> <br /> Luke is urged to act against several universal soldiers following a really really evil computer named Seth (making HAL look like Ghandi) turning all other universal soldiers into evil, relentless killers. Of course, that's what these things are programmed to do, but in this case they kill their creators, not the "enemy," so it's a problem. <br /> <br /> I love the stupid logic of this movie. Logic that believes that a supercomputer would create a body for itself that looks ashamed as Michael Jai White does to be in this movie. Logic that dictates that the creator of Seth is a blue-haired cyber-stereotype geek spitting clichés more regularly than Old Faithful makes steam. Logic, which has a climatic karat match, has two characters that kick each other, although ten separate panes of crushing glass within three minutes of the screen. <br /> <br /> The movie also has a daughter in danger character, wrestler Bill Goldberg as a wrestler disguised as a universal soldier, and a romance, then tacked on, I think the authors believed that coping with romance was actually a good thing. And when this movie ends, it ends. Not a moment after a giant towering final explosion runs the credits. No epilogue, no where are they now, no last kiss, just explosion, hug, over. Even the creators want to get out of this thing as soon as possible. <br /> <br /> Although not Plan 9, US: TR is a silly little trifle of an action movie that would be fun partying full of rowdy Van Damme fans who enjoy watching their hero when really new depths. Not to be seen on a serious stomach.
