We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his panty Asian friend being chased down a river of what seems to be universal soldiers. They almost killed the two, so oh wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux we will find is now part of a state-funded company that designs the new level of universal soldiers. Why would he be involved in this (if you know anything about the original) never explained and far beyond me. It is after this slender set that the real story begins. The US government has cut the universal soldier project budget and in anger anger SETH (the big artificial mainframe computer that controls the universal soldiers). Of course he will not be closed without a fight. So that means Van Damme has to go and take out the whole new race of universal soldiers. It sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a sequel to a sequel, but it doesn't prevent it from being stupid as hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Soldiers is played by Bill Goldberg. Seems you can't go wrong with throwing a wrestler in an action movie. He's big, he's tough, isn't he? Wrong. Van Damme doesn't seem to have a problem wiping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here lost me. Then there are broken glass. A rudimentary part of any action movie, but someone involved must have a glass birth. You have to watch the battle scenes in particular. Let's not talk about how nobody cuts himself or at least slips. So to put cherries on top of this train wreck, the SETH (computer) has ensured a human body for itself and how appropriate it is when they do the black cat (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black bad guy, it works. Potentially offensive and downright lame. He is also not a substitute for Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a miserable sequel. It's loud, it's stupid and it doesn't care. The original was nothing poetic, but it made a simple sense of a science fiction element, and it was entertained at a basic level. The successor does not. However, they last longer than ninety minutes and somehow found a way to squeeze in a strip club sequence. Then give credit where credit is due.
