OK I watched this movie to get a benchmark too bad, but with this movie it is Unisol's best movie now plot Luc Devereux is now a technical expert who works with the government with his partner Maggie, who has been through countless hours of training and struggle With him, refining and perfecting the UniSol program in an effort to create a new, stronger race of soldier who is more sophisticated, intelligent and flexible. All of the new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected via an artificial intelligent computer system called SETH, a self-developing mindset. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier program is scheduled to be shut down due to budget cuts, he takes matters into his own "hands" to protect himself. Killed those trying to shut down their power and release their soldier of super-soldiers, led by the muscular Romeo, SETH spare parts Deveraux, just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to disable a built-in program that will shut down SETH within a few hours. Using a hacker named octopus, SETH takes human form. Not only will Luc be against ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but Luc must also contend with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH has also kidnapped Luc wounded 13-year-old daughter Hillary and is now holding hostage. Luc is the only one who can save Hillary because Luc at first hand how a UniSol thinks, feels and fights. now there are problems as in a movie as it was some wonder how a reporter just happened to be, and the soldiers can be flat with a truck, but when Vanne Damme shoots them with a gun with a ball and they die and the final Battle scene was incredible when Luc is now human and Seth is 5x stronger and faster than any other Unisol, and Luc can take a blow from him. With the final fight, when Luc breaks him, I was really surprised that the pieces didn't melt and reform him (Terminator 2). Another thing that bugs me is how in hell does Vanne Damme get good actors to play relatives, I mean in the case of Vanne Damme, it's completely out of the grid of how Science Fiction this movie is. The music track to be mentioned, you have ever listened to a song where you would rather cut the board with a knife, and Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The good points are that there is no Dolph (HOORAY), and unlike the first there is only a nude scene, while in the 1st there are many (I am still haunted by the scenes in # 1) also the actors here have some talent whereas in the first one was casting guys sadists (if you don't think I'm looking it up)
