The mind boggles on what Universal Soldier deserves a successor. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, could not reproduce his role from the original, there is already little reason to indulge in this obvious tax write-off. Bold attempts are made to fill the gap with professional breaks Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. For their credit, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg seems to have his time on this movie, and he does a fair job by filling in the necessary comic scrub. For once, his role is the kind of repeating the same line a couple of times and it doesn't get annoying. The problem from the public's point of view is that none of these gentlemen really have a sense of comic timing or less humility that makes Lundgren a pleasure to look at almost all his films. And there lies the problem. You're not going to watch a Van Damme movie because you want a serious action. You go because you want comedy, but inadvertently. <br /> <br /> Unknown to many people, Universal Soldier was followed by two direct-to-video sequences. I've only seen the first one who had production values ​​so bad, you can only wonder if it was supposed to be a kind of elaborate joke. Matt Battaglia was so horrible in Luc Deveraux's role that once in his career, the sight of Jean-Claude Van Damme comes as a welcome relief. The movie completely or completely ignores the stories from the aforementioned direct-to-video sequels, and instead begins a whole new story that is indefinite after the events of the original. After years of investigation and explanation, the Unisol project continues with some minor changes. For one, the new Unisol's are stronger and more harmful resistant than their previous cousins. For another, all Unisols are now headed by a supercomputer called SETH. In the early parts of the film, SETH is primarily found as a series of abstract graphics within a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Being that the movie hardly lasts more than 80 minutes, we are quickly told that funds for the military are being cut. The Unisol project is located on the block, which essentially means that SETH will be switched off. SETH, somehow overhearing this conversation through means never really explained, decides to mobilize Unisol as an army against those seeking to shut him down. His only problem is that so often there is a code to be inserted into his system to prevent automatic shutdown. Two people have that code. SETH kills the first in short order, and those familiar with the plot package that Van Damme's films are made of will guess within five seconds who the other happens to be. The rest of the film is about Unisol's attempt to get the code out of Van Damme without harming him too badly. A partial plot with a daughter and a reporter is woven into the movie, but it adds so much to the story that Van Damme does to perform. <br /> <br /> The film is added to the chest with ridiculous lines and clichés. When SETH transplantes his command module into Michael Jai White's body, we get a talk about how time for humans is over. He continues to tell his foot soldiers how fear and mortality will be humanity's weakness (s). Gee, SETH, do you mean they won't be our strong points? All kidding aside, the film's short length is both the film's weakness and its strength. It leaves the action without proper setup. In the original we get a very thorough explanation of the Unisoles, how they work and how they are brought to the state, seen in the majority of the film. Here the author seems to take it for granted that the viewer knows what a Unisol is and how they work. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and wonder was created by leaving the explanation later in the movie when the hero is in an ice bath. Here is one of the bad guys shot with a gun that leaves massive holes in his uniform (and presumably his body), rising every time without stopping for breath. <br /> <br /> I tend to book a movie that is so bad that they are entertaining in an unintentional way. If you can see it on the cheap, knock yourself out. This is the kind of movie that causes me to lose the Mystery Science Theater.
