In his depiction of a miserable Milanese subclass, this film was probably quite obvious in its time. But I get the feeling that neo-realism was never really director De Sica's bag, since here he decided to try to create some kind of modern template centered around a boy who had been found in a cabbage patch of an old loved one in the country. After spending most of her childhood in an orphanage, Toto stops living in a shantytown in Milan. He organizes the inhabitants of social actions and keeps their spirits up by swimming around with an annoying constant smile on his face and testing them at their times. That no one tells him where to keep his times tables is beyond me, as these people have far more important things to think about, like where the next Pot Noodle comes from. Yet, De Sica uses a sublime, subtle dramatic device to emphasize exactly why these bad suits are where they are. It is, of course, all the way down to capitalism, and to illustrate this he has discovered a oil burn on their land. Brilliant! To his credit, however, he has at present given up on a serious film, and the capitalists look like serious caricatures, all fur coats and cigars. They want that country, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. At a bizarre happiness, his old deceased guardian from the cabbage plastic day appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove. He uses it to burn gifts to his fellow comrades, who are as greedy as the cigar men. I expect this movie was a missed opportunity. To address the theme of poverty, which not many filmmakers had done until then, and then caught up in an adventure, I think a little daring. How come 'great' directors away with childlike plot, like the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have bent on the idea of ​​getting the poor crowds flying over the Milan Duomo and on to a higher place on dietary tips. De Sica is however proclaimed as a genius for this. The fact that these people are so poor that their faith is illegal and that miracles never happen to them is enough for any storyteller to work on. <br /> <br />
