When I was 16 I saw the documentary: "A fun thing happened on the way to the moon". I really liked and believed in it for a few years. But then I grew up and began to think, and when I had sought more information. These are: more info from reel sources and non-biased sources. When I started college, not so long ago, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: He said all these theories lie. It confused me, I didn't believe it at first, but then he provided evidence of his claims. He quickly debunked most theories on the subject: "People did not go to the moon". The most eerie claim was that the Apollo craft could not travel through the Van-Allen radiation belt without the crew dying from radiation. The truth is, the Americans are using a secret aluminum anti-radiation alloy. It is not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should they reveal it again then? If they were in a space race with the Russians, it would be very silly to reveal that they had new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> And then there's the greatest evidence for all: The Moonstones. When the Apollo missions went to the moon, the many stones from the moon returned to geologists and similar scientists documenting everything about the moon. These stones and stones are actually from the moon. Because: The internal elements that all matter consists of are also made from special isotopes that differ from quarries, land to earth, and especially the planet from the planet. The isotopes of these stones and stones have been proven not to come from the ground. The astronauts brought HUNDREDS of Kilograms of these cliffs, all of them proved to have come from the outside and from the same planet. Bottom line: The moon landings where not fake. NASA went to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite to a planet, a moon (duuh). These stones have been distributed to laboratories and universities worldwide. It has been proved: People went to the moon - this is a fact, pronto. But I am not worried: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, for the most part they are not knowing or bullying about these facts. The fact is: People went on the moon.
