From the uninspiring title to the flattering performances, Curdled is largely an unremarkable movie throughout. The movie has got some fans knowing that Quentin Tarantino's name is attached to it, and it silly and out of place nods to Rodriguez / Tarantino's girl 'From Dusk to Dawn'. However, these things do not make a good movie, and it is more than clear all the way through 'Curdled'. The film suffers from an overly obvious lack of ideas, and it tries to cover this with murders that must be stylish and events that must disturb. The Mexican music score that accompanies many of the sequences in the movie is, of course, supposed to be cool, but it gets annoying very quickly; Especially, aside from the fact that the protagonist is Mexican, it does not fit with the tone of the movie. The movie's plot is typically offbeat, and it follows a gorehound that, due to her obsession with grisly murder, takes a job at a company that cleans up murder scenes. It sounds boring and it is. William Baldwin is the only 'name' on the cast list, and he doesn't even give an impression. He hasn't got anything to do in the movie and apart from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look threatening, he's pretty wasted. Angela Jones, or rather the taxi driver from Pulp Fiction, takes the lead as the murderous young woman, and it is always clear that it is her involvement with Pulp Fiction that won her this role, not her skill. She may have been good enough in her small role in Tarantino's masterpiece, but she does not have the talent to lead a movie alone. She looks lost and out of place for the majority of the movie and if it wasn't for her latino accent; She would not convince the public that she was a stranger at any level. Curdled is a hundred percent proof piece of forgettable trash can. Films like this often win their praise for the invention or black comic antics; but this fails at all levels. Whether you're a Tarantino fan, William Baldwin fan, horror fan or just a movie buff; This is one to miss.
