This is possibly the most backslash 80's slasher ever realized, but how can you be tough on a movie that includes non-stop pictures of dozens of beautiful ladies with exciting bodies doing aerobic exercises, taking showers and wandering around in tight gym bags? Prior to being a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90 minute promo video to promote the use of steroids, silicones and other body-stimulating fitness products. If you want to leave all the images of hunky boys lifting weights and yummy girls wiggling their bows and racks for unacceptable 80s tunes, there are probably only about. 15 minute history left. Plenty of time to improvise a plot of a sadistic killer who strikes young health freaks with a big safety pin (yes?). The movie opens with an unintentional fun scene by a girl who is fried between an electric sunbathing unit. Several years later, people are dying in the same spa. You don't really have to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket researcher to find out that there is a connection between the murders and the burning event, now you do it? Investigation of the case is a seemingly braindead police officer (and Charles Napier look-alike!) And a beefcake private detective who gets lucky with the bustiest 80's beauty I've ever seen! Looking through the credits, her name is apparently Dianne Copeland, and she did nothing but this turkey and an imbecile Troma movie called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a waste of opportunity! She may not have been a great actress, but she probably had two other great benefits that would help her move up the show business. The amount of gore and the quality of the make-up effects is nothing special either. We are treated with a few bizarre stabbings with a pin and some grilled human meat. The plot connections near the end are ridiculous and predictable, but at that time no movie takes seriously any more, anyway. "Aerobicide" (eg "Killer Workout") is recommended if you want to turn off all your brain functions for one night, but still want to watch a movie! It would actually make a fantastic double function with "Death Spa". Both movies have many sexy and hardly dressed babes ?? and both films are pretty stupid.
