My wife and I just finished this movie and I came on IMDb to commiserate with the reviewers who found this movie less than satisfactory. But of the 10 pages of reviews, only a handful of negatives. I feel this movie is a good concept that has gone horribly wrong and I will warn those who are looking to see the movie into the future. I admit I'm more inspired to write reviews when I don't like a movie than when I do, so my handful of reviews are all negative. Still, it doesn't mean I'm biased toward not enjoying a movie, but I often find more eloquent reviews of movies I enjoy. Paris you t'aime is the most pretentious movie I've seen this year. Using an "intelligent" concept and attaching some great talent to a couple of ways to many short stories, the movie ends the worst of all worlds. It is art for the sake of art, but something that a 2-year-old could dream of and perform. Giving the instructor a free government period of 5 minutes of screen time shows why there is a division of labor even during entertainment. Directors cannot write, authors cannot directly. (I also want to throw in that Clint Eastwood is overstated, but that's because he's an actor who is director (which rarely works either)). What ends up on the screen is a distorted mess of short stories that don't make sense, are not completed in 5 minutes and altogether spoil Paris for me. Why does it call Paris you t'aime when a more apropos title is cluster f * ck? There are only a few stories that can be seen, especially the piece by Alfonso Cuarón, but everything else will fall into obscurity. The Coen brothers short is acceptable, but can you mention a movie of theirs that does not include a scene with a pick guitar? It's as if all the directors decided to do what they wanted to do and chose Paris as the place to do it. As we all love Paris, the current company is included, we are blind by the fact that this movie SUCKS. In fact, I think they put the names of the directors on each shorts because directors saw how poor a movie this is and decided to make sure they were blamed for their 5 minutes. Seriously. SERIOUSLY. <br /> <br /> People, Natalie Portman are NOT a good actress. She is not a little dream girl waiting to be yours. And Maggie Gyllenhaal, why?!? Are you people who appear or just disturb performances from other movies? I'm looking at you Natalie Portman (Garden State, Closer), Elijah Wood (Sin City) and Catalina Sandino Moreno (Maria Full of Grace). A final comment on the play: I give double to Kudos to Nick Nolte to act and look more humane than you have for years or maybe will ever again. Find his short on youtube as his 5 minutes is very fun. <br /> <br /> Writing short stories is very difficult and only a handful of writers have got it right. I am thinking of Ernst Hemingway, Raymond Carver, F. Scott Fitzgerald and John Cheever, just to name a few. It is much harder than writing a full novel, and only the truly talented can achieve this. The same can be said for short films. It seems that only one director will live in the annals of history. <br /> <br /> If you maintain Paris as a gem to be discovered and reflected through your own lenses with your own story, don't expect to enjoy this movie at all. The executives also didn't care or were lazy. In both scenarios, this means that you rented it when reading this. Ross being that you didn't pay 10 dollars in the head of the theaters for it.
