On the surface, this film seems to deal with the psychological process called individuation, that is, becoming a true self by embracing the so-called "dark" side of human nature. Thus, we have Darkling, a classic shady devilish creature who desperately seeks the company (ie recognition) of men, and the story is about the different ways in which this need is handled, more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> But if we dig a little deeper, we find that what this movie actually is about is how to relate to your car as you would any other person: - in the opening scene character ( man car mechanic dropped from grace) gathers bits and pieces from car wreck with his daughter when a car wreck almost smashes the little girl. Lesson # 1: Cars are people who are designed with immortal souls, and stealing from car wrecks is identical to digging robbery. The wicked have disturbed the dead and are to be punished. - Right after that, another sign (Rubin) buys a car wreck intended to repair it and sell it as a lost-now-found famous racing car and warned by the seller. Lesson # 2: Like any other person, a car has a unique identity that cannot be changed or replaced. In addition, there is a twist that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would just think of as unwanted, but ultimately this quality proves to be a projection of Rubin's own personal greed for more profit. Lesson 3: Never treat your car as a means alone, but always as a goal in itself. - then we have the scene where the protagonist is introduced to Rubin and more importantly Rubin's car: The main character's assessment of the car's qualities is not only based on its external appearance, but also with a thorough appearance inside the engine room. Lesson 4: A car is not just being judged by its appearance, that's what's inside that really counts. There are penalties for storage for those who do not keep this lesson in mind as we look at the scene where another man is trying to sell Rubin to a fake collector's car. This scene along the way also emphasizes the importance of lesson # 3. <br /> There are many other examples in the movie of the 'car = person' theme, and I'm too tired now to bother with quoting them all, but the point remains (and I think that's what I'm really trying to say) that this movie is fun to see if you absolutely have nothing else to do - or if you're a car devotee.
