Near the Baby Mama's final stages, one of the key signs continues to describe the basic disposition of everything that came before and summarizes that it was 'just a mess'; I really couldn't say better than that. And while the feature has its odd beam of hope, most of what is present is neutralized to be considered relevant and too inappropriate to be worthy of everyone's time. A sharply cast, everyday script and vague cartoons ensure that Baby Mama certainly doesn't tax on ol 'noggin, but it never makes it up to it through its proposed sense of humor. It consists mainly of very routine cliché jokes based on a strange couple (rich and poor) trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring a baby into the world. The film is far too esoteric to deliver laughs outside its very thin demographic. <br /> <br /> As a story of finding love, it is not that bad, but playing this plot line as a side story of a kind to work with the comedy-oriented odd pair of tangents, the characterization is particularly weak, resulting in a lukewarm romance that never bubbles. As characters themselves, both key figures are mildly fun when they gather in small spaces, but when they are left alone, they rage and empty their emptiness; so even though we may eventually find the character's interactions with each other entertaining at times, comedy will never branch away we do not feel the characters and find them not intrinsically interesting but rather their dynamics. Unfortunately, although this dynamic works best, or at least better than the individual personas, as mentioned above, it rarely comes from the typical boundaries of the odd formula. Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful businesswoman who has employed working class, dumblond Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her unlikely surrogate, and after Angie decides to leave the hopeless man Carl (Dax Shepard), both must eventually learn to live together despite their obvious differences. Yes, it is the typical odd parity, and one that we have already seen in this year's what is happening in Vegas, yet, what the babymama lacks, the aforementioned film had is both chemistry between artists and half-layered characters. Kate and Angie both never fail to show much of a personality beyond their two-dimensional disposition and as such both artists are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to produce out of thin air. In fact, the film's only real engaging performance and character comes from Romany Malco's underutilized talents who get lumbered with playing a doorman. Of the few times that I laughed at Baby Mama, most of these moments were because of this man, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. It is rarely even to find a movie that sheds light on the script's themes in the way the world is shot and presented to us through the camera, yet director Michael McCullers goes from side to side effectively enough. But for a movie about babies, multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is class-A, hammy, plastic-tinsel-town with main drills topped with sugar. So I felt not only emotionally distant to the signs because of their two-dimensional character, but I just didn't care about the world they inhabited. The dialogue with sets, costumes and the general themes of the manuscript is painted in pastel blue and pinks so much that all nuances of humanity are lost in the director's incessant need to make his movie feel like a neutered fantasy; these are not signs and it's not our world in any way ?? so why should i take care? At the end of the day, however, the ultimate goal of success or failure of a romantic comedy comes exclusively to its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its laughs; Baby Mama has suffered in some of these departments. Of course, the movie is without any value at all would be unfair. I'm sure female audiences in a similar boat like lead character, Kate can get a little kick out of the case, but everyone else will just feel numb and probably bored. In this regard, Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never convinces to be something remarkable or worthy to look at anyone outside her immediate audience; a comedian dud and a romantic mismatch, baby mama is too easy to be interesting and too low to be entertaining. <br /> <br /> - A Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
