I have begun to believe that there is a conspiracy, okay: one that involves a swamp of money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that movie , despite its obscurity, will reach a higher status through a rating point that will feel it with a "universal recognition" or something in this field, thus ensuring that unsuspecting folk (like me) will enter theaters or rent the bloody thing and expect a surprise only to find myself driving in the bathroom to opchuck. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It has certainly caused me to bypass every single post I come across, because it is quite clear that two things might have happened: nor did I get the message so hidden under the inner realities of this movie that It is impossible to access, or they and I looked at two completely different films that happen to share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. It is no wonder that it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "cheat table" and that, despite the assessment it received at Metacritic, no one had heard of it. It is terrible with sugar on top. <br /> <br /> First, there is the ever-present number four from start to finish. While there is a little symbolism here and there is okay and it has been done with varying degrees of success in many well-known films, this movie is panting with it. Four dogs at the start of the movie, looking at the camera in a hitherto empty street when suddenly the machine falls on the foreground and continues to tear open the asphalt. Four people in a bar, even though one of them is a non-unit. Three of them are separated from each other, but are nevertheless connected, not only to each other but to their lives. Though this concept may work, the film flings so much - especially with the story of the wild model played by Marina Vovchenko, who enters the extremely bizarre area, and not in a good way - that the original theme is lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said before, I just "didn't get it." The problem is also that so much time is spent on Marina's history (which is about her sister's death, from bread-chewing, no less and the subsequent screaming grief that follows) that any interest in the inherent surrealism disappears without a trace . So what if the same horrible stories the three strangers confused in a bar seem to have their own truth? The director does not invest much time in really tying them together or weaving a tighter story that, in a David Lynchian way, can cross either with the past or within alternative dimensions or even as a fair, everyday science fiction story. This is an upward struggle against an insurmountable wall, which only a saint (or anyone in the weird for strange sake) could endure.
