I watched the movie at the Belgrade Film Festival last week and I still work away from trauma. In essence, my vision seems to fit a number of others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, entertaining and promising. Well acted as well. Natural. My problem, however, is not just that the last one and a half hours of the film has nothing to do with the cozy beginning, or the fact that I spent most of this time with cramps in sharp lattice sounds and quarrel on drunk, toothless, bread-chewing hags. It is rather with the fact that they NEVER WARN ME !!! The festival brochure synopsis only described the (totally exciting sounding) first half hour - a whore, piano tuner and meat selling chat in a bar, pretending to be an advertising broker, genetic engineer and petty government officials respectively - does not mention the infinite rubber smacking at all at all come. Serving me right because I don't read the reviews, you can say - but in my defense a number of reviews I looked at post-fact um did not at all emphasize the immense and complete unbearability of the bulk of the movie. /> <br /> The first hint should have been the introductory word of the director (a bashful, tousle-haired Russian youth) who stepped in front of the stuffed auditorium (the movie seems to be incredibly critical and tickets were sold out well in advance for the screening, although most of the audience seemed to be ignorant when I was of the pain that was to come, judging by the abundance of creepy groans and groans who completely permeated the theater during the last half hour , and many enchanted comments at the end) to say the following: "Well, I ... um, thanks for coming to see this movie and I just wanted to say ... Well, this is a very long movie ... It took me four years to do it, and ... it's .. I suggest you see it and try to forget it right away. It's very long. Thank you for coming. " This is what he said. Alarm bells should have ringed. "What is he talking about?" I thought in happy confusion. "It'll be fun!" The only thing I could do is shift in increasing pain until the lights come back, and finally I can't say I feel any improvement in the experience, yes, I absolutely loved the first one It was intelligent, new and had a lot to say, and yes, Russia is probably in a bad state, yes, every community has many hidden faces, yes, the malignant life in barren wilderness is probably unthinkable. "I get all this. I really do. But I see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonizingly drawn and so painful to wear. , fantastic and hourly muddy rags ka sucks, try the Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It is artistic and surprising, but also to-point and fun.
