Who could have wanted a successor to Bert I. Gordon's legendary bad waste game "God's Food"? Nobody of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea anyway, and he put together a delayed sequel that stands as one of the most redundant movies in horror history. "Gnaw" is a sequel only in name, as the setting moved to a typical late 80's location (a university campus) and also the cheap & cheesy gore effects perfectly illustrate the 80s. This script is linked to clichés, terribly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a goody two-shoe scientist who performs growing experiments on common rodents to make a fellow scientist an advantage. Because of some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, the big and ravens avoid rats and devour virtually everyone on campus. Following the good old tradition that Spielberg's "Jaws" started, there is an unpleasant dean who refuses to admit the problem, although severely mutilated bodies are on the road everywhere. Under a hysterical grotesque climax, the rats invade the opening ceremony at the campus' new sports complex! "Gnaw: The Gods 2's Food" is terribly bad and therefore very fun to watch! The characters do and say unthinkable stupid things (as downwards in the sewers unarmed while they KNOW it is infected with rats), the play is terrible and there is a really bizarre sequence involving the hero who has sex under the influence of growth serum! I wonder what Freud's theory would be about it! There is a satisfactory amount of gore and sleaze and ?? it must be said ?? The music is surprisingly atmospheric. If you just can't get enough of this junk, there are a lot of creature features that rotate on mutated rats, like the Italian schlock movie "Rats: Night of Terror", the modest 70's cult movie "Willard" and its Lame sequel "Ben ", 2003" Willard "remake starring Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good recent rat films of once famous directors Tibor Ticaks (" Rats ") and John Lafia (" The Rats "). Go crazy!
