MARK ON THE WHEEL is one of those films with a back-stage story that is more interesting than the movie itself. This was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his learning year and his first two-reel. Here he played one of his last unruly scoundrels (although the long length of TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE had not yet come), and it also marked one of the last times he would work for a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost got him fired from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin was not with his former directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography, which was to take direction from a simple "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the film. Chaplin was still new to Keystone, and his colleagues didn't know what to do about him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was shooting Chaplin when he learned that the beginner's movie was about to hit, and exhibitors wanted more of them ASAP, so Chaplin was promised the chance to head in return to complete this movie that Mabel wanted it to . br /> Unfortunately, none of the drama is visible on the screen of MABEL AT WHEEL, which resembles typical Keystone chaos. The story relates to an auto race where Mabel's beau (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to compete, but evil Charlie and his henchmen remove the boy, and Mabel must take the wheel in place. For all the races around, brick throws and thimbles film is honestly laughing, but there are some points of interest. There is good movie and editing in the running sequence, although there are no gags, just lots of hectic activity. Chaplin looks at himself strangely and cultivates a goat-like beard on the chin and wears the top hat and fringe jacket he had in his very first film appearance, MAKING A LIVING, but antiquity fits the old-fashioned villain he shows all the way. At least it is novel to see him play such an uncharacteristic role. Visible in the stands on the racetrack are such Keystone stalwarts as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strange dandified get-up and a more distinctive Mack Sennett, spit tobacco and make his usual mindless rube routine. As a performer, Sennett was as subtle as the films he produced, but you have to give the guy credit: he knew what people liked. These movies were very popular at their time. Mack's performance doesn't add much to MABEL AT WHEEL, but he probably had to be present to film this to make sure his stars didn't kill each other.
