Having reviewed the huge amount of comments on this movie, it is clear that there are two kinds of science fiction movie goers. There are those who are well-read, extremely reading and intelligent. They know the history of the genres and, more importantly, they know which heights it can reach in a gifted writer's hands. For many years, science fiction is beautiful in the basement of literature. Considered my most critic for being a little more than stories of jet guns and foreigners intended for pre-pubescent teenagers. Today's well-known fan knows this story well and knows the great writers Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison who helped bring science fiction out of the basement. In this way, they created thoughtful, intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed fans are critical of everything Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical for their own sake, but look at each offer with a skeptical eye. (As they should as Hollywood's record has been less than stellar.) For those fans, history has to be of great importance. They can't be fooled by flashy computer graphics and non-stop action sequences. When the Emperor has no clothes, they cry out loud. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction movie goer has little knowledge of the written aspect of the genre. (Look at many of the above comments that say "I haven't read this book or any of this author ...) Their overall science fiction exposure is from the movie or the Scifi channel. They are extremely uncritical, willing to overlook Great plot holes, weak premises and thin story lines if they get a healthy dose of wiz bang action and awesome special effects.They are actually willing to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had them!) during the movie In case of being based on Asimov's short stories and named after one of his novels, it contains a bit of what Asimov wrote and even less what he was trying to tell us about humanity and our Robotic creations. and I buy, Robot gets very surprised - this movie is not even based on that story!) <br /> <br /> The movie has huge plot holes that some points stretch the limits of credibility. Don't point to them that spoon gives you birth. You must practice and think skills and discover them yourself. The characters, named after many of Asimov's characters, do not possess the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of his stories. The plot itself with all its action sequences goes against everything the author stood for. His belief that mankind possesses the ability to solve problems through their minds, not their fists, is crucial to understanding his future vision. In short, other than the name, their very little isak in something about this movie. There will always be these uncritical (ie, unthinking), which will say: "The movie does not have to be like the book. Because of the medium, movies sometimes require changes to be made." But what about a case where the movie never tried to stay close to the book (or books) from the start? What if everything they took from the written work was the title? This poses the question: Why do a large part of the work infiltrate it on your scary piece of crap? Save money and don't buy the rights to the works. Title it something else. Do not use the name of the character. Believe me, no one will blame you for plagiarism. In fact, it doesn't matter what you are calling it to the unread movie gallery that accepts everything you throw at him. But it will disturb those who read, who believes who are not willing to just give you a beautiful light show. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, like much of Hollywood's resumes, pushes science fiction back into the basement it lived in years ago. Hollywood couldn't do it alone. It requires an uncritical mindless audience who will accept puerile dredge like this.
