After some surfing on the internet I found the "Homefront" series on DVD at ioffer.com. Before anyone gets excited, the DVD set I received was burned by an amateur home video tape recorded by their television 15 years ago. The resolution and quality are poor. The pictures look as though you would expect old resume video to look. Although the advertisements were edited, the final credits in each episode still have voice-over messages for the segway in the ABC news program "Nightline", complete with the latest news headlines from the early 1990s. Even with the poor picture quality, the exhibits were clear and the sound quality was fine. <br /> <br /> For this show credit, the casting was almost perfect. Everyone was trustworthy and really looked at that part. Their action was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is played particularly well by Kyle Chandler (most recently seen in the 2005 King Kong remake). Period costumes were very authentic as were the sets, especially the 1940s kitchens with vintage appliances and fittings. The direction was also creative and different for a television show at that time. For example, conversations between characters were sometimes cut with conversations about the same topic between other characters in different scenes. The dialog for the various conversations was kept floating despite cutting and fourth among the different characters and locations. It takes good direction and editing, and they made it work in this case. <br /> <br /> When I started seeing this series again, I suddenly remembered why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a fine show, the charters and stories are disappointing and confusing right from the start. For one thing, the name of the show itself is completely misleading. When WWII ended in 1945, there were no more matches, so of course there was also no "homefront" either. Oddly, the first episode of the show "Homefront" begins in 1945 after the war had ended. It's like shooting the first episode of "Gilligan's Island" that shows the castaways are being rescued. The whole prerequisite for the show's namesake is completely lost. I kept hoping with the possibility that the rest of the series was a flashback, but no, the whole show goes on from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series fails miserably in any attempt to accurately depict historical events at the end of 1940 'er. By the third episode, it becomes obvious that this series was no more than a thinly blurred vehicle for an extremely leftist political agenda. The show is set in River Run Ohio, near Toledo. But the show's ongoing racism theme makes it similar to Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the ensemble cast is Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macs Jr. depicting the Davis family. Much of the series shows that the Davis family is being discriminated against by the evil "whites" to the point of being ridiculous and completely absurd, if not ridiculous. The racism card has been played and played by Hollywood now for over 40 years. We'll get it. We are also tired of having our nose rubbed in it on a daily basis. The subject of racism is also unpopular with viewers, and it is the kiss of death for any show, as it was for "Homefront". Williams, Winston and Macer's actors were wasted in their roles as the stereotypical "frightened / angry black family". The wildly exaggerated racism in this series makes everybody in Ohio a KKK member or something. The racism problem could have been addressed in this show in a single episode with a simple blow in the nose or fist fight, where a bigot gets a well-deserved forging and leaves it. Assigning a large part of the series to racism things gets really old really fast and it's simply stupid. In yet another ridiculous plot line, the great chief of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) is depicted as an Ebenezer Scrooge as a character who is against pensions and travel and is concerned about acid dripping on his staff. The workers revolt and take over the factory in a blatant pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer. Personally, I think this series had great potential. The authors could easily have placed the timeline in 1941 ?? 1945 as the title suggests and showed the difficulties with food and gas rationing and works 14 hours days in war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and husbands fighting abroad would also have added drama. The situation was also perfect for writing in special guest stars such as military or USO staff passing through their city during training or en route to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for good story lines and plots are endless. But no, the authors of Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored any relevant or interesting plot. Instead, they completely missed the point and rejected themselves in a bizarre and irrelevant occupation of racism and leftist politics. It would be unfair for the actors to condemn the whole series, but the plots and situations where they were placed are total waste.
