Yes, Kazaam is one of the terribly bad movies that almost reminds one of everything that goes wrong with not just kids movies but with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a rapping genius - yes, a RAPPING genius - where he does everything from making bad proverbs to dressing in ridiculous clothes, all ending up in him in a Christlike bag with lots of light around him. So, yes, really expect cheesy bits, including the first desire to be a lot of junk food falling from the sky (and unfortunately not beating the two main characters, especially the baby). What is not to be expected is that a movie with a child and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy! The main file of the film involves this child, who is played in the all too typical and annoying-kid fashion of the grandchild Frank Capra (where the child cries out his dialogue angry), who comes on a genius who has been caught in a boom box then follows "glory" as the child makes the Shaq genius his quasi-slave, whom he waits for his last two desires as he tries to make changes with his shady absent father. <br /> <br /> This really juicy, confident son and father's story would be bad enough, as there are certain lines that have been spoken in a million other movies (ie "two chances in life" speak from father to son ). But it is Shaquille O'Neill who is both the reason to watch the film (ironic) and the obviously sinking core of it all. His plot line involves him when he does not get the over-talky treatment from Capra, rapping into the dialogue and also starting his thriving recording career. On top of that, he also kicks ass and takes names with the biggest bad guys who want him back in the boom. Then there is a camp factor for the movie? Up to a point, but this is even squashed by all the mushy scenes and 'heart-felt' moments that really don't have anything to do with the rest of the material. One can ask if the people who make the film, of course, did it on behalf of the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to go on the Michael Jordan play trolley if it were anywhere near decent or compelling. I hope they also knew they were just paid. But I hope even more, that they felt at least a little guilty of subsidies for feeding the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So if you want a fun night out of Shaq as a genius-turned rapper-turned wisecracker, the more fun for you. Hell, it might even be interesting to have a Shaq filmed with this and his other critically acclaimed efforts Steel. But if you hope to keep a few brain cells, stay away from what is most likely the worst flip of 1996, and a candidate among many others to the worst of the 90s.
