It's not hard to review KAZAAM and say it's a bad movie. Critics at the time they came out fell everywhere and escaped this movie - it was among the worst movies of the decade! So the fact that I say it's bad or someone else says it's bad is certainly not a surprise. It's like someone is talking about World War II - almost no one says it's a good thing, right?! The question I have and no place on IMDb can answer that is "why did they do this in the first place?!". After all, it is clear to anyone who is not seriously brain-damaged that the film would be horrible. But movies like ED (a baseball chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (starring in the ever popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (who doesn't even have anyone in it), BABY GENIUSES (Einstain-like superhero kids) and PINOCCHIO IN OUTSIDE (huh!?!) Prove that any idea, no matter how stupid, can make it the big screen! Then the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the time, staring like a genius into an unpleasant little abrupt, seems to be 'normal'! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a child who is pretty appalling, keying the cupboards into school. Like punk from FREE WILLY, this kid is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a total abrupt), and you know that no matter how selfish and terrible he is, at the end of the movie he has learned something and grown. Only once will I see a punk child like this end up in prison or death at the end of the movie! Eventually, while neighborhood bullies are in the middle of pummeling him, genius Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on giving the abrupt three wishes. But the child does not believe in him, and the magic of genius seems weakly stainless. <br /> <br /> Finally, abruptly recognizes that Kazaam is too genuine. But, unlike most children, he retains his desires, so in the meantime, Kazaam has to follow him around everywhere - as his own personal servant. And according to the cliché, you know that at the end of the movie Max and Kazaam will have become lifelong friends, and a lot of tears will be cut. Oh, and Max will have come to terms with his absent father and mother's fiancé (I'm gag). Apparently, this genius is suffering from a social worker besides being a beneficiary. <br /> <br /> As for Kazaam, Shaquille speaks in the rhyme through much of the movie and even takes a break for rap ... very bad. I am a medieval white guy and I think I might also rap at least too! He's a great basketball player and I've heard he's a good guy - but a rapper ... no way! As far as his plays were concerned, he was not great, but had such a fine personality in the movie that it is hard to hate him - even though they made him do a lot of very stupid things. <br /> <br /> So, the movie is so unnecessarily horrible that you've probably heard? Throughout the first two thirds of the film I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to try his best with an unlikely child and a bad script. But later in the film, the bad horrible - as Kazaam seems too worried about himself to help the child become when he really needs it. And out of nowhere, the plot is really really weird - since the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turns out to be an evil mobster! And strangely, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the movie is made up of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know the baby was annoying but it should be a children's movie !! What part of 'trying to kill the child' did the authors not understand?! So at one end that makes this perhaps the worst youth movie ending in history, Kazaam becomes god or something, and it was all like a drug-induced hallucination! This end was even more stupid and more than that in BLACK HOLE ... and boy, did it my brain hit !! Uggghh - the horrible dialogue was just too much to bear !!! All in all, it is a horrible movie that is mainly due to authors who were certifiably insane. Yes, people, with a modest message, bizarre non-child-friendly material and horrible characters, it's a miserable movie. Unfortunately, considering the idea and the actors, it is hard to imagine that the final product will be much worse! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see a Genie in a modern world movie that is good, try the British made for television films "Bernard and Genie" - a charming and exceptionally well-written movie from start to finish.
