This 1996 film was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre that I have ever seen, and when I did, I was horrified by it. So much of the novel had been omitted, and I considered William Hurt to be terribly displeased as Rochester. Since then I have seen all the other remarkable adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and the three mini-series '73, '83 and 2006, and I have noticed that there are bad adjustments and worse Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly the most exquisite Jane Eyre adaptation for filmography. Director Franco Zerifferelli enjoys in beautiful long shots of snow falling from a winter sky, of lonely Rochester standing on a rock and of Jane looking out the window - but he is less good at telling a story and bringing signs to life. In addition, his scripts only scratch on the surface of the novel by releasing many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester and, unfortunately, is not the humorous side of their intercourse. There are a number of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of them beautifully staged, but the few phrases they exchange are not sufficient to show the audience that they are attracted to each other. We know they must fall in love, but we never see it actually happen. The scene where Rochester wants to find out Jane's reaction to his dilemma by putting her case in hypothetical form for her, after the wounded Mason has left the house, is missing altogether, and the scene of the goodbye, the main scene - climax - of novel is reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake that other screenwriters have made in replacing their own poor letters to Brontë's amazing lines, nor are important scenes completely changed and rewritten, but he does less offensive, but eventually there is also a big mistake in just to leave many important scenes. What is left is just a glimpse of the novel that does not make right for Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Cast is a mixed bag: While Fiona Shaw is an excellent wife Reed, Anna Paquin's young Jane is more of an ill-mannered, pout Lolita than a lonely little girl, longing for love. The always reliable Joan Plowright makes a very sympathetic, but far too sharp, wife Fairfaix, and you can't help feeling that Billie Whitelaw will play the village witch instead of regular and hard-working Grace Poole. However, Charlotte Gainsbourgh as the adult heroine is physically a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. Seeing every bit as 18, thin and fragile, with irregular, strong features, she almost comes to my inner view of Jane than any other actress in that role. And in the first 15 minutes of her screen time, I was enchanted by her performance. Gainsbourgh is doing well to let the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will that is hidden behind the steam mask. But unfortunately, the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of Jane's character. As a result of releasing so many scenes and shortening so much of the dialogues, Gainsbourgh's portrayal of Jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory. It's a shame as with a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been as good a Jane as Zelah Clarke in the '83 version. <br /> <br /> But while it's still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there is no trace of Rochester in the character William Hurt portrays. Hurt, who has proved to be a fine actor in many good films, must have been aware that he was physically and typically, so mistaken that he did not even try to play the novel's novel. Hans Rochester is, besides being blonde and blue-eyed, a soft figure, blessed nobleman, shy and quiet, a little queer and eccentric, but basically good-natured and gentle. He is so far from being irascible, moody and ugly that lines that refer to these traits of his character sound ridiculous. In addition, Hurt's facial expressions leave for many moments of the film a wonder if he is fighting against acute attacks of the sleeping disorder. Especially in the scene of the proposal, he grimes like a patient who gathers from a general anesthetic, and is hardly able to keep his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester with the novel's strong will and charming protagonist who only bursts with energy and temperament, it's no wonder that many viewers are disappointed with Hurt's performance. Still, he insults me less than the Rochester in the '70s, '97s, and 2006 versions, and I would generally rate this Jane Eyre higher than those three others. Of course, Hurt had the jokes to acknowledge that he could not be the novel's rochester and therefore did not attempt to do so, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but failed failed, and I'd rather see it other character than Rochester than a Rochester that is badly played. And I'd rather see a Jane Eyre movie that leaves many lines in the novel, but does not invent new than a version that uses modernized dialogues that sound like they could say of a couple's day in a Starbucks cafe. Of course, Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it's an unofficial one, which is more than one can say about the '97 and 2006 adjustments. I would therefore not stop anyone from seeing this adaptation: You will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a beautifully made movie.
