I took note of the cast, I recently watched this movie on TCM and hoped for an undercut gem when I see many movies from the 30s. This is no gem - not even semi-precious. The anachronistic clothing and the 1930s Rolls Royce limo hit you immediately. Castings are also strange. But for the most part there are too many stupid and unnecessary plot units. This film has lots of good ingredients and a basic pledge that keeps promise, but the components don't mix according to the right recipe. It simply doesn't come together as it should. And that's a shame. With a few pretty obvious but minor changes, this could have been a very good movie. <br /> <br /> The film is about an American showgirl (Jean Harlow) seeking a rich British man - preferably from the nobility. She meets Franchot Tone and his companion, who is on a lark in a Rolls Royce owned by his camera's employer. Harlow Mistakes Tone is the Lord Who Owns Rolls, and she puts her sights on him. This early part of the film is a light comedy without any real difference. <br /> <br /> However, Tone unknowingly discovers the fact that his employer is actually a German 5 column on the threshold of WWI, and that is when the film alters the tone altogether and begins to fall apart. Tone and Harlow are married, but just as the honeymoon begins, he is shot down by a Mata Hari type (Benita Hume), and Harlow flies the scene, with a criminal accusing her of Tone's murder. (In fact, Tone comes back from the wounds.) Harlow flies to France, where she falls in love again - this time with a wealthy French cad (Cary Grant). Tone, now in the army and Harlow, is unexpectedly brought back together in Grant's hospital room, where he is in rehabilitation from a plane crash. In the following scene, Tone accuses Harlow of leaving him because she is essentially a gold digger. Harlow never explains about the witness "accuses her of murder and her panic! It's one of the unreal, movie-plot-device crashes in history. <br /> <br /> Then Tone is also brought into contact with the woman ( Hume, who shot him, is ready to see her father, Grant, test the new aircraft that Tone has delivered to him from England, unbelievably recognizing both Hume and Tone weakly, but simply can't put from where! , then Tone was shot and almost dead, maybe his memory was a little hit, but how many men did Hume shoot that she would forget one of her brands? (She doesn't seem to fall into memory.) <br /> <br /> This is inexplicable and unnecessary. Hume should have fully acknowledged him but played it coy when she realized that Tone could not place her. It would have been a much better treatment for that question. <br /> <br /> The final is also very unsatisfactory.The film, which made, has Tone and Harlow conspiring to preserve cad's, Gra nts good reputation, leading to his deceptive burial as a hero. Then Harlow and Tone just go away. It is noble to maintain the French public's perception of their national war hero, but very unsatisfactory as a love story! <br /> <br /> What the film is asking for is this: Harlow explains that she panicked in the face of accusations of murder Tone forgives her and quietly revives her love for her; He then carries a flashlight for her, even when she helps her tear the crash to preserve Grant's reputation. Meanwhile, Harlow finally recognizes Grant for the cad he is. Having seen Tone for the brave and noble man, he is, Harlow restores feelings for him too. At the end of the film, the two are united even though they work together to correct the appearance of Grant's death. After Grant's hero's funeral, we see them embracing and kissing at fade-out. It would have made a nice little movie. For Cary Grant fans it would have been even better if Tone played the French cad, who was killed and awarded the long-standing first man reunited with Harlow. It is incomprehensible that Franchot Tone is cast as the Irishman living in England while Cary Grant is cast as a Frenchman. This movie would have been much better if they turned around roles. It would also have been more conducive to the movie that should have been ...
