... and you can look at this statement in various ways by the way. First of all, it is a mess because of all the cruel and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination doesn't even come close to some of the explicitly shown scenes here. Whole parts of this movie are simply sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and they bring you close to puking your gut. Now I love horror movies and I am very "pro-violence", but I think it should lead somewhere !! Is it too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely ill and twisted thoughts. The "movie" contains four separate chapters associated with a cover story. This results in endless display of torture, murder and illness to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative if you ask me. And yet - it must be said - the basic plot idea certainly has potential. It is a cannibalistic hypnotist who has made an agreement with the devil to avenge himself and cause misery and death to anyone involved in his trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, so they should have focused on it a little more instead of creating the most obnoxious movie ever. <br /> <br /> Second, the whole production of this movie was a mess. They didn't have much of a budget and they used it all on fake blood and gut ... Toner of it !! The acting performances are a joke and some of the worst I have ever seen. Any other special effects besides make-up look very amateurish (Like this attempt at a realistic car accident, for example). There is no excitement or atmosphere to discover anywhere ... not even an attempt to build one. The Cradle of Fear is a failure and a chance to say the least. With the presence of death metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of filth..get the link?) This film is, of course, meant only for the eyes of twisted teens trying to be controversial. Troubled girls and boys looking forward to worrying about their parents by looking badly like this. And then people are complaining that the amount of suicide and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you easily affect or dispose of an unstable mind. For every self-respecting horror fan, this movie is an insult.
