Does anyone who made this movie, especially the director, save a thought for the logic of stories? These are not just plot holes but plot digs that are becoming deeper as we lose sympathy for the protagonist and his situation. That is to say, if you are kind enough, then you see victorious at most for the film that the characters are either servants of the burial hole or boring and unlikeable. Or in the case of Downey's & Hannah's characters, seemingly redundant. By considering the cause of Downey's character's significant screen time in the film, I decided that either the director had wanted his character and unnecessarily increased his screen time (unlikley, as the director did not change anything else about the script he actually necessarily) or that his character should be sacrificed on the altar with bad plot. I will let you guess anybody it should be. <br /> <br /> I had to keep checking the DVD cover to confirm that this was really made of credible talent. I can't understand why Robert Altman would do this work. Surely he has the power to choose and choose. In fact, I can't understand why anyone would take this script, except for a first-time leader looking for the experience. I assume Robert Downey Jr. needed the money for his habit. I assume Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I suppose Robert Duvall only got a few pages of the script and thought that the role in isolation sounded exciting. These are the only motives I can see that would force good actors to take the role of this movie. As for Robert Altman, there has been a lot of effort on his part to make the movie look amazing. I found myself noticing how he had hit such a scene, or used the bright orange float vest in another scene to draw the eye's movements or impose a beautiful filter to create a particular mood. I usually do not notice such things in movies, as most movies I bother to watch end actually engage me because of good storytelling and interesting characters with understandable motives. I only saw this to the end, because some ridiculous elements of optimism in myself continued to look at the DVD cover and be convinced that due to the talent involved, there was a releasing factor in this movie. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's not why I'm watching movies.
