This movie was made for fans of Dani (and Cradle of Filth). I'm not one of them. I think he's just an imitator running black metal bandwagon (still I'm not generally a fan of black metal). But as I was carrying this DVD case to pay for it, I convinced myself that the less authentic something is, the more it tries to be convincing. Thus, I assumed that I am in for a roller coaster ride of rubber gore and do-it-yourself splatter with a creepy backdrop. Now that's what I like. <br /> <br /> I came home and popped it in. My patience lasted 15 minutes. AWFUL camera work and DISGUSTING quality. And it was then (2002) that it looked like it was shot using a Hi8 video camera. I left it on the shelf. Maybe a good night with beer and bmovies would create a good setting for this ... image. <br /> <br /> After a couple of months I came back to it (in the mentioned surroundings) and then half. Then not only did the mentioned aspects annoy me. My dissatisfaction developed. I saw how funny Dani (1.65m, 5'5 "height) saw in his platform boots ripping a head of a jug apart. (Yes, ripping. His head apparently had no skull.) I also found that this movie may have I have not yet completed it, so I was not positive. After a few attempts I finally tried to finish this flick - a few months back ... (Yes, it took me 5.5 years.) So - Dani was actually fun as Satan / Manson / super-evil men's HELPER and the movie did not make sense. See our bad person employs Dani to do bad things. Why is it good he is just very, very bad, they are actually both, And that's pretty much it. <br /> <br /> We have a couple of short stories that are part of Dani's character: my favorite was about a guy who descends someone his play because he wants to use it as his Yes, exactly, the actors ROCK BOTTOM CGI is the worst ever, I think Stinger beats it and boy is Stinger's CGI baaaaad. orien has no meaning. And the quality is ... Let's just say it's not satisfactory. The only thing that can keep you looking is the unmotivated violence and doings. Blood and gut are made quite well. Why can you actually see that the movie is from there and then moved on. (Example - Dani 'The Man' Filth takes a stuffed cat - fake as it can be - and boys it ... and then eats it fell out. Why? We never know. We know, however, that this cat must have been on illegal drugs, since his heart is almost half his size.) You may think, in my comment, that this movie is so bad, it's good, but it's just bad. Cradle of Filth fans can add 3 points. I added one more.
