Cradle of Fear <br /> This is not a movie where intricate delicate, small story colors occupy our attention. This is not a movie where the special effects are supposed to leave us slack-jacked uttering the feeling of whoa. However, it is a piece of lo-fi goth horror that leaves little to the imagination, created in the director's eyes, Alex Chandon, as "a recall to scary 70s and 80s horror". <br /> This is a very visceral experience for 2 hours, where four plot lines are connected through lots of aqueous blood, reams of dismembered body parts and indards, bound by an intestinal cord of revenge. <br /> <br /> The publisher of such terrible violence is Dani Filth, lead song for the metal band Cradle of Filth, who performs a role he was destined to play. <br /> <br /> As others have said, there is no news of occultist revenge. In this particular context, a convicted sexual predator and killer, Kemper, father of our devilish hanging angel, forces his son to accurately retaliate those who are connected to judging him for the scalp within an insane asylum. <br /> What this gives to Chandon, who has to congratulate also on the money and editing of this piece, is the ability to let his sick mind run free. He seems to enjoy the idea of ​​blowing blood into the openings of them on the screen, and into every nook and crane that can be reached. We are also treated to close-ups of the skull being crushed, demonic rape and other various images to engage those who are delighted to come close and personal to their horror. And for some of those who follow closely this type of movie, there is the odd order that might have you thinking, "I just saw what I thought I was doing" because of course, Pretty Woman, it's not. It reminds me of some of the gore feasts created by Italian horror some 20 to 30 years ago, and a number of other works where obnoxious images have left their mark, but not the context in which they were seen. <br /> <Set 4 of the kit is especially exciting, where the idea of ​​one's occupation can ultimately lead to death in the pursuit of internet violence through the "Sick Room", where the user has control over how a life can be sniffed out. Further acknowledgments should also include a pounding soundtrack that allows Filth to exercise his daytime speech and effective use of drum and bass, often overlooked in film making as a viable form of supporting images. Use of the city of London as a backdrop of real people as opposed to movie stand-ins also adds support to the movie's movie movie. OK, classical it may not be, but blood, gut, gut, occult and demons in a little perverse and unproblematic way.
