I had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so always my expectations were broken. But they were shattered more than you might expect. The movie would have been a decent movie if I hadn't read the novel beforehand, which might ruin it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, they changed some of the doctors in Toulon for a ship full of galley slaves. The scene at Bishop Myriels was fine. In fact, things survived beyond the end of Fantine, except for the galleys. Because we do not want to have bad things happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, sell the teeth or become a prostitute. The worst thing she does is run into the mayor's office and spit on his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Because having children out of wedlock should not be talked about, Tholomyes is Fantine's dead man, rather than an irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to bring Cosette to Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so fortunately they reunite another change. Then comes the monastery, which is a rather difficult scene to turn up. Fortunately, it was saved. After this three-minute accuracy, the movie begins to do again against Classic Novel Butchering. When Cosette and Valjean drive through the park, they come across Marius to give a speech at a meeting. About the prison reform. When he comes to handing out pilots to Valjean and Cosette, he says one line in the movie that put me off screaming on the TV. "We are not revolutionaries." I could hear Victor Hugo forging in his grave. OF THE COURSE THERE ARE REVOLUTIONARY! They will revolt against the pseudo-monarchy that is in place for another republic, you stupid writers! It is a historic fact that there was revolt against the government in 1832. At one point, Cosette goes to give Marius a donation from his father to the reform movement and meet Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the Eponin of the book. This Eponine seems to be a well-functioning secretary girl working for the prison reformers (who work out of Cafe Universal as opposed to Cafe Musain). Not to mention the audience is already made to dislike her thanks to her non-period, low-cut, tight-dressed dress and her snooty mannerisms. The prison reformers (Lead by the most badly cast Enjolras as I have ever seen) decide to dispense brochures no longer enough. So they have to build barricades. I don't know about you, but I've never heard of reform movements tearing up the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops. About three hundred people (it shouldn't be so many) start attacking the National Guard and build a bunch of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is sort of precise, except that Javert's suicide again seems difficult to understand thanks to his minimal screen time and odd character interpretation. The movie ends with Valjean and sees Javert jump into the river. This is again inaccurate because Valjean would never have let Javert drown. He saved man's life earlier, why did he die now? Then there is the whole leap of Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration and his redemption on his deathbed with Marius and Cosette by his side. Overall, I can blame the script mostly for the problems. While I'm happy that Enjolra's and Eponine were at least present in the movie, they were terribly misinterpreted, just like the whole barricade scene. The abolition of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too much sin for her. The Cosette knows Valjean's past from the start of fairs with the plot a good deal. I didn't even see Seeardier and Mme. Thenardier had only a few seconds of screen time. The same with Gavroche. However, I liked Frederich Mars's interpretation of Valjean, which was one of the redeeming features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton seems to have missed the mark with Javert for all his great plays in other films. The reading trembles, the unnecessary shouting, and his acting generally just felt very wrong. He also, like many Javerts, I have seen, has not proved to be threatening, something that is required of the character. Again, this movie would probably feel much better if I hadn't read the book. I would not recommend it to order purists, though. I would also say that the film would have been a good adaptation for the time being, as the terrible precise French version had not come out the previous year.
