When I tell people I am watching movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think of such a movie?" There are a few problems here. First, there is a probable chance that I have not seen it, and thus I destroy my reputation. Secondly, I can destroy that movie without realizing that it's actually their favorite. Finally, I could get DVDs to watch so they can judge my opinion. Thus, I find myself before "The Convent", which is the kind of movie I would ignore given the choice but could not avoid here. It's more a shame because this honestly horrible "horror" is as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> After well-worn clichés, "The Convent" focuses on a bunch of American high school students on a trip to an abandoned monastery on a mission to be stoned, laid and mildly spooked. But you will never guess what happens next? A group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerges from the spider webs, which continue to choose the children one by one in classic horror film tradition. Will any of them survive and more importantly, don't you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves "The Convent" from being a total waste of time is that nobody really takes this tosh seriously except for Coolio's bizarre cameo as a hyperactive policeman with an itchy trigger finger. It's all too entertaining to be really scary - zombie cheerleader that makes chipmunk sounds for no reason, the daily glossy paint jobs that appear when you become a zombie - but what really turns it into a horror is the fact that you Immediately can tell when someone is going to jump out and get messed up. But even if they tried, I still doubt that it would work - demonic nuns carrying the kind of makeup you want to see in the "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" program are not so scary. The scariest thing about this movie is really that over 10% of the voters gave this a maximum score. I mean, I know it's fun, but I barely split my pages. To be honest I have had more fun in a dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more of a comedy scare like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead", but you laugh at it instead of with it. I honestly cannot recommend this to anyone except the family of the cast and the crew, but even then I doubt very much that they will enjoy it. I don't enjoy being "so bad that it's good" genre - I personally feel that if the filmmakers can't bother to save a turkey, then I shouldn't bust a gut trying to see it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they should really have gone home and done something more constructive. A Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it was sold at £ 1 and it had to tell you everything you need to know about this poxy, cheap, awesomely bad flick. Sorry if you like it, but "The Convent" is really a pile of scary shit.
