Boring. Schlocky. Just plain terrible and horrible. Let's be honest when you sit down to see something called The Double-D Avenger, you don't expect great art or even mild mainstream entertainment. You probably expect a cult movie and maybe get some good looks at some impressive busts. You don't really get any of these in the video. The story is in line with most of these types: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, finds out she has breast cancer, flies down to South America for a fruit claiming to be a paradise for any damage and super human abilities Giving, returning and fighting, dressed as Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club wishing to outperform the competition. As stories go, I've seen much worse, but as another reviewer noted the performance is horrible. The action sequences lack zipper, drive, motivation and are thin tissue. The action is not even correct campy and the dialogue is pits. Nothing, and I think nothing is fun from wincing puns to the heavy-handed boob references. Everyone could be forgiven if the girls could do it, but they all fall. Kitten, Haji and Raven de la Croix are all quite older (still lovely in their own ways) not yet exposed to anything and becoming antithesis of what they are trying to be: older, campy caricatures of their former self. Instead, they look so poor and desperate - more because of the vehicle that they "starring" instead of their own abilities. There are some other lovely ladies, but you really don't see much of anything. PG-13 can certainly be an appropriate rating for this. The material, the actresses and the instructor are all tired, tiring and dated - and again - not fun! It was a brutal time plus sitting through this and it is a shame as I was expecting something campy and fun. The guy who played Bubba by the way was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at all, but every time he opened his mouth, I kept thinking about how truly terrible he was. The only easy point here is to see Mr. Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, play curator of a wax museum and chat with his wax Frankenstein, who is lovingly named Frankie. Apart from that, this is a complete bust - now how is it for another tired, horrible, tired saying!
