I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays the protagonist Marvin Mange in this movie.) He said that he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you had the volume off, you would laugh at this movie. It must clearly be the secret. I had the volume up. I actually listened to this thing and thought it was a disaster and utterly eerie - a big disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo." <br /> <br /> The story is stupid: Many are a big loser who dreams of being a policeman filled with a bunch of animal transfers after a car accident by a mad scientist appropriately named Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), and consequently begins to lose control of his "animal instincts". "This makes him a" supercop. "He can sniff out drugs hidden in body holes and drive horses. Of course, he also has a horrible habit of eating people's cows and trying to seduce their goats, but it's a small price to pay. "It just didn't matter to me. <br /> <br /> It left much to be desired. Is there a more annoying actor across Hollywood than John McGinley? Here he plays Sgt. Sisk, Many's Commandant on the police force who a contradictory cartoon-like character (pretty much the same as his doctorate in the inexplicable popular television series "Scrubs".) I was eager to watch Colleen Haskell's first "serious" play something in this movie called "Seriously?") She Of course, she has gained her fame as a participant in the first "Survivor" and she proves what we knew from it: she is sweet as a button, what she does not prove here is that she has a distinct talent as an actress And what about Ed Asner as a police officer? boss Wilson, I mean, how old is this guy now? He is the size of some of the cows. Many tried to eat, and he seemed to exhale all the way. I'm surprised he did it through the movie. There is a short como at the end of Adam Sandler (who also acted as Executive Producer for this.) At least I chuckled twice: Many play with his creaking toys in the police car and the scene Schneider has with Haskell and the orangutan - the orangutan has more acting talent! So for two chuckles - 2/10.
