Seeing the first 30 minutes of Oblivion Sands gave me great hopes. It seemed I was in for a cheaper version of the mummy. The set-up was promising, in the 1920s Cecil B. Demille made her opus of the ten commandments. It seems to use genuine Egyptian artifacts for the movie as they released an old and terrible evil (not always?). Conscious of what had been released DeMille orders the entire set buried instead of the usual practice of tearing it down. Hopefully the evil will be buried with it forever. Then we switch to today's day where a team tries to excavate the site (the movie's first mistake, but hey, these period costumes are expensive and it's a Sci-Fi channel movie). The first observations we get from the Anubis monster are well-finished and it is a costume that they put a lot of effort into and not the usual cheesy CG effect. Then the counters start. This is where the movie went south of me. The reactions to people dying in cruel and strange ways have a strange, muted response. When they realize that the old evil has once again been released and is on a killing spree, what makes the stock issue a man and a lady leader? They make the usual stop for the "guy who knows the truth but never told anyone". After receiving the important information, do they share it with the mates at the grassland? No, they stop at a hotel for a refreshing shower and some cozy chats. Really I'm not the most motivated person, but if I knew a demon from ancient Egypt, it was loose and killed all in sight and would come after me, I would put a little cramp in my step to solve the problem. After this oblong and meaningless middle section, they go around to destroy the Anubis monster in the usual way, by driving in dune buggies and shooting it with a rocket launch while standing at a pile of phosphorus grenades. For a sci-fi movie it was over the usual crap they put out, which didn't say much at all. What disappointes me, it could have been much more if someone had written a decent script for it.
