After seeing this after receiving DVD for Christmas 2005 I came here to pan it - but after reading the other comments I have no heart. Obviously, this is a movie that has worked very well for children of a certain age. Well, let me not be a complete Grinch; it can still work for some children - if they are not for the media saturated and have not been visually over-sophisticated, for example. from seeing all LOTR and Harry Potter. But if you are an adult, keep miles away; You won't enjoy it. The Good Bits: Barbara Kellerman as the Witch, especially in her early stages of Edmund, just creates the right mix of charismatic evil and restrained madness. (At the stone table she goes a little over the top.) Michael Aldridge in the little professor's and Jeffrey S. Perry's little role as Mr Tumnus also has that kind of polished, skillful play that we would expect from the very best BBC dramas. And the Aslan costume works very well, mostly well considered. They got their eyes right. <br /> <br /> The bad bits: almost everything else, but especially two areas. One, the casting. England is stuffed with good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive British schoolchildren. How could they possibly have ended up with these four steaks? They move like wooden soldiers and talk about it as well. Peter has no gravitas or charisma (and is visibly shorter than his supposedly younger siblings); Edmund is just whiny; and Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is so dramatically visibly wrong for this part that I can't imagine how she got the job. <br /> <br /> Two, the animal costumes. Again, they seem to be working for some children. If the kids are still at a level where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting, credible characters, they can be attracted to this movie. But to a seeker with sophistication, does a 12-year-old have seen the prisoner of Azkaban? When Master Beaver comes out behind that tree, there will be heads of cruel, exciting laughter. The costumes just don't work - I couldn't, and I think an adult or a modern teenager couldn't suspend disbelief when looking at Master Beaver. The animated drawing later (gryphons, etc.) works better, it's easier to take. So: ten stars for the very young and tender of the soul; everyone else reads or reread the book and sees the much better movie that rolls out in your imagination.
