I am a film student and have been for several years. And the concept of a cyber, kung-fu, satirical chimpanzee had me wondering: "Is this this film that is going to break the mold?" Let's see, America has never been let down by any piece of cinema that has a simian costar. After such great classics as "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought the best ideas had already been taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I considered suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I have read about demon possession in the Bible, but it still does not explain why anyone would create such an evil product. First, I realized that a chimpanzee was actually a monkey, not a monkey at all. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would solve this problem further into the movie. They didn't. Let me summarize this work of art: A company named Z.I.T. have decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mention something about the soldiers working for bananas, but when it costs about an estimated $ 13 million state resources to train a chimpanzee, it doesn't seem cost effective. Well anyway, Z.I.T. brings a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is everything Z.I.T. hoped for. He can take a whole shift of guards, who all seem to have got their training skills at the local mall, and yet manage to remind us that we see a child's movie. As you may have guessed, Modine finds out that Z.I.T.'s intentions can be evil (Gasp!) And decide to break Clemens out. Being a CIA agent and everyone knows, Modine knows that the best way to get lost is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, regularly make appearances on television while fighting for crime, and use checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine lives and sends two of their finest to pick him up. These guards might be the greatest comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was it Turner and Hooch? It doesn't matter anyway, because in the end the good guys are winning !!! Yay! Hooray for predictability! Throw a ghastly child who learns to be himself, a lonely mother who needs a date and music montage that contains songs that would even be blackballed by Radio Disney and you get "Funky Monkey". The climate of the film? A football game! Game of thugs, bumblers, a chimpanzee and nerd boy. No one seems to like such substitutions on a high school football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never lets up! It's the edge of your seat entertainment. Some may even call this the "American beauty" of infamous features. After completing this epic, I recalled hearing a story about a railway worker who lost many of his brain functions when a metal rod pierced his early lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal bar among movies.
