A friend once told me that an art-house-independent movie was running in a movie theater when the film's ending was - the audience was so furious that they went ahead to tear the cinema seats. Of course, my imagination jumped and tried to tell the contents of such a work. Well, now my imagination can rest. <br /> <br /> I'm a lifelong Andrei Tarkovky fan and a great admirer of his work. I have encountered many people who thought that Tarkovsky's film is slow and inert. The opinions are what they are, I did not find this to be true for the late director's wonderful works, made with meaning, beautiful compositions, and complex philosophical questions. After hearing Aleksandr Sokurov called heir to Tarkovsky, I was thrilled to experience his film. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the outdoor ride through the fields (Stalker), this film has no relationship to anything Tarkovsky has finished. It does not seem to have the slightest significance, even at a completely mindless level. It is apparently "gorgeously strong" quaternary missing any composition vessel. There is no balance, no proportionality, and the exposure meter appears to run out of batteries in the frozen snow. The protagonist is so inappropriate and indecisive, it makes you doubt whether his father might have lived if he first thought. <br /> <br /> I'm also not negative for non-plot or stories moving on in more non-linear ways. But there is not even a non-story here. You must definitely go into the display of this movie with a shaved head if you were to leave it with nothing that has been achieved and nothing lost, as hairline would be the only possible answer to a pace that could make a Tarkosky time sculpture look as if Jerry Bruckheimer had filmed a Charlie Chaplin card. I would not rule out that this may be one of Sokurov's stinkers (Tarkovsky's Solaris), but to conclude that he is one of Tarkovsky's heir-based film - would be to call the Paris Hilton successor to Aristotle. Don't be guys, don't be afraid to say so. No amount of great impressive words will magically bring this body of celluloid back to life. I do not regret fully understanding Russian culture, and I probably do not have Russian values, but I immediately picked up Tarkovsky's work as something magical, a treasure and a gift to the viewers. <br /> <br /> If it didn't have Sokurov's name on it and it was sent on, says Saturday Night Live, I'm pretty sure no one would "read" all this magnificent analysis in this soft noodle with one flick.
