Although the movie may have been "true" to Lewis's book (since the script was basically word for word, vocabulary), it couldn't capture any of the grandeur that would otherwise be associated with an epic story like this. The mythical creatures (unicorns, centaurs, griffins, ghouls, ghosts) are * drawn *, and as in the previous review, the green flight sequence was very difficult to swallow. I almost laughed at death when I saw the humanoid beaver with their giant stiff suits and buck teeth; I almost cried when I heard the wolf's "shelf", a man in a gray fuzzy suit shouted as loud and as girly as possible. <br /> <br /> All the play is hugely forced, especially that of little Lucy Penalty ... I could only take so much indignation, desperation and buck turning on (what felt like) fourteen hours of watching the movie. The actor who plays the white witch seems in all histrionics that she would be more at home on stage, where a thriving voice, scattered arms and a valiant effort on anything Shakespearian would be more than welcome. <br /> <br /> The seats feel claustrophobic, whether the scenes are indoors or outdoors. Indoors, the BBC can only afford to spend $ 100 building a set, and then it is very small and all the characters are constantly huddled together. The White Witch's Castle is a worn, decaying landscape, English castle filled with Styrofoam statues and poor lighting. When the Penalty Children walk through the woods - in fact, any * scene in the woods - feels like they are simply wandering around in circles. <br /> <br /> The only thing that looks decent in the movie is Aslan, but one can bet that the BBC probably blew the movie's overall budget to build the mechanical cats. It looks good when it stands still and before it begins to speak, but when it starts to move, you cannot shame the poor man who has to be the back end of the promise. Yes, if you are a hardcore Narnia fan, you may want to see this version simply because it retains all the words Lewis ever wrote - but Lewis was definitely no screenwriter, and many of those dialogs feel chunky and awkward when on the screen . During the scene where the kids are in Beavers' and getting ready to escape the wolves, Mrs Beaver is incessant, "Oh, just one more thing, deaf, and then we'll be ready to go" that is embossed. of the kids at the same time crying and sucking and groaning of "NO, Mrs. Beaver, PLEASE!" - a scene with comical relief, so unnoticed (they must be FLEEING from imminent danger, wondering if the sewing machine should be packed or not), detracts from the drama that the scene would otherwise have. In fact, the whole movie is peppered with directing faux pas like these. <br /> <br /> I would recommend seeing the new Narnia (Disney 2005). The new movie, with up-to-date effects, spectacular computer animation, great timing around, and a beautiful and scene-stealing White Witch (playing its part with all the subtle evil of an experienced politician, unlike a screaming banshee) captures all of the grandeur and grandeur of Narnias world without diminishing the smallest part of Lewis's original vision (I believe). Lucy is much shorter (no buck teeth, YAY!), Like beavers (and realistic size), and bratty BBC Edmund has nothing on the divine, desperate-hungry-for-acceptance-unsure-and-anxiety-with-an-inferiority -Complex Edmund that the new Disney version fronts. <br /> <br /> Unless you are the type who enjoys wasting time making fun of campy movies, I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
