If I had never read the book, I would have said it was a good movie. BUT I read the book. Who ever destroyed the screenplay story. There are so many changes that it wasn't really worth the title. Character changes, plot changes, timeline changes ... <br /> <br /> First, who was Henry and the investigator? They were not in history. Henry had something for Mitch's persona, but Mitch wasn't a policeman. No, you did so Roz, helped "sink" his body and used it as Zenia's blackmail against Roz. The real so-called blackmail was Roz, Zenia thought slept with his son and wanted her to get away from him. Her son was also extorted because he was hiding from his mother's homosexuals. Her son wasn't even really mentioned in the story. I also don't think his lover, Roz's secretary. <br /> <br /> At first, Tony and West were not together. He was actually with Zenia for the first time in college. The black painted apartment was their idea, Tony just went to visit. This is where Zenia and Tony meet, become fast friends. Tony hides his love for the west. Then Zenia went west, with cash from Tony, then West and Tony came together. Eventually marrying, at one point, West leaves Tony for Zenia again in a short time. Only to be heartbeat again. Then go back to Tony. Zenia's blackmail for Tony was that Tony had written a test paper for Zenia. Now he was a college professor she wouldn't let it out. I would say that the character who played Tony made it wonderful. Charis character was a blonde, not that it really matters. Zenia didn't fool her about having cancer while Augusta lived. No, she was there when Charis had a lover called Billy. Augusta's father, he was a draft dodger in the Vietnam War. Eventually after Charis takes care of Zenia for months for what was actually drug taking. Zenia and Billy have an affair just below Chari's nose as they take care of both of them. Then Zenia turns to Billy for the government and goes on the ferry with him. Not with Augusta was Charis pregnant with her tho. Charis also had a split personality, Karen was her real name. <br /> <br /> Zenia did not die from being cut into the piece .... she fell or was possibly pushed (we didn't actually know) out of the balcony and landed in a fountain. She had almost pure class of heroin in her blood, and it was likely that she took some without knowing and falling as she was OD. She was also really dying of cancer this time. <br /> <br /> It didn't show any of the childhood memories or anything that encouraged the characters to the reader. The book was stripped down to its bare bones. Then someone else's vision was made. Why couldn't you just write your own story as you did the movie? It was different enough and I could have done more.
