When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was connected to this epic novel, the movie, I was fascinated. Being a fan of the book, she assumed that she would play Tony, Roz or Charis, but more, I was also thrilled to see how they would turn this very head-y, almost psychological (but not psychological) thriller into a movie that would be available to those who had not read the novel and it would at least be mildly satisfying for those who had. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested in seeing how they used the 3 different narratives that lead to the unfolding of the story in a movie. What they actually did was a crime. The biggest mistake and confusing problem is: Why would Oxygen, a network announcing to be for women, take a great book on how complex, wonderful and terrible women are and can be, and change the protagonist from 3 women to some stupid earlier police officer without a real motive to be involved in the story? It seems that the one who adapted it took an easy way out by using this guy just to ask Roz, Tony and Charis about how they knew Zenia, and they rushed through the mass of the book. By doing this, they did obscure the story and cut everything that is good about the characters in it, except to do so, so that the audience had no credibility to connect with. In the film, these women are not humans, they are signs. <br /> <br /> In the book Zenia, her death falls, but the book mentions it to get this point across, while the film is wasted 30-45 minutes focusing on this former politician running around doing nothing for use. They tried to make this complex book an episode of law and order or CSI. It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was so wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe even a Scarlett Johnasson type. She is a woman, men cannot love, and a woman whom women are fascinated and threatened by, but in a "keep your enemies closer" kind of. And when she gets closer, she seems worthy of real and trust, despite your better judgment. She is the kind of woman who, even when she loses, she wins: she is always still beautiful, still rich, and there are always people out there who do not know her game. <br /> <br /> In the film, Zenia did not take Charis's husband (the blonde American draft dodger who used Charis in the first place ...) but instead took August and tried to become her guardian (and apparently came back to Being her lesbian lover as a lingering kiss in the coffee shop involves). And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving in August, but it had no meaning as all the construction was removed. It was as if the one who wrote the play grabbed the litter to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I think I hadn't read the book, I would have used the whole movie confused if I had bothered me to hold onto it all. <br /> <br /> And Roz's husband was dead before Zenia entered the picture (which was strange when Zenia took Roz's business and home life into the book, why Roz hated her so much) and she and Zenia had conspired to kill Roz's husband years and years back. And according to the movie Tony and West had been together forever ... even at the party where Zenia and West (in the book) had painted the whole place black and they made Tony seem like this all with the (and evil, bitchy) person which was always respected by everyone for her intelligence and popular for it. Tony's character was so wrong in this movie ... she seemed a little psycho and like the mastermind behind what fusing went down, unlike the kind of gawky, mildly reclusive teacher she was in the book. In fact, the film is implied that smart women are evil, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are evil, and women who teach yoga are out of their rockers. In principle, they tried to do so, so Zenia was not necessarily as horrible as she was in the book, and finally convinced the three women this former policeman (who is, of course, investigating this, meets Zenia and has an affair with her, who must end up with those moving to Barbados or something ridiculous, which of course Zenia bails on) to hide the Zenia's body (which they found splat on the hotel she was holding, but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony, or they collaborated to do it ...) and then Zenia also managed to get all Roz's money started. At the end of the film I was only half aware of advertising b / c it had sprouted so far into space from what it could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you're not confused by this breakdown of the movie, then maybe you want it because I've read the book and watched the movie, and from the movie alone, I'm ridiculously confused. It was awful. I get to make a movie out of that book is quite a task, but if you have to take on the task, start by deciding what in the book is unnecessary, rather than creating some useless sign to be our Alice in Wonderland . <br /> <br /> Are there really no fluffy books that Oxygen could make at least half a decent TV movie of?
