* Warning - no plot spoilers in front, but movie spoilers anyway ... * My essential other rented this for me thinking it would be a great romance with an all-star cast. Wow - very, very wrong. This movie is an exaggerated, overwhelmed and too sentimental excuse to free a theater movie 15 years after it was shot! The copyright date on the box said in 2005, but during the very first feedback series, I look at the clothes and hairdresser who was supposed to be the early 1960s, noting that the girls had especially been wearing the late 80s / early 90s dresses and hairstyles. It looked like it had been shot just over 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to make it easier for myself that it was a flashback and therefore had to look old, but it looked like WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY more than 80's than the 60's or even the 21st century trying to be 60 ' the guys ... then an adult colleague of the main character gets up and he looks like the boy found in the flashback sequences (yet it is another, much older character whose youth is flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw in the special features that included the short film - that was all the flashback sequences, shot in 1990 as a complete student movie with the same title as this movie! It also contains comments that include the little boy who grows up (and actually works as a colleague in the 2005 scenes). Thus, this movie is just a template of history woven around an old, cut student movie put together as an obvious excuse to bring it up to the theatrical run time. The Shell story, shot in 2005, is mostly about a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and redemption in the dance class, as he promises a dying man he will attend in his place (something about a promise made by the dying man in the early 60s to his girl, whom they would meet on the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segments around the old film in 2005?) These new scenes and plot could have been OK except the horrible, overly sentimental score that repeats ad nauseum over almost every new scene and clichéd action that permeates the new movie. Don't bother. There is a reason why you have never heard of this movie, even though it has a well-known cast - it's terrible.
