And I repeat, you can't see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst and most effortless comedy ever made. At least with most of the recent comedies today, the gags are raw and flat, but the authors and directors have at least made some kind of effort to make them fun. I never get tired of repeating one of my favorite moths: Everyone thinks they can make a comedy and only 10 percent are right. Comedy is difficult! This is not a genre any fool can play with. I think it's terrible that the filmmakers compare this piece of garbage to "Kentucky Fried Movie." Basically, these bozos compare their so-called comic talents to the brilliant Jim Abrahams and Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie." Here is an example of the comedy for the curious to watch this movie: A sketch involves a superhero dressed as a penis named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by spraying them with sperm. That is it. It's all joke. Wow. This is enough to make the carrot jam roll your eyes. Another sketch involves a man having sex with a death in a porn movie. And in another sketch there is a bag of lady beauty contest, where we are exposed to the terrible sights of bikini-clad medieval women with beer muscles and stretch marks. Plus, making fun of the homeless is more sad than fun. It is a step away from mocking the mentally handicapped. The whole movie must be satire. I think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire ... is TRUTH !!! For anyone who has actually enjoyed this scam, explain to me what is true about any of these gags! Some of the sketches may have been fun on paper, but whoever has taken screen writing classes knows that if a song tag sounds funny on paper, it won't be fun on the screen. If I tell anyone about a big, black, muscular gay virgin who rescues to the right man, he or she would probably laugh. But to see the premise that is played on the screen for approx. 10 minutes is a complete move. I hate that when people criticize a low-brow comedy like this for not being fun, they are considered as squared squares. I just watched "White Chicks" recently. It's another low-brown, politically incorrect comedy, but I laughed my head. The most offensive thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is not fun! What the authors and directors do not understand is that it is just dirty and tasteless that doesn't work. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene from "There is something about Mary" (ironically, the bozo puts the filmmakers Farrellys on their special cornice). The knowledge of the sperm was not just fun because it involved body fluids. There was a structure. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom to make sure he didn't go on a date with a "loaded gun". Then he looked around to see where the whole semen went after it was released. A knock is on the door and he'll answer it. His date, Mary, is at the door, and that's because the sperm is obviously hanging from Ben's ear. In this movie, there are several gags that involve characters spreading lots of sperm in humans, without buildup at all. As Jay Leno always says, "This comedy thing isn't that easy, is it?" Remember, Vince Offer, because you weren't cut off for this genre !! The only reason people can laugh at these gags is because they will feel hip. Let's see it, today it's hip to laugh at something politically incorrect. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this movie shouldn't be fun for anyone except maybe the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, the film had to be made before Michael Clarke Duncan's fame in films such as "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber would voluntarily be part of this amateur freak show. All the others in the cast are either non-actors, have been actors or B-movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression in "Five Easy Pieces", but I don't think she has done anything about it ever since. Slash was probably pulled to be in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch." Angelyne is the movie's biggest star (remember Duncan wasn't famous at that time) and there is still probably a ton of people who haven't heard of her - for good reason. Normally, I support extremely low budget tabs, but this one deserves to go unclear. I hope Lord, it will not be a cult classic! Shouldn't there be a law to distribute crap like that?
