First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, plus distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you are getting into with this. B movie mani! If you actually expect to see a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe", forget about it and go straight to the excellent series of Roger Corman 60s Poe movies. This is a clean, unadulterated sleaze (with a pedestrian attempt on a plot similar to "The Premature Burial"), complete with lots of R-rated, ready for video sex and nudity. However, it is certainly entertaining and fun in a spinning way ... Brinke (who has three naked scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays a weird, traumatized, sleepless housewife Victoria Monroe whose fear of being too early entombed comes from her Believe that the same fate found her father (Hoke Howell). Her worthless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) has racked up a serious gambling debt (due to a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and with the help of his kinky blonde European accent sex pillar secretary Lisa (Delia Sheppard) plot to deal with Brinke for her money. Name actress Karen Black drops cards with a blonde wig as a hypnotist (she is too talented to play a negligible role like this), 50-year-old sci-fi / horror star Robert Clarke plays a doctor and family friend and Michael Berryman shows up for a decent nightmare sequence that performs an autopsy on a still Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent mostly sits outside a house in his car that makes goo-goo eyes when Brinke comes in and out of the home. <br /> <br /> The spouse-for-inheritance pot has been made one million times before, the end being an unintentional laughter rebellion (ending with a direct rip-off of the Zuni Fetish Doll segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and the one who created The horrible shocked face and decapitated headlines for this edition have to sharpen their skills a little. Brinke does a decent job that makes her character a little sympathetic, but the biggest surprise is all that well past Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in her role. She stole all the scenes she was in and easily gave the standout performance here.
