Once again, I've seen a movie made by people who don't know anything. I just recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I have seen Dillinger and I have had it. <br /> <br /> This movie is garbage. I don't know how anyone in their right mind could compare this to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from a classic. Someone called it brilliant. It is a crazy thing to say. This movie can't get any facts straight and it has the worst casting I've ever seen. I don't know how stupid it was to throw Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all, he sees nothing like him. Second, when John Dillinger was killed, he was 31. When Oates did this, he was 45! You can even tell he is older than the real Dillinger just by looking at him. Not only was he too old, but it was also Ben Johnson as Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show Baby Face Nelson die, then Homer Van Meter, and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both of them. The last to die out of the three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only by the authors when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed when he fled Little Bohemia in a robe. Homer Van Meter was not killed by shotgun farmers. Homer Van Meter became the corner of police in St. Paul and down with machine guns. Another member of Dillinger's gang, Harry Pierpont, has been shown to be shot by police in this movie. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was caught and sentenced to die in the electric chair. I go into what happened to Baby Face Nelson on my Baby Face Nelson review, so I'm not going to go into it again here. Let me add, too, that Richard Dreyfuss's portrayal of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene where he attacks Dillinger and then gets a bad blow. While Dillinger beat him, he cried like a baby and screamed, "Let me be free!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Perhaps Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's groundbreaking methods, but they never fought. Nelson never cried as a little girl while being beaten. They still call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known by that name in his life. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black guy who fled from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this movie he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius doesn't know anything. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? I could do a better movie than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed John Dillinger is outrageous and unpredictable. The film shows Dillinger going out of the cinema with Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette wasn't even there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis shouts, 'Johnny!' Dillinger pulls his gun out and gets blown to hell. It's a proof that Dillinger didn't have a gun at night. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender, and as soon as he was in sight, he blew him away. They shouldn't even shoot him. They were so close that powder burns were found on his face. It was murder. They also say the man killed that night, was not John Dillinger. After killing tons of civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can you imagine the FBI reporting they had just killed an innocent unarmed man? The gun they had on the display, which apparently was on Dillinger, also appeared to have been produced only after Dillinger's death. I could go on with how the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I stop here. If you want to know more, check it out here <br /> <br /> See the Dillinger version with Lawrence Tierney if you want, but don't waste your time with this inaccurate piece of garbage game.
