David Mackenzie's follow-up to the brilliant young Adam wants to be an emotional underdog story of a lonely voyeur trying to confront some psychological problems with his dead mother. It will be gritty, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, it will be fun and non-judgmental of his disturbed lead when he establishes himself as an adult. To meet this goal, the film tries hard to be youthful. Its poster has hand-drawn letters similar to Juno. Its original soundtrack consists of fast indie rock trying to convince the audience that Hallam is OK; just a little misunderstood. But strangely, the film is anything but youthful. <br /> <br /> Like Young Adam, the film's central mystery revolves around a drowned woman - in this case, Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps his mystery quiet, contemplative and paced well enough to beat you with the truth as they come. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It prejudices his character's psychosis so clearly and so early that he never does anything beyond his expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his wooden house and sees his sister fool around with her boyfriend. Hallam interrupts quickly and claims his presence in the household. Here we see everything Hallam will do for the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery of her mother's drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by her father's girlfriend. The audience can never really rely on Hallam because, besides being scary, we think his obsession has brought him close to insanity. This prevented the mystery element for me because Hallam is too sporadic to be relatable. As soon as he has found some tracks that would support his demands, he runs away from home, initially it seems to be looking for the police. Then he becomes extremely sidetracked by a girl who looks like her mother, who frustrates the story away from the mystery element. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell brings some very ending features to his lost character, he was limited by the obvious of his psychological needs. This movie is by no means mysterious, but it is not blunt either. It is trying to be realistic in dealing with such problems, but it adds a very self-conscious spunk that records itself as the opposite. It goes to a soundtrack-heavy, trainspotting attitude to help the audience root to a protagonist who scales buildings, chooses locks and camps for voyeurism's sake. These urban peeping tom adventures Hallam engages are too difficult for an inward land boy to engage in and they are not sexy, giddy or comfortable. They are more neutral than anything; Do not induce the character or story. Mackenzie enables you to understand Hallam, but he fails to build common ground. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy Hallam's trials and trials without much ideological justification. The film is based on its audience's perspective on voyeurism / the kind of person who engages in it. Clearly, most would be disgusted with it. And Hallam Foe acknowledges it, but it doesn't let us see Hallam weighing moral decisions. He goes from person to person, trying to fill his deep vacuum. There is a particularly disturbing line from Hallam's love interest, Kate, where she drunk says "I love crazy boys", maybe ask the audience to do the same. The line is trying to foreshadow her understanding of him (her motivation remains vague throughout) and tries to promote us from judging him. It is not hard to like Hallam, but it is very difficult to participate in his adventure - if it is even an adventure. Still, the film tries to use its flamboyant soundtrack to cover its indecision. <br /> <br /> Great performances are balanced by a movie with a weak third act, muddy development and inevitable ambiguity from Mackenzie. Recently, this movie was re-named for a US release, and for what reason? Not only is it more uncomfortable, but the hard truth is that the Hallam character never earns the title of 'lose'.
