Proof of why Hollywood Conventions are in place. Stale dialogue, underdeveloped and flat characters and a contradictory story are only part of the problems with this gangster classic wannabe. An attempt to be brave and different, but this seems to be a slack-together attempt to recreate the magic of Arthur Penn's Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and George Roy Hill's Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative filmmakers and films - but well below the bar. Problems with stories are self-explanatory resulting in the need for a voiceover to explain problem sections. The editing is again shown as an attempt to duplicate the former classics, but is occasionally disjointed and causes more problems for me technically. Unnecessary shots are thrown in to justify the filming of them, but would have served the viewer better by sitting on the floor. Stills, black-and-white montage and period music are thrown in from time to time in attempts to either be different or cover up scenes that cannot transition well or to replace scenes that just didn't work and again reminiscent of Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). Too dramatic pauses between sentences, random images of surrounding scenery that were not needed for storytelling plus over-the-top action of bit-players and supporting actors reminded of the backyard's video camera directors in the late 1980s - I became left behind to wonder who was responsible for this film during production and during the post production. Music playback in most two shots and close-ups and then sudden stopping in big shots highlighted a weak musical score overall. No sound editing was drastically apparent, as the bulk of the movie was shot, door, footprint and dialogue (a style used in the late 60s through mid-70s by new directors), but lacking background noise, which makes it seem artificial - especially the deck creaking on gravel roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem for everyone is that there are no 'sympathetic' signs to the public for, nor were we led to see as the protagonists of history. Neither the gangsters nor the lawmakers were signs I wanted to see victories nor focused on as the "hero" - a necessity for any story to work for me. We know from Penn's and Hills movies where "the heroes" are. Although they are criminals, we like them and want to see them get away. I could care less who was on the screen in this movie. I got the impression that John Milius tried to deliver a non-historically accurate reenactment documentary of the events of John Dillenger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). To be fair, there are some moments of good solid storytelling that are moments shining from the dark and gloomy capsule where this movie sits. Fortunately, John Milius gets better in future movies, where he doesn't seem to be trying to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total waste, as many stars and famous faces, who were in charge of breaking out, are involved in this direct-oriented 'big budget' debut, but wait for it on a classic movie channel than spend money to rent or buy. <br /> <br />
