Hallam Foe tells the story of a boy who lost his mother and experiences a kind of Oedepus complex subsequently. It's something like 95 minutes long, but would be better in ten. There is like an hour in the middle, where he makes climbing on rooftops and habits in a church tower like Quasimodo (only he is much less sympathetic). There is a strange love story involved that doesn't mean 'I have nothing to do with anything. She looks like her mother, yes? We know he misses his mother, it was the first ten minutes. They should just have put the start and end together, and it would have been an O.K. short films. Now it is a portrait of a character that does not change. He is a guy who does things. The only active choice he has throughout the middle of the film is to apply for a job. <br /> <br /> There are all of this Oedepus thing going on that will make us analyze his character. He paints his face, dresss in women's clothes, and wears a dead badger on his head. A Badger! You have to see the end! He returns to his home with the bathrobe on his head (and it's shot like a sticky Horror movie) to kill his father's new wife (which he had sex with at the beginning). And somehow they thought it wouldn't be entertaining enough, so they put some indie punk music in the background. I have to admit though I'm allergic to movies that want to write a psychological complex on your nose. It feels like this MacKenzie instructor / guy / whatever is trying to show us that he has also studied psychology in school. You are so smart! Thanks for bringing all those forgotten theories back into our memories! You really dug! What a Wallraff! Okay so now I realized that this movie is based on a random book, yet. <br /> <br /> Photo gifts it's boring. Many talking heads. Plus the editor has changed the colors from scene to scene, you know cold and hot etc ... why? maybe "Hallam Foe" is both a function and a test film for color blind people. Or maybe they just thought that the drama would not be enough to tell us that he feels lonely so they turned blue so we really got it. I'm not even going to comment on the cliché indie-oh-how-how-how-cute drawings they've made in the presentation. And all the "sweet" sex stuff is going on. This whole movie is an independent cliché. But I recommend it. I laughed more than a couple of times. Although it is very annoying to be a film student and to see how shit like this comes through the machine.
