Anyone who visited driveways in the 1950s, 60s and 70s must have seen a movie or two by American International Pictures, a distributor resembling the giant Cannon Films of the 1980s. No matter where movie-goers ventured, AIP would be right there to deliver the latest vogue titles - in the 1950s, horror movies such as 'Voodoo Woman' and 'The Undead;' In the 60s, Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello was beach comedies and biker flicks like 'The Glory Stompers;' And in the 70s, AIP struck out the grains of gravel as 'Cannibal Girls' and 'Sugar Hill'. <br /> <br /> In 1973, 'Dillinger' is one of the more 'highbrow' AIP stakes capturing the true spirit of recording in filmmaking; It is one of the uneven, over-the-top flicks that satisfy the thirst for the masses of entertainment, craftsmanship and common sense. Overall, 'Dillinger' is typical of his era: entertaining and worth a few hours, but certainly not memorable. Powerful on action and short on both acting and historical fact, 'Dillinger' was a fair effort by manuscript director John Milius ('Magnum Force'), but left room for improvement in his extensive career. <br /> <br /> The 109-minute 'Dillinger' - epic for AIP's scope - follows the quest for FBI Midwest boss Melvin Purvis, played by Oscar winner Ben Johnson. Purvis was the investigator who sought revenge for four FBI agents killed in a Kansas City ambush in 1933, helping gangster Frank Nash escape justice. On the whole, the men apparently plotted that collapse, including expert bank robber John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly) and psychopath Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Dillinger eventually joined with Floyd and Nelson, who accepted Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He was also hooked with Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a prostitute for French and Indian extraction. While going on for several months in 1933-4, 'Dillinger' is basically a chase movie, with Purvis's entourage looking to run down and kill the men wanted by J. Edgar Hoover. <br /> <br /> 'Dillinger' has a documentary feel, listing dates and locations, while Johnson delivers loose story like Purvis. Milius holds an honest Depression look, using authentic fashion, cars, weapons and buildings; He also sprinkles around black and white photography and stock footage of gangster shootouts. The movie is never boring, moving fast, if at random the pace. The action scenes are Dillinger's strong point, edited by Fred Feitshans Jr in his last professional effort. Thousands of glossy ammunition rounds must have been used to make this film, not to mention pound of explosives. This movie is certainly not too squeamish, with people being shot and dropping death everywhere. Without violence, violence gives some understanding of the chaos that organized crime dumped on American life. <br /> <br /> However, this movie exceeds its utilization status because the necessary writing just isn't there. John Milius, something overrated as the filmmaker, places too much emphasis on action. The action scenes (mostly blood-filled shootouts) are impressive and comparable to any great crime film from its era, including 1967's "Bonnie and Clyde." But we simply don't understand much about Dillinger and his gang members as people; The decisive factor that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is hardly touched, as the couple meet in a bar during a scene and cavorting as lovers only ten minutes afterwards. Melvin Purvis also looks to wander in and out of the story, and becomes only a prominent figure when Milius needs to keep the film from unraveling. Too often, the movie takes a shoot-up persona when its characters could have been explored in detail. <br /> <br /> Apart from this, the biggest crime in the picture is ignorance of historical fact. While many say that 'Dillinger' is just a movie, the movie like this one that creates fables and makes them permanent. Those with knowledge of gangster history will point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his ring to die when Milius's acting and the film's documentary style encourage us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; He was also told not to carry a gun during the night of his death, nor did he have Billie Frechette tow. Although these inaccuracies can create a loud drama, there is no reason why Milius could not have stayed with facts and wrote a great story about them. <br /> <br /> Warren Oate's performance as Dillinger is quite good, though sometimes he doesn't look convincing. Oates is humorous and neatly portraying how Dillinger was consumed by his greater-than-life image in the American press; However, we never feel the threat he claimed in his lifetime. Ben Johnson gives some life to Purvis, suave but rather flat. Michelle Phillips brings feelings to the Billie Frechette character, and it is really too bad that Milius's manuscript did not flatten his relationship with Dillinger. We never learn what shot her a cold-blooded killer, except for the stereotype of an accompanying girl who is attracted to men of danger. The supporting role of Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis and a briefly prominent Cloris Leachman is acceptable to such a talent. As a piece of the 1970s 'Dillinger' shows up to the retail, which is exactly where I picked up MGM's DVD release for $ 4.99. The film is nicely presented in widescreen (a must for input tab) with subtitles in French and Spanish. Dillinger's theatrical trailer comes as a lonely extra. Far forgotten, with the exception of gangster movie fans and drive-in enthusiasts, the film doesn't require much else in the form of additional material. For fans of the genre, it is definitely worth checking out. <br /> <br /> ** out of 4 <br /> <br /> Roving Reviewer - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
