What about Dahmer's childhood? - The dual hernia operation supposed to have triggered his occupation with the human inner? What about "infinite earth"? - The game he invented as a child involved kept the men annihilated when they came too close together, suggesting that intimacy was the ultimate danger. What about the relationship between his parents and his emotional problems that were far more relevant than just his own relationship with his father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? What about his fascination with insects and animals? How would he dissect the roadkill and hang it up in the woods behind his home? What about focusing more on his cannibalism? And what about his parents' divorce? These are all things that should have been in the movie. Instead, the film producer chose to give us a water 'snapshot' from a night or two in his life and combine it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashbacks to events that were not even particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. <br /> <br /> Why didn't the filmmaker show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than humans? He could have done this point many times, especially in the scenes where he kills his victims while having sex with them (which actually took place in a health club, not a nightclub). Instead, he only shows him who hits them behind them. While I appreciate, there is only so much information you can get for 90 minutes (or how long), but why spend so much of a movie examining his relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this movie). My only guess is that the director was trying to build Pinet's character to try and make us fear or include him, but this movie was about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why couldn't he spend the 45 minutes on anything else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to justify such a time so fair enough, but it wasn't. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is an important part of the Jeffrey Dahmer story because it was the first killing and because of the impact that killing had for the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that it was his first killing or that he did not kill again in nine years. We assume because his hair style is different and he has wearing glasses that this is a flashback, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the sanctuary did he make in his living room at the end of his career? -One of the most important tracks we have to understand Dahmer and his motivations. <br /> <br /> Some people may find my need for accuracy in reality and detail a bit anal, but after studying Jeffrey Dahmer in depth, it is clear that this movie has very little in common with the person he was and the crimes he committed. Why bother spending time making a movie loosely based on Jeffrey Dahmer instead of tackling the real problems behind his descent into madness and the bloodbath that arose? Finally, a movie with subject as deterrent as this should have an 18 certificate, not a 15. We had to see his perversion more in-depth to understand how detached he was from the rest of us. It does not mean that the drill actually enters Konerak Sinthasomphone's head for example, but at least an indication of the amount of people he killed and what his Modus Operandi was when he actually killed. Anyone who sees this movie who does not know the story of Dahmer can get away because he had only killed a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> Apart from the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not so bad. There are some good film pictures and good performances from the two main characters. I would like to see this done again by a film producer who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film in the first place.
