I find it warmly and inspiring that the writing team behind such hopelessly ordinary Hollywood films like INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM, American Graffiti and HOWARD THE DUCK, would start their career with a low-budget exploitation horror movie like this one. Perhaps as a testament to the talent that would serve Willard Hyuck and Gloria Katz an Oscar nomination later in their respective careers, the Messiah of Evil has potential, but unfortunately it becomes frustrating exactly because it cannot muster the film-making ability to pull it off . <br /> <br /> The prerequisite involves a young girl traveling to a small coastal city in search of her painter who left for a while. It does not take long for the fragmented narrative to give up all hope and dive in the inconsistent absurdity - and for some time it seems admirably good to the point where you begin to think that perhaps the evil Messiah must be recovered from the shocked 70's exploitation as an example of artificial mystery horror. The surrealistic non-sequitals continue to dart when the daughter stumbled upon a young couple in a filthy hotel room in town to do a research on the local legend of "blood moon", a scruffy and half-fat alcoholic (played by it big Elisa Cook Jr. in perhaps the movie's best scene) warning her father only of allegedly found dead in an alley "eaten by dogs a little later, the blind old lady who owns the local art gallery and who has inexplicably removed all her father's paintings from the store and last but not least a retarded, murderous, squirrel-eating albino. Part of the movie's charm is precisely this bridle of bargain-cellar artsy surrealism that tolerates logic and genre conventions every step of the way. With Lynch, it is obviously a talented creator's sign, with the evil Messiah, the boundaries between the 'intentional', the 'unintentional' and 'do not expect it to come out this way, but it is good enough - WRAP SCE NE "blur hopelessly. <br /> <br /> Take, for example, the dual narrative flowing in and out of the image into a drug-gathering feverish stream of consciousness, one coming from the daughter she walks from place to place on her father and it another tells of his father's voice when she reads her diary. <br /> <br /> While still talking about a living death image, the Messiah of Evil is different and solved only - at least with current predictions of what a zombie film is supposed to be. The origin of the living dead here is a 100-year-old curse that was donated to the city by a mysterious 'Dark Stranger', which one day came from the forest. Meanwhile, Hyuck finds time for excerpts of mass consumption criticism in a meat-eating supermarket scene that takes place over a number of years (you can hear the MST3K line already: "Man is dead, only his capitalist food tins remain") and a nicely thought but poor Performed similar scene in a cinema. I generally think that the surrealistic work in meticulous, well-measured doses - how is it absurd to work if it is not hidden within the normal? Hyuck just seems to smear it all over the picture, and by making it dangerous he overloads his hand, for example, when albino picks up a girl who hacks her way to the city and eats a squirrel in front of her, you can almost imagine the director blinking meaningfully to the audience, amused and content with his own haninks . <br /> <br /> The overall film production level is also quite low - after the halfway mark, the pace is confused and the story is tiring and obviously no place is and not very fast either. In addition, the choppy editing, average-acting and Hyuck's overall inability to capture true atmosphere - the coastal city's empty streets are criminally abused - and I will send the Messiah under 'missed opportunity', but still grindhouse afficionados will find enough to appreciate - even though it is not particularly gory, trashy or sleazy.
