Skullduggery is a strange, strange movie based on the novel "Ye Shall Know Them" by Vercors. Releasing criticism on the film feels really unfriendly, as it is a film dealing with serious themes like humanity, and grounds for upright moral standards and tolerance. But despite its honest intentions and the well-meaning tone, Skullduggery is simply not a very good movie. To me, the main problem is the terribly dissimilar narrative that cannot think of how best to convey its message. The first half of the movie is like watching a standard jungle expedition flick by Tarzan ilk; later it stretches into the sci-fi fable; at the end it slides into the courtroom melodramatic. The differences in tone between each section of the film are too large to destroy, to overlook. They stick out like a tender thumb and constantly remind you that you see a confused, disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition in the jungles of New Guinea is led by the adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the most important archaeologists involved in the excursion is attractive lady researcher Dr Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a hard trek, they stumble across a trunk of strange monkey-like creatures. These primitive, far-lost people are covered in hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or affected by the development of the modern man in any way. There are some signs that they can ancestors of the early man ?? the "missing link" in the development of monkeys to humans. Or maybe a race of people who simply look and behave differently than normal? Or even a race of animals that have begun to develop human characteristics? The archaeologists call the tribe "Tropi" and are originally thrilled by the consequences of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when the nasty opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares that he intends to exploit the tribe and their idyll on behalf of developers. He questioned whether Tropi really is "human" and takes his argument to the courts where he hopes to get legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> This was a very early movie in Reynold's career and he is actually unbalanced this movie by acting as though he is in a comedy while the rest of the player takes it all very seriously. Not that Reynolds can be due? He has an impossible role, asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to a Tarzan flick. His character and the film are not relevant to each other. Clark fares much better than the serious lady archaeologist, and there are good support roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. A major deficiency in Skullduggery is the lame and ineffective makeup used to give Tropi their weird hair look. Instead of getting the actors to look like trustworthy hominoids, the stuck hair simply makes them look inadvertently comic. And that's just not the right idea. We are meant to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but it is very hard when they look so convincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been exciting, philosophical and stimulating. The honorable intentions are there for everyone to see, but the end result does not make them fair. A worthy failure it may be, but a failure anyway.
