While the overall idea of ​​escape from Atlantis was exciting, I found the movie to be far less than I had hoped for by reading the plot summery. Maybe I'm too much of a child in the technological age: The film was made, as it is now 2002, an official five years ago - after watching fantasyepics as the ringtone, and science fiction feats like Star Wars as a whole could not compared to other films of the same line as Dinotopia or Homer's Odyssey. My beef is basically that I couldn't relate - I'm just about the same age of the kids (a young adult) and have no trouble putting me in the place of a middle-aged man, if that is the nature available. But the picture didn't take me to another mental existence. I didn't find myself saying 'ACK! I would have done the same! '. It hasn't opened the doors to my imagination. Even without comparing it to high-budget movies or other television films, alone, certain aspects of the function stand out as cliché: The character development of the children happened too quickly in my opinion, seeing too much of the stereotypical selfish teenager -bitter-after Divorce picture that changes into what we are-a-great-happy-family-let's-never-separated-again feel that can ultimately make or break a picture in the long run. Even the characters themselves could have undergone improvements: a typical set of one or the other stereotypes. There was the ever-present selfish beauty that resembled being rebellious, accompanied by Mr. Perfect image of combining athletics, good looks and intelligence, yet an exciting attitude and finally, the smart little brother seems to be so common these days. While I know the personalities pushed the story together, I think adding more individuality to shades and more unique differences would have made it a more enjoyable - and credible (as far as character) movie. <br /> I have to raise my glass for the costume and set design - it made it worth finishing to the end for me. Don't make me wrong: All movies are worth seeing for yourself, and a person's perception can never account for many, but I think with a little more depth on the manuscript and a little more (I can't believe I say this) Reality, I dare say Flygt from Atlantis could have been magical.
