The main problem with the documentary "Czech dream" is that it doesn't really say what it says. <br /> <br /> In a bold - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - act of street theater, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student film players from the Czech Republic, beat a large corporate hoax to form the basis of their film: deliberately created a false "hypermarket" (the Eastern European equivalent of Costco or Wal Mart Super Store), built an entire advertising campaign around it - packed with billboards, radio and television spots, an official logo, a captivating theme song and photos of fake items - and then waited to see how many "dopes" would be on the opening day. They even built a provisional facade to convince people that the store actually existed. <br /> <br /> One might ask, "Why does such a thing?" Well, that is a very good question, but the answer the filmmakers give is not everything that satisfies one. In essence, it is explained that the purpose of the stunt was to show how easily people can be manipulated to believe in something - even something that is not true - just through advertising power. And the filmmakers run for moral coverage, claiming that the "real" (ie, higher) purpose of charade is to convince the Czech people not to fall for any advertising that encourages them to join the EU. Fair enough - especially when you find that the actual advertisers who agree to join the stunt dispute the unethical nature of lying to customers, justifying their fraud cooperation by claiming to be a form of "research "in what works and does not work in advertising. In a way, these ad men and women are allowing themselves to be caught on the camera, making these remarks, as many dupes of filmmakers as the poor unsuspecting people who are the primary target of ruse. <br /> <br /> But in many ways, the satirical arrow hits not only its goal, the ironic reset right back to the very filmmakers who launched it. For it is them and not the kindhearted and naturally trusting people who ultimately come out as the unethical and classless here, as they continue to fool out of decent people, some of them old and disabled and forced to travel long distances on foot to get to the place. And what should all this prove anyway? That people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket looking for good deals? Or that they are stupid and trustworthy because they do not suspect that there may not be a real market, even if you have been announced? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would make it practically impossible to operate in the real world. No, I'm afraid that this smart-alecky, scary little "stunt" only shows what complete and complete jerk filmmakers are to make some really good people feel like idiots. And many of them, when they finally discover the trick that has been played on them, react with grace and good humor, I'm not sure I would be able to muster if I were to find myself in their position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying the movie isn't poignant - something akin to experiencing a massive traffic accident in action - but when the dust is finally settled and all the disappointed customers return red and empty their home, We certainly assert that they are not the ones who should be ashamed.
