When I watched this movie, I heard all the hype, and I heard people say that Denzel deserved Oscar with his Golden Globe, and I thought he should have done an excellent job as Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was mistaken. I realize that people are saying this not to anger African American society (if they are not African Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never nominated and how they should have won. Sometimes it is true (not so much today) because Whoppi Goldberg should have won the best actress for The Purple Purple and the movie should have won the best picture. The only reason this movie was as blunt as it was is that people see a movie about an African-American (* SEMI-SPOILER *) adversity during a very racist period, and they automatically feel it as a masterpiece. <Denzel Washington is an excellent actor, but his role in this movie has not affected me at all. I was sorry for him in the movie, and his acting here resembled his role in Malcolm X, but not so well. The audience must leave believing this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the movies to worship this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book and made it a manly man. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (most steal) were only for survival, nothing more. People felt sorry for themselves, even though drug dealers and thieves probably accounted for as much of the same reasons, but were seen down in society. Everything in this movie is trying to portray this man as a saint (apart from the obvious adultery he had with his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife), but why wouldn't it - after all, that is his point of view. I don't like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) that are based on "true" stories because they usually distort the "true" parts for something else, something not so true. This was his point of view and a Hollywood construction, but everyone thought it was the truth undoubtedly. Well I examined his past a bit before making any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. Not only what is still possible to kill these people. If you don't believe me, search for him on the internet and read the articles some people have about him. The boxing match he claimed to have won so easily was actually won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there is a tie to prove it. In addition, there are many twisted and deliberately omitted facts in this film. The support was the best people I've ever seen on Earth's surface, and their "fine and perfect" persona looked hard to stop. <br /> <br /> This movie was a Hollywood version of yet another unfortunate true story that remains to be told properly. Denzel's plays are outdated and supporting cast's Mickey Mouse attitudes are annoying. The movie also begins very slowly and is boring.
