I have this movie out of the library right now and I haven't finished watching it. It's so bad that I'm in disbelief. Audrey Hepburn had completely lost her talent at the time, even though she had almost finished it in 'Robin and Marian'. This is the worst thing about this horrible silly movie. It's really only of interest because it was her last feature film and because of the Dorothy Stratten look just before her murder. There is nothing but idiocy between Gazzara and his peers. Small signals and small arches and nods to true scrubbing comedy, this being the weakest, sharpest shadow. <br /> <br /> Who could believe there are even some of the same Manhattan surroundings that Hepburn inhabited so magically and even mystically in 'Breakfast at Tiffany' twenty years earlier? The soundtrack of old Sinatra songs and the Gershwin song where the title is taken is too loud and obvious - you don't have to wait for the credits to find out that something was subtly woven into the cine music in the picture knowing when the songs blew out at you. <br /> <br /> "Returning to type" means going back and going down again, I think. In this case, Audrey Hepburn's smart European lady is everything you see for someone who was previously an actress and always a star. Here she has even lost her talent as a star. If someone whose talent continued to grow during the time that Ann-Margret had played the role, there would have been some life in it, even in view of the incredibly poor materials and Mongoloid-level situations. <br /> <br /> Hepburn was a great person, of course, bigger than most movie stars ever dreamed of being, and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful film actors. After this terrible performance, she continued to make a horrible television movie with Robert Wagner called 'Love Among Thieves'. In 'They all do' it is as if she is still playing an object in the 50s. Even very oblivious and of course less intelligent actresses who insisted on doing this as Lana Turner were infinitely more effective than Hepburn. Turner started acting seriously even when she was poor. Hepburn doesn't take it seriously, couldn't be bothered by it; Even her hair and clothes look tacky. Her last really good work was in 'Two for the Road', perhaps her most perfect if it wasn't her best in many ways. <br /> <br /> And the girl playing the country's songs is just illness. John Ritter is horrible, there is simply nothing to recommend this movie except to see Dorothy Stratten, who was really beautiful. Otherwise, the critic David Thomson's frequently used phrase "losing his talent" has never gained more meaning. Ben Gazarra had lost all sexual appeal at that time, and then we have 2 movies with Gazarra and Hepburn - Who could ask for anything less? Sandra Dee's last, pitiful movie "Lost" from 2 years later, a low budget nothing, had more to it than this. At least Mrs Dee spoke in her own voice; in 1981 Audrey Hepburn's accent just sounded stupid; She would continue to make PBS 'Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn' and her somewhat annoying accent as she goes through English gardens with aristocrats or grows carefully about 'what I like most is when flowers go back to nature ! 'as in naturalized daffodils, but in an actual fictitious movie it just sounds ridiculous. <br /> <br /> To believe that 'Breakfast that Tiffany's' was such a deep kind of bright poetic thing with Audrey Hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world - she was definitely one of the most beautiful screen preferences in 'My Fair Lady' that matched Garbo in several things and Delphine Seyrig in 'Last Year at Marienbad.' And then this! And her last short role as the angel 'Hap' in the Spielberg movie 'Always' was just more of the lady stuff - corny, vitless and stifling. <br /> <br /> I went to her memorial at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, a beautiful service that included a boys choir singing the Shaker hymn Simple Gifts. The only thing not mentioned in the program was the sudden play of Hepburn's song 'Moon River' on the fire at the 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' and it brought many emotions and some real tears into the ward. <br /> <br /> A great lady who was once a fine actress (as in 'The Nun's Story') and one of the greatest and most beautiful movie stars in many films from the 50s and 60s who became a really bad one - it's not all that common. And perhaps it is only a great person who, by making such things as movie shows trivial, still has the soul to have the errors pointed out mercilessly - as all his late film works contained in abundance. Most of the talk about Hepburn's miscasting is about 'My Fair Lady.' But the one who should have had the original actress was "Wait Untill Dark" who had starring Lee Remick on Broadway. Never celebrated as Hepburn, she was a better actress in many ways (Hepburn was totally incapable of playing something really sordid), though Hepburn was at least sufficient in that part. Then his whole play went downhill.
