I have heard a lot about this movie while people are writing me and telling me that I should see it as a fan of extremely bloody gory movies. I got my hands on it almost immediately, but some thing always kept me from seeing it - until now. I would have been better off remembering I had it myself. <br /> <br /> This movie was horrible. The worst thing, however, is that it could have been so much better than it actually was. I know it was a story of Clive Barker and everyone, and no I haven't read that story - but it seems to me that if you don't, you like me were completely unclear and totally disappointed. <Br /> <br /> The movie starts well enough - the actors are convincing, the story interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to catch your attention. I thought the blood looked a little bad, but since it was the very first scene, I later hoped for improvement. I was mistaken. <br /> <br /> Blood and effects are so horrible, it was almost an insult to my intelligence, which is expected to believe, for example, that one person could hit a person's head just outside the shoulders by using only a slaughter ham. WTF? CGI blood (have they even used some "real" blood at all? My homemade things look better than anyone in this movie!), Incredible actions of dismemberment (eyeballs jumping straight from being hit in the back of the head ; cut out nicely - nobody remembers that there are BONES throughout our body?!), for dark scenes (each scene is either a strange yellow color or hidden in shadows) ... it just gets worse and worse. I found myself pointing out mistakes after a mistake. There is just too much. Add it to the fact that what could have and should have been a great serial killer movie becomes a demonic / supernatural / monster movie at the end ... no thanks! It should have been kept as a creepy guy who beat people in the subway - OK, with a conspiracy theory thrown in and a lavish photographer. Maybe they murder people and sell the meat through the meat plant? Plausible, doable ... and much better, I think than the "real" story. It could have and should have worked. Instead, it became a "creature that lives at the end of the old tunnel, and everyone knows about it, but you, and unless you read the book, well ... you'll just never understand it" failure. Tragically, what a horrible thing to do with a movie with such potential. If you like thoughtless false blood and do, you will love this. But if you have a half brain in your head then you will completely hate it. Stay away - far away.
