I heard and read many promising things about "Midnight Meat Train" based on a short story written by no less than Clive Barker and allegedly the best fit of his work since the original "Hellraiser" which he himself instructed, but so far I can only express very mixed feelings about my viewing experience. The most appropriate expression to summarize the entire movie with just one word is: nausea! The violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatical young horror enthusiasts, but it is also indescribably free and exploitative. Usually I am very pro-violence, but at least it should serve some kind of purpose. The slaughterhouse ?? literally ?? depicted in the "Midnight Meat Train" is intended only to shock and pursue the viewers with weak nervous systems and easily drive the stomach, and even that is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are several shortcomings, some even bigger than the meaningless gore, but maybe I should first focus on the good elements. The basic concept is absolutely promising, and several sequences (such as the hunt in the freezer compartment) literally jump with nail-biting tension and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, pacing is very uneven, and the preparation of the potentially stunning plot becomes unnecessarily unnoticed. Presumably, the treatment of a brief story in a long feature film scene is responsible for the pacing irregularities, but I honestly feel they could have done more with the degradation as well as with the character of Vinnie Jones. The plot introduces Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York whose agent advises to search for the truly threatening face in the city through monstrous images. Leon is then obsessed with stalking an introvert and suspiciously performing butcher who is always waiting for the midnight train. Leon is right, as the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the murderer's motivations and behavior indicate that there is something far more extensive on the rails at night. The "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing places such as underground stations on night and animal battles, plus the film also benefits good actors and a truck of exactly disturbing images (such as carcass carcasses and train-carriages). But director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not fully exploit it all. The ending leaves many questions unanswered, and although Clive Barker intended to have this, I still think we deserved a slightly more precise finale. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat exciting and absolutely joking movie, but not without standard. It is not meant for easily offended viewers, but perhaps people who are looking for coherence and clarity should also leave it alone.
