I don't know why, but I thought I've seen this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe it was the way the poster looked, I don't know. Still, it was pretty promising at the beginning. And even throughout the function, there were some bright moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of the atrocities, and I don't see them much, but this actually looked fresh at times. But the rest of it is not so good. Laughable at times. The movie is slow, sometimes you get bored, you would forget what the story was about. Signs are also not good. Everybody. The butcher is OK, seems creepy and crazy enough. Although I didn't get what were these nice things on his chest (the whole scene just looked fake and black out of blue), and why did he pick them up in jars in the home? The main line is common. His character is really hard to believe and very undeveloped. But I think it's the scenario's fault. Like why did he cry when he took pictures of his girlfriend? Side molding is also poor. But the most important thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when will women in horror movies have brains? It's ridiculous. The girl finds out that a madman took his girlfriend camera, tries to go to the police, it fails, and then she thinks of the best idea ever. Why don't we go and take it! I know where madman lives! Yup! It swells! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then go into the room, see a bag that wasn't there before, and just see an inside. Maybe the camera is there? Not there. But lots of interesting things. Shiny. Mmmm. Realizing that the bag means the butcher came back is too difficult for his little little brain. So of course the never ending "falling while running away" trick that really made it look bad. So to put the last nail into the character, at the end of the film, she enters the cart FULL with dead bodies hanging feet up, screaming "Noooo" as if she has just ripped her Gucci bag and goes further into the cart . .. Jeez. Come on. No one else thinks it's just, stupid? Just awful. If her character wasn't that bad, the movie might get another star or two from me. And I would even forgive the MMT characters who can hit a head in the head with a steel hammer (the guy on the train that the conductor killed), butcher's vest that can protect against bullets, nice and inexpensive-looking monsters in the end (I didn't do not read Clive Barker's novel, so I have no idea where these monsters came from), the fact that no one cared that hundreds (judges on the skeletons in the dungeon) disappeared in the city and the protagonist who did not bleed to death then he got his tongue torn out (he hardly noticed what I guess). Oh, and the predictable end. Damn, I knew the final half way in, it's just disappointing. The only reason I still give credit to the decision makers is that the movie generally looks better than most of the horrors I've seen over the last few months. Visual style is nice, some shots were really nice and good CGI that made the kittens look really brutal. (although blood didn't work right) I think some people will enjoy it, some like I will see it, if there is nothing else to look at, some will definitely hate it.
