Virtually an advertisement for Republicanism that you will ever see, "Mayerling" is an everyday story of royal folk music at the end of the nineteenth century Austria. During one of Europe's seemingly incessant internal disturbances, it is about the emperor Franz Joseph (Mr James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Omar Sharif) Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret policemen, spies, extravagant-uniform popinjays , gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses and the bizarre inbred web of European royalty at the time of Franz Joseph's East-Hungarian empire. Filmed in what the old movie posters used to call "A Riot of Color", it looks no more than a cultured but intellectually challenged production of the "Student Prince". Mr James Mason, who carries a very accurate little white number, uses his all -purpose mittel-European accent when he remembers. I am a great admirer of his, and I sincerely hope that the remuneration was skewed to the distant one he clearly felt for the character he played. Sir. Omar Sharif, who built a career largely based on looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and so soulful, gives a stupefyingly monotonous performance as his son's crown prince. He is absolutely convincing as a man who - in the film At least cut a swing through the Austrian aristocracy. Because of his well-stocked locks in place, he worsens and becomes increasingly unlikely to be uniform. As a rebel, he talks to the speakers, but fails to go on the trip and leaves a The bottom button, which is enchanted by one of his tunic, is about what his moves go. Unfortunately, married, he falls in love with a regular. Forbidden love is one of the movie's coming. As she is played by the most unusual Miss Catherine Deneuve he hardly pushes the envelope there. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for, and we see quite a lot of it, especially in the order put on the ballet. Now I love the ball as much as the next man, but this order seems to be going on too much time, a more cynical critic may consider being "padding". Rudolf's mother, Empress is played by Miss Ava Gardner. She gives the section some good old American oooomphs that make her a bit like "Aunt Mame", but it's done with undeniable style. Rudolf is certainly very happy with his mother - I don't want to put it stronger than that. The only show worth considering is James Robertson Justice, like Sir Lancelot Spratt - sorry Edward, Prince of Wales. He's so wonderfully unconcerned about everything going on around him. It is a joy to see. I waited in vain for him to ask Rudolf the immortal question "What is the bleeding time?". I am not qualified to dispute the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but in my opinion everything else about it is risible. It's a Ruritanian Opera Buffa without the tunes to send you home from the theater flute.
