Is it the same Kim Ki Duk who led the exciting lifetime concept of "spring, summer, autumn, winter and spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who controlled the exquisite, almost silent, heartbreaking longing for "3 Iron"? Same Kim Ki Duk, who dazzled us with the astonishing tragedy of the "Coast Guard" and made us skew over the creepy teenage prostitution before returning to his almost patented nature motif to give us all (characters and viewers alike) to experience redemption in "Samaritan Girl"? I just can't seem to find him in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, sure, Kim's nature motif is still present. The film takes place exclusively on a lake surrounded by mountains and on fishing fleets that rest quietly on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, okay. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in the DVD's special features. But I'm no longer sure what that means after seeing this putrescent presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful with evil, potty-mouthed prostitutes, merry, violent and potty-mouthed fishermen, a crazed stupid merchant, explicitly expensive torture, self-indulgence, and a pace that swings uncomfortably between bestial carnality and mindless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this completely confusing and ultimately meaningless movie. If it is based on a fable or is calculated as a parable or is supposed to be symbolic of something greater, this reviewer is not familiar with the source material. It has been positive compared to "Japanese director Takashi Miike" (Japanese director Takashi Miike), much to Kim's satisfaction, but apart from some amazingly good performances, especially considering what to do with leading actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Sigh, I find little reason to recommend this movie. I haven't seen "Audition", but I doubt it will in any way change my view of "The Isle". Its violence is pornographic and meaningless sadistic. Its sex is not pornographic, but passionate and masochistic. Characters behave at annoying impulses because there is no plot. Its point is either non-existent, or I will admit, lost to Korean cultural quirks, which I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in the cinematography that is classic Kim: toe-holed both patches Slowly across a serene lake, mountainous terrain dominates the background and an imaginative and playful use of color. At times, it looks as though viewers are locked in a large Kim Ki Duk room room. Some touches, as the mysterious and seductive stupid merchant played by Jung and the pleasantly strange use of motorcycles, are exciting. But as a movie, this action is quite confusing and ultimately offensive to the senses, not necessarily to sensibilities. One hopes that Kim will leave this kind of film production in his trashop of the past, because we know he is capable of much more.
