Let me start by saying that I would read a number of reviews before renting this movie and kind of, knowing what to expect. Still, I was surprised at how bad it was. <br /> <br /> I'm a big werewolf fan, and have become accustomed to forgiving a lot when you see one. Most of them have sub-par effects, bad action and weak stories (at best rehashed from previous movies). So far with the possible exception of some of the later "Howling" series films, this is the worst of the party. First, the story. It has been quoted several times in reviews on this site so I will not go into details. However, it is very clear that the author (s) had no affinity for lycantropic monsters. As so often happens when a horror movie is given to an author who considers himself "over" such a fare, they tried to come up with a new spin on the werewolf mythos. That's fine, but a non-scary fan trying to do this has generally ignored the intelligence and sophistication of the horror audience and ends up writing down to them. The plot feels like a parody of werewolf movies, and the depicted events just ring so wrong that I felt my intelligence was seriously offended. TV news films, for example, never pan away from the reporter to close anybody in the crowd behind them. Give the characters and viewers credit to see the evil guy in the scene without using a flashing neon sign. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> In terms of effects, I've never seen a less credible werewolf. I would have been happier with Lon Chaney Jr. in crepe hair. The animal they used looks a lot like ... good as a guy in a cheap rubber boot with some hair glued on and some really awful animatronics. And I know that many people have already criticized CG, but my God it was terrible. A scene has a woman who switches and starts with a whole CG version of the actress, naked but for some reason without nipples. My first thought was, "Hey, why is one of the characters from 'ReBoot' to a stupid-looking werewolf? <br /> <br /> Whatever, I like to look for positives in any movie and there was The kinematics were acceptable (the film was shot completely digital, which is interesting) and some of the performances were not terrible. It was also interesting to see Tippi Hedron as the world's most well-built homeless woman and Kane Hodder as the title of bad guy. yellow power ranges were all grown up and ... well, enemy.And if you are looking for skin, there are some pretty tasty examples, this completes the male pig segment in the review. <br /> <br /> In general, if you want a good werewolf film, try "An American werewolf in London", the original "The Howling", "Dog Soldiers" or even "The Wolfen" (although one has more wolf than was) .If you are a lycanthrope complete Then take a gander, otherwise give this a lady.
