Despite having known people who are either big fans of Noam Chomsky, or think he is a tired relic of the 1960s, I really had no meaning of the man unless I knew he was known as a linguist, even though I could not clarify any of his theories and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist fates. Then stumble across the DVD from the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky: Rebel Without A Pause in a Used Video Store, a movie that followed him on a 2002 trip to his book 9-11, I decided to get it, just so I could Having a little knowledge of the man next time a person, pro or con, talked about him. Although I was happy to get the movie, my first reaction to this boring and badly edited hagiography was so much too much? <br /> <br /> For a man of so many degrees, boasting as "the main intellectual living" of the New York Times, according to the DVD's, there probably wasn't much there, intellectually. I know I would chew him and spit him out in a debate and I wouldn't even want to see what a William F. Buckley could do with him. Encouraged, the whole movie was apparently about Chomsky seeing conspiracies everywhere, and having glazed eye coeds nod in confusing approval of the most inane and outrageous things he would say, rather than being in linguistics, so maybe that's why he came then bad. But again, if he is a linguist and tops in his field, why in the world will anyone worry about what he has to say about something outside his area of ​​expertise? Even worse are his acolytes who seem to isolate the man further from reality by promoting delusions that Chomsky is a target of Zionist assassins. How little I knew about Chomsky before I watched this movie, I knew a lot: he was generally considered one has been and largely irrelevant intellectually since the fall of the Soviet Union. The film is so poorly structured, and without a storyline, it is difficult to separate the entire jumble. His wife, Carol, for example, apparently gave an interview that was cut and dropped anywhere in the movie. She seems like a good enough woman, but totally out of her element that answers anything but the most basic questions of their life. The only interesting thing she says is that 9/11 was a great thing for Chomsky's, because he has reaped much money in talking fees since then. <br /> <br /> Not surprisingly, this type of film gives almost no biographical background. It is believed that all viewers must know all the plaudits of this 'great man' bear. Chomsky is rarely interviewed one by one. Stylistically, there are no camera movements, no interesting edits or any signature touches, and most of the film is disjunctive rambles of Chomsky, video-filmed huzzahs of Chomsky, who climb on this or that, and slack-jawed and awed students look at him as if he were insignificant, that is when dimwitted coeds do not ask him audibly and ridiculously simplified questions. This is really bad movie production by director and editor Will Pascoe, as in the DVD movie magazine statement, showing that he is yet another uncritical acolyte of Chomsky. Apart from that, one of the safest signs is that this is not an objective documentary, but only an agitator and a vanity piece of agitator, that it is not a single time that Chomsky has proved to be struggling with an answer. He seems to be a font of knowledge that has no boundaries. When much of this boy was filmed during Chomsky's lecture at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, before the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what Chomsky says, seems to be distant as things from the Vietnam War era. Yes, he does some good points here and there about American media competition before the war, but he follows them up with pure lunacy, for he doesn't seem to realize that most conspiracies are ad hoc and not fully plotted solitaire. For example, he argues that the advertising industry is a solitaire that effortlessly manages the population, but does not say a word about the Zambian population that allows it to control itself. Similarly, he claims that trilateralists are running the world and that people's fear of crime is still a cable's outcome. Of course, this claim fully explains away rape crisis centers and everything that wastes time and money district lawyers offices consume. He also makes the absurd claim that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades when Castro and company were major sponsors of it, in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the Soviet Union fell. I can only guess that the UFO conspiracists are just waiting for Chomsky to announce that the gray aliens have created species mixing impregnation centers in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In its humble world without grays, Chomsky is frighteningly as close as members of Bushco as he is reviled; even more, as they do not claim to be intellectual. In short, Chomsky is a man who previously lived over the head of most problems and out of his depth intellectually. Near this movie, he concludes: "Be careful when you hear about intellectuals who are fighters of justice," but you can only laugh when the man has never met a revolutionary person or idea he could not suffer no matter how barbarous their crimes and their anti-intellectuals. Please wait before wasting your time and money on this silly and already irrelevant DVD.
