Hi, I am a friend of werewolf movies, and when I saw the title Darkwolf that hit the shelves, I was like "hmm, simple and good name for it at least. Althou ... I wonder why I haven't heard of it before. "<br /> <br /> First of all, the movie starts with breasts. Lots of breasts. Breasts are pretty much all this movie budget went to. Who cares about a werewolf effect, just pay enough actresses to get topless shots! So about the mysterious darkwolf character (a little upset in front, but who really cares ...) He is your average everyday biker. Not even super-hard-looking, but as the old wise woman says in the movie "He is far more powerful and dangerous than you have ever faced before." Just by describing her a tattooed biker type of a guy. Beautiful original. I had even looked twice when they first used the "red glowing eyes" special effect! I believe my God that the "salmon-plant-red-dot-on-eyes-with-computer" effect has been used since the seventies. It looks quite ugly here! And let me not get started with werewolf 3D-CGI. As I said earlier, like a bad and old video game. <br /> <br /> And finally, I like werewolf movies as I said. They always prettymuch build a werewolf legend of their own. Darkwolf also builds the wolf world about some stupid legends of hybrid werewolves and the ancient bloodline. BUT. It almost immediately after creating the rules of engagement "darkwolf kills any girl has touched" starts randomly slashing. What just doesn't make sense why even disturb us to tell us the killing rules when they don't even want to play them ... The Aplus Wolf-Point-of-View shots are made with a Sony Handycam or something, filming mostly floor and walls. Simply add grueling sounds and you have a super werewolf effect. Gore is partly OK. But when the wolf cuts everyone with an open hand, just by putting his hand on top of the victims, it just doesn't matter to me ... Really, WHO gives money to make those lots of junk straight-to-video horrortitles, They are not even funny kind of movies, just sad.
