Recap: Full Moon. A being, a great werewolf, is on the hunt. Not for meat, not for blood (not that it seems to take a bite on its way), but for a companion. He's in search of a girl. Not any girl though. The girl. The girl is clean (and also a werewolf, although she still doesn't know it). Three, then check that two police (after the first scene) and an old bag lady are all that can stop it, or even know that the thing that kills and eats many people around the full moon is a werewolf . This particular powerful werewolf, Darkwolf, closes in on the girl. If he gets her, mankind is doomed. Now the police have to find the girl, convince her not only that there is someone, a werewolf who still wants to rape her and maybe kill her, but that she herself is a werewolf. And then they had to stop him ... <br /> <br /> Comments: This is one of the boys, teenage boys. A lot of scenes with semi-nude girls more or less important to the plot. Mostly less. Well, I think you need something to fill a little time because the plot is (expected) thin. And unfortunately there is little besides the girls helping the plot from breaking. You usually turn to two main themes. Nudity. Check. And so special effects. Hmm ... Well, there are some things you can call effects. However, they are not very special. In fact, being blunt, they are very bad. The movie seems to suffer from lack of funds. They couldn't afford clothes for some of the girls;) and the effects are cheap. Some of the transformations between werewolf and human form, of course done by computer, are really bad. You can overlook such things. But the Darkwolf itself is also very raw, and you never see any killing. Just some mutilated bodies afterwards. And there is surprisingly little blood left in a movie that should honestly be soaked in blood. I'm not sure what to say about actors and characters. Most times they do it well, but unfortunately there are lapses where the characters (or actors) just lose it. A few of these failures may be associated with the above problems. Like the poor effects, or the bad budget (?). It could explain why there is valuable little shooting, even though the characters are armed as a small army, and the target is in pure view (and not moving). But hi, when you are in real danger, there is nothing that will save your life as a good one-liner ... Unfortunately, it can't explain moments when Cop, Steve, the only one who knows how to deal with the problem, the werewolves who run away when the only things he can be sure of is that werewolf comes to the girl who is just next to him and that he can not let it get her. But it allows decision makers to stretch the ending a little more ... <br /> <br /> But I didn't mind seeing that none of the leading actors / actors get another try in another movie. <br /> Now. To give a small conclusion: Not a movie that I recommend. <br /> <br /> 3/10
