DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who had lived a fairly ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) is killed by a werewolf you see that werewolves actually exist in modern America and there is even a special police force organization to combat the werewolf threat led by detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is actually a purebred werewolf herself and that a so-called "dark prince" werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with her and create a new breed of pure bloodwolves that will take over the whole world or something. Understandably, Josie has difficulty believing it, that is, until she sees the evidence with her own eyes. It's up to Werewolf cop Steve to save Josie, the day and the world ... Co-executive produced and directed Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf was a pretty bad low budget shot on a digital video camera horror movie it didn't really matter to me. The script by Geoffrey Alan Holliday starts promising enough to be put in a strip club with lots of naked boobs on the show and then there is a werewolf attack that leaves someone bursting everywhere, but after this decent opening sequence it's pretty much downhill all over The way I'm scared. For a start it's slow, it's boring, it's predictable and it's populated with very annoying character that comes out with a lot of poor dialogue and does stupid things like when they have the opportunity to shoot the werewolf they don't do, I have No idea why, but they just prefer to stand there instead. The script is stupid and doesn't explain itself, why has Josie never turned into a werewolf before? Is she really the only one? Why can't this "dark prince" find another female werewolf? There are also lots of other things that have no meaning like an old book, which by fist seems quite important, but is so completely forgotten halfway through, but you get the idea anyway, as a whole the film goes together in very linear fashion to a very predictable climatic showdown that is sublime to say the least. Director Friedman illuminates the film quite well with bright neon but it notes new or original and does not improve the film as a spectacle. Now let's talk to special effects or rather the lack of them, because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the Werewolf transformation is achieved by CGI, and it's one of the worst looks CGI I've ever seen. Seriously, a Playstation would be embarrassed by this computer graphics. It's easily the worst Werewolf transformation I've ever seen. An American werewolf in London (1981) was made over 25 years ago, but the special effects are literally light years ahead of those seen in DarkWolf, saying that special effects have improved over the years? The animatronic puppet effects are not much better, even though there is at least something mental on the screen. Gore is not too much after a gory opening kills there are some blood splatter & lots of dead bodies but not much else. Thre is a lot of female nudity, if that's your thing, but doesn't get too excited because you still have to sit through a horrible movie to watch it, is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf is okay, except perhaps the worst CGI effect ever, it is reasonably well made and at least it seems to have production values. The actor is what you really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is yet another low-budget piece of crap horror movie that throws video store shelves and confuses the schedules of blurry cable TV stations, I thought it wasn't as bad as some, but it's like saying going to the dentist is a bit more fun than going to a funeral, though when all said & done they are both terrible still ...
