"Nacho Libre" (2006) Directed By: Jared Hess <br /> <br /> Starring: Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, Héctor Jiménez & Darius Rose <br /> <br /> MPAA Rating: "PG-13 "(for some rough action and raw humor including dialogue) <br /> <br /> Say what you want about it (I know some people who despise it without end), but I always thought" Napoleon Dynamite " was a fun movie - not the brightest brick on the wall, but a funny movie. Jack Black is also a very funny man - annoying at times, yes and massively overstated by youth audiences who practically worship him but fun. There has rarely been a Jack Black comedy that I did not enjoy to any degree. So I was very pleased to hear that Jared Hess, author and director of "Napoleon Dynamite" and Jack Black would make a film about a Spanish friar who becomes a wrestler to save an orphanage. My only reservation was that the plot seemed a little too thin. Unfortunately, one of my reservations turned out to be the downfall of the whole movie. This plot, if it had been done as a shit on some such shows as "Saturday Night Live" or possibly even "Mad TV", would have worked flawlessly. Unfortunately, the plot goes too thin in about one and a half hours of runtime, and this one-joke comedy falls flat. <br /> <br /> Nacho grew up in a Mexican monastery and became a devoted man of the Lord. Feeling of the entire monastery, Nacho (Black), now the monastery's chef, decides to follow his dreams to become a professional breaker. When the monastery's economy hit an all-time low, Nacho decides to participate in a wresting tournament so he can win prize money and give good food to the convent's orphanage. This plot sounds so sweet and caring. It looks like the perfect movie for Jack Black. Look what he did with the "School of Rock" after all. Well, to my dissatisfaction, this plot is almost completely destroyed by offensive and serious humor that just goes away from the movie's heart. Again, it is Hollywood's way of showing that they feel that teens will only understand pace and stupid humor of course, because all I know might be generally thought of by teenagers, many of whom seemed to enjoy this movie. If you see an overweight woman suffering like a mouse across the floor, you will probably make people laugh, but don't expect to get a prize to put it in your movie. A seven year old could make the same joke. <br /> <br /> The performance in "Nacho Libre" is actually good. Jack Black once again shows that he is absolutely fun, and that he can make even the most idiotic, worthless lines of ever put on paper comic. Unfortunately, this movie wasn't enough for him. It didn't give him anything to continue, and the only reason why any of his jokes worked was because of him. I had never seen or heard of Ana de la Reguera before, but now I can say, not only is she quite talented, but she is also one of the most beautiful women who have ever shadowed my eyes. She just clicked in the role, and it worked wonderfully well. Héctor Jiménez, who plays Nacho's bumbling partner, Esqueleto, kept me laughing at laughing. He did a very nice job and it was very effective when working with Jack Blacks. Darius Rose, who plays an orphan named Chancho, didn't have many lines, but what can I say, I just enjoy him. He was sweet. The rest of the throw did their job. It is unfortunate that they were wasted on such an undergarment film. <br /> <br /> "Nacho Libre" just doesn't work. Its plot is stretched too thin. The heart of it all is dirty with moronic humor and diseases jokes that just don't work. I rarely laughed and, if I did, it was because of Jack Black or another member of the casting. And that leads me to the bright side of "Nacho Libre": Yes, cast. This caste was just fine, because they lacked a better word. They all tasted, had excellent chemistry together and pumped as much life as possible into the flat script. After Jared Hess 'Napoleon Dynamite' kept me thoroughly entertained for the whole movie, I was surprised to find myself so often upset with "Nacho Libre". Something was lost here and I have not yet understood what it was. The only thing I know is that "Nacho Libre" is not a good movie, and yet it is completely worthless because of its casting. There is a little reason to see if you only see Jack Black's work. But if you're not a fan of Jack Black, avoid this movie like the plague. I like Black, but I finished this movie and with this review. Finally thought: Yikes! This is Jared Hess's surprisingly disappointing follow-up on his hysterical "Napoleon Dynamite". <br /> <br /> Overall Rating: 4/10 (C +)
