Although this film was supposedly a joke in response to critics, it is still a horrible movie. If you want to commit to such things at least make it a good joke ..... first, Jeroen Krabbé is the yellow man Gerard Depardieu ..... I obviously hate Gerard Depardieu, although he was very funny in 'Iron Mask' three musketeer one. Otherwise he is a box office and Jeroen Krabbé is worse than that. The poor man's cash register .... really it's not fair for the economically disenfranchised. If the "fourth man" should be a kind of criticism of the bourgeoisie .... what do I say? it is not. Let's just say hypothetically, if it should, it wasn't sharp enough. Satire is a difficult thing .... If it is not sharp enough, the viewer gets the bump of the bitch instead ...... I think that's what happened. The story just ends up as a bunch of miserable obnoxious characters who do not do anything that anyone would like, nor in an interesting way ..... (for a more interesting and valuable application see any Luis Bunuel movie .... very sharp satire) <br /> <br /> [potential spoiler alert] <br /> <br /> Really, the blow job in the cemetery that Jeroen Krabbé character seems so hard to achieve .... don't you care? is it fun? en Mr. Voerhoven would be a good film producer, I would give him the benefits of the doubt and assume that it was a bit of misanthropic joke that was out of control ..... even though I guess he did not throw Jeroen Krabbé because he is the worst actor and any character he has played has been a pretentious bourgeois ass .... except he is incompetent on it. Then it becomes like a strange caricature. Do you think Mr. Voerhoven did it on purpose? and Jeroen Krabbé is also the ham's dandruff? I just can't see it ...... So you understand the dilemma I face here, right? It's the worst movie ever, because he had to be a good director. So there is a kind of duperie involved. I knew 'Patch Adams' was terrible without seeing it myself. Don't be duped by 'The 4th Man's deceptively prolonged packaging or Mr Voerhoven's reputation as a good instructor, etc.
