The order begins in Rome, where the leader of a special priest order dealing with ghosts and demons called Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) is found dead, cut to New York City, where one of his orders Alex Bernier ( Heath Ledger) is contacted by Top-Brass Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), asking him to investigate the mysterious circumstances of Dominic's death. Along with her boyfriend, Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and co-priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) travel to Alex to Italy to dive into his mentor's death when the truth begins to appear, it seems that Dominic was a 'Sin Eater'. who absorbed the sins of others and lived with the burden of them so that they could die peacefully and that the church was not satisfied with his activities. Alex should do what is right, even if it goes against what he thinks ... <br /> <br /> Also known under the title Sin Eater, this American German co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & That I do not so much to me if i am honest and i am usually honest it is. Still, we can begin with a script that has some good ideas, but it is very predictable, scary and boring, really stupid at times, and it goes far too seriously. The whole concept is daft, and while it seems wise it is oh so narrow twist ending that ties everything together and brings the story to full circle. I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to end things. There are the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know the sort of thing. Then there are the terms that are not difficult to see coming, there is abuse of power by senior priests, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know the kind of clichéd Hollywood ideals and themes that are reused every time it's about Church. The order has nothing new to say and as a serious piece of film making it sucks a lot. I'm not sure who the order should appeal to, like a heavy-hard horror fan I didn't see much horror like a thriller it is less than exciting, like a mystery, it's too predictable & there's nothing here for real to grab or maintain their interest and for some reason I cannot figure out IMDb also lists The Order as an action movie that is absurd as it is as exciting and action-packed as the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present) , hard maybe, but that's what I think ... Director Helgeland does an OK job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting system and it all looks a bit boring, gray and boring. For a hinted horror movie The Order is very light on scary or horror elements, in fact, none of them, except for two evil children who can turn into a bunch of birds without apparent reason, do not ask. Forget about gore or violence, as there is nothing fine, but it would have helped at least make the order readily available. According to the IMDb's "Trivia" section, the release date of the order was put back so some of the special effects could be improved because they were so accidentally funny, all I can say is judging by the finished movie, the effects must have been very bad to start with because they are not as brilliant as it is now. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see the order have a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which is a hell of a lot of money, and I just can't see where everything went apart from the sets and the production design that are good. The whole movie looks and feels very average and completely forgotten. The act is ok, though, the annoying fat guy who seems to be a kind of foul-mouthed comic relief, annoys a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better than this. The order, I prefer the title Sin Eater not actually that means too much, misses all its intended goals by the proverbial mile as far as I'm concerned & is a pretty boring way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life so don't! Not recommended.
