This excused excuse for a movie reminded me a lot about what I heard about "Gigli", the Ben and Jen flop earlier this summer. The "order" was clearly edited to such an inconsistent degree that the scenes, rather than forming a coherent and provocative film, appeared to be a collection of interrupted sequences that made little to pass on any kind of aggregate plot. Now I'm a Heath Ledger fan ("10 Things I Hate About You", "A Knight's Tale" and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my husband must find himself a better agent. Continue to accept scripts such as "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he will be on fast track to the film's oblivion. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I had with the movie. First, the director tried to compensate for the inadequacies of his essential plot by introducing two other plot lines that apparently had little to do with, well, much of everything. Plot rails that involve the American trying to take over the Vatican and the Dark-raven while it is mildly interesting did nothing to reveal the viewer anything to the protagonists. The attempts to tie these threads together were at best pathetic. Secondly, you must not offend the viewers' intelligence by inserting into the movie scenes that are clearly mandatory. We had produced anxiety, produced love and most idiotically produced sex, which seemed to be a side straight out of the "Matrix Reloaded" with skull-numbing techno music. Instead of developing character, these elements, like the cheap units they clearly saw, seemed a half-hearted attempt to put popcorn chewing youth in the seats. Third, and most importantly, this film seemed to have an exciting concept. We have scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural powers at stake. Why do we learn almost nothing about any background? We learn a little about Alex, but he himself gives the priesthood's passion to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point earlier. And Alex is the most developed if you can call it character throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> Today, if you see a movie this year, make sure it is not. There are about ten interesting minutes out of the unacceptable 101 minute affair. The only thing that saved me went with a girl I love rather. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. File this a solid subhad potential but blew it on editing and poor directing. Heath my husband, go back to Monster's Ball-like cameos. They fit you very well.
