As an avid fan of the Flashman books from George McDonald Fraser, I looked forward to seeing Flashy on the big screen when this movie was first released. Unfortunately, it was a huge disappointment then - so I left it alone for 20 years before I went back to see it again, but it wasn't better the second time. Sir. Fraser is a highly skilled writer, but I am not a fan of his film manuscript work with Richard Lester. Love for slapstick spoiled 'The Three Musketeers' for me and the same applies here. For me, the whole tone and feeling of the movie is wrong. The Flashman books are incredibly fun in parts, but they are adventure novels. There is a lot of seriousness in the way the adventures Flashman has - he is after all involved in dangerous situations. This is performed in the novels, but is not transmitted at all to movies because of its comical style. It's a huge shame as it could have a good movie if it was a more faithful adaptation of the book's style. When I first read that the book was going to be filmed, the article said that the film was for the star Oliver Reed. I was delighted when Reed was to me the epitome of Flashman. How I would have loved to see him in the role. Malcolm McDowell is a good actor but does not match the visual image of Flashman created by the books (for scrawny looking! Flashman must be a great strapping guy). Neverheless Reed was excellent as Bismarck. What kills the movie is that it is made like a comedy. The only scene where it creates the true atmosphere of the book is the scene where Flashman kills the Gautet (Tom Bell). A great shame as the production values, costumes, sets, etc. are excellent and the casting is generally excellent - virtually everyone in the movie is well cast from Malcolm McDowell. It was possible that Director Richard Lester was responsible for the way the movie was, as a recent radio adaptation of 'Flash For Freedom', adapted by Mr Fraser, worked quite well. Maybe one day we can see that Flashman has done justice on the screen.
