The good fellas on the Webster's Dictionary define Logophobia as "fear of words". I can only be Logophobic. For no word combination scares me more than when at the beginning of a movie, credits contain the words "Produced, written and directed by:" and followed by a single person's name. Think about it. There are carpenters, electricians and plumbers, but so few jack-of-all trades. Even the most experienced directors like Speilberg and Scorsese rarely take control of their films. But there I was all located in my theater seat, popcorn in my hand and about looking at the order when they hit me as a Nolan Ryan fastball, the words "Produced, written and directed by Brian Helgeland". Whoa! <br /> <br /> Being a film, I knew about Brian Helgeland. As a writer, his filmography over the last 10 years was graphed as a dotcom company's stock price in 1998. There were so many theatrical discomforts (Assassins, The Postman, Conspiracy Theory) as there were critical and award-winning successes (LA Confidential, Mystic River) . They seemed to change? a good, a bad, so knowing that his last movie, BloodWork was one of the most wasted bets in Clint Eastwood's career, I took a breath and hoped for the best. Gradually I should not have the exhaled. Order Stars Heath Ledger (Helgeland's A Knights Tale), as Alex Bernier, a priest in an order called the Carolingians, who is summoned to Rome when a co-priest is killed in circumstances such as Arch Bishop believes "curious." Met with Father Thomas (also by the order and played wonderfully by Still Stills' Mark Addy), they set out to summarize the riddle left behind in the wake of the priest's relentless death. Complicating cases are a subplot with Mara Sinclair (played by Shannyn Sossamon) who has fled an institution resulting from her attempt to kill Alex during an exorcism. Alex has feelings towards Mara and for some reason unknown to the audience, they travel to Rome together. Nary a good night's sleep passes by, and Alex is confronted by William Eden (Benno Fürmann) who claims to be a centuries-old Sin Eater. A Son Eater that we are told is those who eat the sins of a dying individual when the church does not, and thus allows access to heaven. William, who luckily would have it, is tired of a healing life and seeks Alex to take over his role and release him from his worldly duties. Alex is reluctant, but after his new love, Mara kills Alex to Sin Eater's ritual to save her, and the transformation is complete. Alex is searching for answers to his many inquiries, while Father Thomas reveals the Vatican plot behind the authority's assignment to his fellow researcher. <br /> <br /> The order is not a horrible movie, but it is terribly boring. There were ridiculous special effects and no connection with any of the characters. Even in the most dramatic scene - Alex's entering the dying Mara - is pale and bland and does not leave us emotionally responsive to the couple's condition. Everybody seems to speak so quietly and unemotionally that the film lines and fragrant salts could have been administered to prevent me from trying a quick nap in the middle of the movie. So Mr. Helgeland, I urge you not to try it again. Share your vision with others and let the more experienced help you guide you in directions that are not as narrow and self-service. Until then, there is nothing to show that you are capable of anything more than a failing class. Two stars. <br /> <br />
