In the past days of the Catholic Church, a sinner was an individual who would, through rituals, take the sins of a dying person upon himself. Often, these people were excommunicated or similar persons whom the church would not release, thus denying them the entrance to heaven. The sins were regarded as blasphemous and bypassed the monopoly of the robe on redemption. Put this up with some overtly supernatural mojo, let the concept wander wherever possible, and you have "The Order," a film that combines Stigmata's religious anti-authoritarianism, "The X-Files" paranormal investigation, and "The Thorn Birds "is sexual spirituality in a strange melange that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a villain pastor, one of the last members of the Carolingian Order, a semi-heretic order of the seeker, demon fighters. When Alex's mentor is found dead in bizarre circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Tagging together are colleague Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman) who were subject to one of Alex's exorcisms a year earlier. The three go to Rome to investigate and draw into a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy, vicious prophecies, demonic intrusion, and a man claiming to be the last surviving Sin Eater (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same instructors on scattershot and half-heartedly "A Knight's Tale"), the film is a strange and difficult to classify. There will be several things at once - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot - and it only succeeds sometimes sometimes. This is not helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepy through their performances with occasionally sharp shine. Ledger has a particularly great despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance. However, Sossman showed the same connected performance that she has gained in all her films (especially in "The Rules of Attraction"). The plot itself wobbles back and forth between several different story arches, which makes you wonder what is the most important with each arc containing its share of red herring. Big storytelling seems to be lost between scenes at times, which can be confusing to many, but it is also a movie's hidden gracer. The film's structure - coupled with the fact that there is never a really clear antagonist at the end of the movie - forces the viewer to analyze and justify at a time when most films are obviously obvious to everything (the exception to this is historical background in the Carolingians and the exercise in sin-eating, both explained in dry show). Even at the beginning of the film, character relationships and history are inferred rather than explained. Combine this with on-site shooting and judicious use of special effects, and you have a very old-fashioned supernatural thriller, with even the open credits reminiscent of something from the late 70s / early 80s. <br /> <br /> A brief mention here too for the subtle and organic score of David Torn, a combination of minimalist orchestration and Lisa Gerrard-style exotic vocals. A very nice score that is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> A confusing plot, a lack of purpose and sometimes sleepy notions would often confuse a movie, but for some reason, the "Order" remains visible. Many people will be extinguished by the movie for its odd sensibilities, and some may even be angry that they are forced to engage in the higher functions of their brains to understand it. Nevertheless, the sheer intimacy of the movie will prevent it from being a critical or commercial success until the DVD, which I will surely be filled with abundant amounts of deleted scenes. A recommended movie only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10
