One of the serious potential environmental costs in most mining is the pollution of downstream currents, rivers and lakes with excess sediments and toxins. One of the most serious examples in the 19th century the United States of surplus flood reduction was due to hydraulic mining of gold-bearing burial mounds on the sides of the Sacrament Valley in the period from the 1850s to the early 1880s. This process involves directing a high pressure jet of water on the hillside, which causes the material to be washed downhill, where the gold can be separated from gravel and sediment. The sediment was then collected in a ditch or stream, and most found their way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment, which remained in the river bed, increased the likelihood of flooding in downstream agricultural areas and cities and created permanent swamps in some areas. Some of the sediment spilled onto the agricultural fields, where it could cover a standing crop or cover more desirable soil or make plowing difficult. Thus, the conflicting interests of the companies using hydraulic mining and the downstream farmers negatively affected by these operations are the subject of this almost forgotten 1938 color film by Warner. <br /> <br /> First, we can ask why Warner decided to shoot this movie in a rather poor Technicolor, a very rare treat in 1938. A story about wheat producers and gold miners does not seem to justify the expense and problems of color film on This time. The answer seems to be the disordered movie time inside, with fancy colorful clothes and decorations. Then we can ask why colorless George Brent was chosen as the leading man and ultimate hero, to be mated with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really had a charismatic leading man to carry it. Even the usually colorful Gabby Hayes, in its small role, seemed unusually subdued. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the seemingly more dramatic last part of the movie. The part I saw spent too much time establishing a complicated set of relationships for many people at the expense of graphically depicting the situation of the selected barley baron and perhaps nearby townspeople and their attempts to deal with their floods and sedimentation problems. It was necessary to be more like "The Good Earth" which was released just the year before. Just maybe it would have been suitable for a charismatic leading man like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the question of the inane title. Surely, Warner could have got a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold or grain" is short and to the point. Incidentally, I understand that there are still lots of gold in them, they are hills, and waiting to be extracted otherwise than hydraulic mining.
