When robot hordes start attacking big cities, who will stop the crazy behind the attacks? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law Player Joe Sullivan, the Ace of the Sky, tackles insurmountable odds with his rugged reporter ex-girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former airline, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and Tomorrows World can look and feel like an exciting movie, but it's really pretty boring and awful. The movie's running time is 106 minutes, but it feels so much longer because there is no substance in this movie. Visuals were great and the movie did a good job on it. However, there is nothing to support these wonderful visuals. The film lacks a story and interesting characters that make it sometimes boring and unnecessary. I blame director and author Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on the pictures and spent some time on the actual story. The movie is like a girl without personality, after a while it becomes boring and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. It is simply another case of style over matter. The action is surprisingly average, and it's not really their fault as they had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this movie because of Angelina Jolie. However, the advertisement is quite misleading and she is only in the movie for approx. 30 minutes. Her performance is also surprisingly gentle. Jude Law gives a good performance even though you would expect much more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special at all. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I really liked. She gives a really good performance as the mysterious woman, and she was the only interesting character in the whole movie. However, the film is not a complete bust. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There just wasn't enough of them. The movie just doesn't have the hook to really make it memorable. It was actually rather bland, and it was not very engaging at all. It is too bad that the film was not very good, as it had such a promising premise. Finally, the Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth seeing. Rating 4/10
