The exploding zeppelins crashing on the 'Sky Captain' Jude Law's base present an appropriate metaphor to describe how truly horrible this movie is. First of all, let me say right from the bats that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will ever get money back from this movie. A cult hit it can be, but only because it is so remarkable for what it failed to achieve. I can see the study hall now. "Let's combine the 1920's German expressionism with a 1940's glossy adventure with a modern action girl and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, it won't be a success!" Skycaptain blows the viewer with its pure profit. There are too many false explosions, for many convincing dogfight scenes and too few real moments where the characters are anything but painful two-dimensional. After all, why shock and awe with a floating airship when you can have three or five or a hundred? What might have been a groundbreaking movie that seamlessly combines computer-generated imaging and human actors in a stylized and exciting setting will instead become a flop in no way because it does not meet the main requirement of any flick by CGI. Simply, the graphics are incredibly poor. From the movement of the cars to the plane's physics in dogfights, everything seems to be just a little away. I'm not nit-picky here in any way. An infant may notice that a car does not slip along the road like a maglev train (unless it is a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who raise your voices in protest and cry: "This is a stylized movie, it shouldn't be like reality", let me just say this. The Lord of the Rings has set the standard for integrating real actors with CGI, Starship Troopers has set the standard for ironic science fiction movies. Rocketeer did a solid job reintroducing the decade of the 1920s back into the Hollywood movie portfolio and Tim Burton's Batman created a unique image of New York City / Gotham that has not yet been repeated. Sky Captain falls so short of all these movies, it's hard for me to mention them in the same sentence. Plus, the action is so bad, it makes me positively ill. So there you have it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and you get my review. I hope it can deter you all from making the same mistake I made.
