In short, this film is completely worthless. The idea is to make movies based on what a person from the early 1900s might think of the future. An interesting idea, but the lack of compelling history or characters prevents us from suspending our unbelievers, so the idea just flops. <br /> <br /> Apparently, the whole movie was made with actors in front of green screens, and we're supposed to be impressed But as a graphic artist, the bleeding was a clear crystal to hide the difficult sharp problem of green screening. The color is washed extensively for no relevant effect, except to reduce the visual quality. And I don't understand why anyone would consider what has been done in this movie, to be in any way groundbreaking. If that's something, the ridiculous retrograde graphics have lowered the bar to really bad graphics - they don't measure up to the old Jurassic Park graphics. The models for the robots were so simple, clear and very uncomplicated. There were a lot of unusual prehistoric animals on the island, but they are not explained in any way. The story is terrible beyond belief. In fact, I can't believe I didn't just go out of this movie. The relationship between Polly and Joe is unmotivated, and the whole movie is based on mistrust and deception. Why is Morris Paley character even there? We are by no means convinced that Joe is heroic - I believe he is flying a plane and rescued a person (Polly) for personal reasons. Yes, there is a big hero for you. Dex has very little screen time, so why do we have to worry about Joe saving him? Who was the Nepalese who lay Joe and Polly in my vault, and why would they do it (remember that the entire Totenkopf operation was robot)? Plot holes: (1) Why did Bai Ling's characters (a big drop from her excellent character in "The Crow") stop the robots that had captured Joe? They searched for the vials and they had not found them. (2) Why in the hell would Dex be caught but not killed (he doesn't have or knows about the vials, and the bad guys didn't know that Polly had the vials and was connected to Joe and therefore to Dex)? (3) Polly states that "they" don't know anything about Totenkopf, but she has some secret source about him that contains what seems to be quite a complete FBI style file on him. (4) The blank spot on the map as described by the Nepalese - if they know all about this mysterious area, why is hell their card blank in that place? (5) At one point, Polly and Joe have to give up their clothes (they get burned) - Joe gets new clothes that are identical to his old clothes, but Polly is forced to wear some very strange looking clothes and then in the same line of Continuously, Polly has her original clothes back. <br /> <br /> * sigh *. How far should I change my brain to see this? <br /> <br /> We should be excited about the over-produced music even when nothing interesting or externally exciting happens on the screen. <Br /> <br /> And the actor? We must be impressed by a bunch of bad British accents? What character is not annoying? I think Ling Bai's dialogue was probably the best in the whole movie (she doesn't have a single line). The dialogue was not camp and does not even rise to the cheese level. It's just bad and annoying. These people are not wholly or convincing; They are the kind of people you would try to ignore or disassociate with if you ever had the misfortune of meeting them in real life. <br /> <br /> I can't believe this movie gets an above average rating here on IMDb. IMHO it must compete with "Batman Forever" at the bottom 100 of all time.
