"Sky Captain" can be regarded as a tribute to comics, pulp adventures and movie series, but it contains a bit of the magic of some of the best of these genres. A contributor says the movie's enjoyment depends on whether or not you recognize the influence of the movie. I don't think it's true. An expectation of film, fiction and series that "Captain" praises was completely different. Especially for those who experienced these entertainment when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of them. Of course, we know that the leaders come in and out of the scraper, but there must be tension and drama. Towards the top of "Captain" Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent disaster, and when they come down to five minutes, they do not go against their goals. They take time for long looks and unnecessary conversation and reflection on a fallen enemy with 30 seconds left to tragedy. Of course, we expect certain conventions to be included, but a good director would have had some sense of urgency. It is not expected that movies like this necessarily "make sense". You expect them to be fun, exciting and have a sense of inner logic. "Captain" has almost no one. Remember when law and Paltrow are pursued by the winged creatures, and they reach a large gap that they cross through a log bridge? Well, how come they certainly come from these creatures when they come to the other side? They can fly !!! The gap itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them, so where is the escape? If the earth above the canyon is forbidden for the flying creatures, the film made no effort to tell us how or why or even. <br /> <br /> I know Paltrow and Law (both have given fine performances in the past) played "types" but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who proved capable of great nuance here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give any "oomph" to their roles, though Omid Djalili seemed to have handled a little more if he had only been given the chance. He did a pretty good job at all, considering how he was largely wasted. <br /> <br /> The movie had a good look, but there are so many ways that CGI distracts. CGI works best when used for the fantastic when used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for scientific or magical spectacular. When used to replace natural places, it is disappointed. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI mountain does not have any of the state or sense of awe and obstacle that a real mountain does. I know the design of this movie was quite deliberate and it wasn't necessarily supposed to look right, but shouldn't that feel that way? It just didn't. <br /> <br /> Regarding the weak and cliché script ... greeting is no excuse. Still, the film had some tensions and dramatic excitement, it could still have been fun. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week, and I'm not a Tom Cruise fan, but it had everything that "Captain" didn't most remarkably show the viewer in his world and made us accept his rules and way to be in a way that "Sky Captain" definitely did not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to cartoon hero movies in the 30s and 40s. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) is going to think like fashion for such a treatment. Perhaps the better, more familiar and fully realized characters that these characters are would make for a much better movie. It would be hard to be worse.
