Sky Captain may be the best horrible movie I've seen for a long time. Rife with amazing CG and special effects, obsessed with an A-list cast (Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, and the infinitely sympathetic Giovanni Ribisi) and racing along with a bridged but Indiana Jones esquire story, this should have been a great movie to watch. <br /> <br /> "Must have" be the keyword here, of course. Jude Law plays Joe Sky Captain with a bursting accent and lots of over-the-shoulder, heart-melting smirks, but you can't do anything out of nothing and even his flippant supplies and boyish looks can't save the movie's stand-alone dialogue. (If he had beaten Giovanni Ribisi at the back and said, "Good boy, Dex," just once more, I could have barfed over the guy in front of me.) Gwyneth Paltrow, like Polly Perkins, is nothing short of nerve grating. Her nasal whining and non-sarcastic comments get old in the first ten minutes of the movie. Perhaps she has put too much effort into playing the stereotype 30's cartoon heroine - who knows? I expected more from her. An example of how a similar character was played (and played well) is in the late 90's "The Phantom" with Kristy Swanson and Billy Zane. Rent the movie and you know what I mean. <br /> <br /> Giovanni Ribisi and Angelina Jolie were the sparse gracers in the movie. (Angelina Jolie was incredibly hot in the eyelids. I will admit it.) In just a few short scenes, both actors managed to get over the tired material and deliver a more convenient performance than their dry, two-dimensional castmates. Plot and stable history of progression was old, boring and basically just a monotonous combination of every good scene from an action movie over the last thirty years. The pace is fast fire in the first half of the movie, and a snail's pace in the second, giving the audience enough time not only to guess the final conclusion of the movie, but also to find out who the key the villain is too. Pairing is pretty clichéd, too, Polly Perkins and Sky Captain apparently recover after years of separation from a bitter-end romance, and their story is not so much charming and eclectic, as it is annoying and inconsistent. When they finally come to terms with their mutual feelings at the end of the movie, no one is surprised and nobody cares either. <br /> <br /> Props for the director to appreciate Bai Ling enough to dress her in skintight vinyl for the whole movie, and also for the exciting sepia tones that served as coloring throughout. But Sky Captain, despite all the essential elements of being a good movie, falls flat on the face. Not even worth the $ 2.75 I paid to get into the theater.
