In the wake of Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, the British film industry was quickly flooded with bad gangster movies in the late 90s-early 00s, which seem even more desperate today than they did then. In one of the ever-great cases of the pearls-from-swine-whipped producers of Rancid Aluminum, the quote quoted "The Best Movie of the Century" from a review throughout the ads, while omitting the rest of the sentence pointed out that it was only because at the time of writing was the only film that had been released in 2000. It seems that today it is difficult to imagine how it was ever created, uniting a cast that was briefly considered the cream of Cool Britannia's Lads Mags Brigade ?? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes ?? But now only a guarantee of a turkey every time in a confused adaptation of a confused James Hawes novel. That the plot has never been explained could fall under the possibility that no one really knows what it is, or simply does not believe it matters. Something to do with Ifan's businessman established with Steven Berkoff's homicidal Russian criminal gentleman in a money laundering or investment scheme (it's never clear as nobody ever asks) by Fienne's crooked Irish accountant who expects the Russians to kill off Ifans so he can take over its failing company. Things are becoming increasingly confused and explained from there if Ifan alternates between shouting how terrible his life is while juggling visiting the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and Tara Fitzgerald's ridiculously acclaimed Russian temptress, Berkoff continues to say "Bizniss" and "Francis Drake" and Fiennes make a decent Irish accent while proving that just because he played a great writer in Shakespeare in Love, does not mean he is a judge of good writing when it comes to film writings. <br /> <br /> When most convincing performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr, you know that a movie is in deep trouble. With Poland advocating a Russia filled with people with Polish accents and a strange score that goes from John Barry's pastiche to lounge music to the Ennio Morricone spaghetti Western on a stilophone budget, it fails completely in the cool stakes it aims and ends in a curiously overplotted but almost plot less limbo all its own that sits there as a game shop dog turd.
