This extremely weak Australian excuse for a movie is like Pavlov Dog Experiment among horror movies. You can remember this famous "Conditioned Reflex" experiment from your school books, right? The Russian researcher Pavlov showed that dogs used to salivate before the food actually entered their mouth and this through repeated routines that stimulated the animal's reflexes. Pavlov called a bell a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog, and after a while he became nervous and excited and already started to turn off hearing the sound of the bell. What the hell does this whole boring explanation in common with a sleazy and low budget Aussie slasher flick, I hear you thinking? Well, the maniacal killer's modus operandi in "Nightmares" is a precise variation on Pavlov's experiment. Each and every murder sequence is ahead of the healthy sound and image of the killer who breaks a window because he / she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut the victims. So this means that after a short while, inattentive and bored viewers can afford to turn off and just look up again when they hear the sound of crushing glass. That way, they still miss nothing special! <br /> <br /> As for the quality of "nightmare" as a movie, I can be very brief. This is an inexpensive, uninspired and virtually non-genuine Aussie cash-in on the modern popular trend of American slasher movies. In the early 60's, a four-year-old witness witnessed the mother's cruel death as her neck being knocked open in an unpleasant car accident. Twenty years later the same girl ?? Helen Selleck ?? is a successful scene actress, but she still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from terrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. She auditions for a role in a black comedy playing rotating on death and getting part. Shortly after the big premiere, everyone who is far removed from the production will be slaughtered. It's really retarded how this movie tries to maintain the mystery of the murderer's identity and motivation, even though even the most infantile viewer can figure it out after the first murder already. I don't think I've ever seen a more obvious whodunit than "Nightmares", and the creators should just have shown their face straight and save themselves from embarrassment. The murders are explicit and very bloody, and there is also an unhealthy amount of free nudity to "enjoy". However, the production values ​​are poor and therefore the film is never shocking or provocative at some point. The few clips we get to see from the current game make it clear that it could certainly be the worst ever performed on stage. The only positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and the gay critics, both of whom are sarcastic and insult the rest of the cast members as much as we do. "Nightmare" is a horrible piece of exploiting horror cinema, but hey, at least I gave you a golden tip to make it more digestible.
