This film was a real torture party to sit through. Its first mistake is to deal with nuclear power which, of course, is a 'bad thing', that it hardly needs to convince the audience of it. When it comes to putting its argument into consideration, the participants have delivered breathless evidence; all that is missing is someone who cries "when should anyone think of the kids!". While I was watching this movie, I thought, "Where did you hear that?" or "that can't be true" - but a bit of info was backed up by some reliable sources. And bless them, the "ordinary people" in the movie came across more like Luddites than people with some understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power; To be fair, it may be the filmmakers' fault, but just as right is a state shared by the movie's rock stars. <br/> <br /> As for the artists ......... .. Some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music I have enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them really believed in this cause. But they all come together as hissing old hippies who are desperately looking for something to work up now that the 60s have passed them. Particularly embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - he looks like he can't believe in the things he is told (not that I blame him), but desperately feels noticed and included. James Taylor performs what should be the wimpiest protest "anthem" ever, "Stand and Fight" in the most sinister way you can imagine. In fact, most performances are rather bland when not protesting. No one seems to have gained from this event, as if it doesn't really matter much to them. It is worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall, from the Orleans organ, and responsible for some of the strangest MOR pops in the 70's. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance with me" and "Still the one".) It is worth noting because it is symbolic of how the cause here does not inspire any true passion in the music. The reason is apparently life or death, but everyone sleeps through their numbers as if they were playing the Catskills. Except perhaps, Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We Almost Lost Detroit" on the subject at least, but delivered with all the smugness of a high-schooler impressed by how controversial he is. <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springstein's performance gives a pulse; I've never been a big fan of the boss, but he smokes completely, no doubt. Part of me thinks he was taped separately, on another event, and edited in this movie to awaken the audience. Compared to the ordinary softness and the air of complacency here, it is no wonder that Bruce was hailed as a savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even his performance is hobbled by the lifeless concert game. I don't expect a lot of flashy camera moves from a 70's movie, but the shots are unnecessarily static, broken only by split-second cutaways to a back-up singer's tonsils. Now, some of this may be because the artists are lifeless at first; and * maybe * filmmakers are more adept at shooting documentaries than concert recordings - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to watch a movie like this done with more skill. And with several exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So, really, there are only two things to look at this movie for: The Stargate Stellar Performance, and as a sad snapshot of a backward counter-culture.
