This is a direct successor to 'The Mummy's Hand' (1940) because the protagonist Stephen Banning (played by Dick Foran) is now thirty years older and relates the story (with the help of archive film) to his son's fiance. There are only two unusual aspects of the film: Banning's early death and the presence of Turhan Bey. <br /> <br /> Lon Chaney as the mummy Kharis gets top billing, though he has given the character of his role he has a little more to do than linger or throw his arms around. There is nothing scary about his presence, except for his attempt to leave Isobel (Elyse Knox). Dick Foran gets another billing, but he is killed within the first fifteen minutes! We have to wait for 'Psycho' (1960) when a protagonist (Janet Leigh) dies far before the end of the movie! Banning's friend from the first movie, Babe Jenson (now Henson), shows a little later, looks a lot, much older and doesn't do any of the comic shit he did in the original. It's hard to believe it's the same actor! Unfortunately, this great actress is wasted because he is killed by Kharis after only two short scenes. It's so left to Banning's son John (played by bit-player John Hubbard) to lead the succession to the cemetery - NO! The sheriff leads a flashing mob to Banning's house to burn it down and kill the mummy. Sound universally known? <br /> <br /> Turhan Bey is introduced to the audience as the new high priest, Mehmet Bey, to fit and feed tana leaves to Kharis. With his 'exotic' voice and appearance, it is too bad to be so easily killed. A better movie would have had 'Babe' take the Von Helsing type responsibility for things in tracking down the mummy with a definitive decisive blow with him and Mehmet Bay. But instead we have a pedestrian rehash of various sets of pieces from previous universal horror movies, collected by hacked Griffin Jay, who wrote many of Universal's other clunkers, although he also did 'Don Winslow of the Navy' (1942) and 'Don Winslow from Coast Guard '(1943), which also included Elyse Knox. <br /> <br /> Elyse Knox played Anne Howe in six Joe Palooka films (1946-1949) and of course Turhan Bey, with 43 films and television credits, is amazing in the title role "The Amazing Dr. X" (1948 ). The camera is much darker and more atmospheric (with lots of noirish shadows in the sheriff's office) than the first 'kharis' mummy movie, but there is little else of interest or excitement. <br /> <br /> I give it a 3.
