The inexpensive, mediocre sequel to the successful "The Mummy's Hand" presumably dead evil Professor Andoheb (George Zucco) prepares his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for the quest for revenge against America using Mum Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr. Anyone stuntman could do the same credible work that lumbering around and choking victims with the purpose of killing the surviving members of the Banning family whose patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) retrieved the mummified body of Princess Ananka from her grave in Egypt. Andoheb considers it a foreign act of dismissal and wants the family to suffer to make such an awful act against an ancient Egyptian custom. Bey and the mummy Kharis find a lovely hideaway on a cemetery where the high priest in Karnak can act as a caretaker in disguise. Each full moon, Bey, will give Kharis a form of fluid derived from several Tana leaves that will keep him not only alive but entertaining to his master's desires. Bey commands Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon) while biting time for Babe to return, so he becomes victim # 3. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox), but does not know that Bey secretly seeks her fiance and plans to kidnap her with Kharis's help. John's life is in danger because of his father. He is also the last remaining member of the Banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no chance that more Bannings will be born. The police must find Kharis and the person responsible for his bloodbath. This film is a continuation from HAND seen years later, as the members of the movie, Front, Ford & Zucco all appear in "aging" make-up giving wrinkles that show the gaps of time when Andoheb is preparing for Baning's death. John's and Isobel's corner play seems only in this plot, so Bey will turn up and risk his perfect plan, which was successfully completed before he unlocked it. And Bey just sees her slipping with John on the grass. The whole "love of first sight" -rub really didn't blame me. Plus, you have the mummy to be able to kill people with one arm. Is any mummy really that powerful? This movie also uses a ton of footage from the previous movie to save the budget on this sequel to it. There is really not so much history here and yes, typical of universal sample-willing images, even in America, a lot of people will shine .. who's the brother .. going for Kharis. You know how it will end. John and the super-powerful Kharis want to square in a large manor with fire burning around them with the evil being swallowed up in flames.
