Seen in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs led by the warlord Job reindeer over the human population. They keep them basically like domestic animals, as they need fresh human blood to live off. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a child, and the years have passed when she came face to face with the cyborgs, but this time she is rescued by cyborg Gabriel, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. Job and his men are on their way to capturing a metropolitan city, while Nea (with revenge in mind) asks Gabriel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs, and she will bring him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> Inexpensive low cyborg / post-apocalyptic foray by author / director Albert Pyun (who made "Cyborg" before it and the bladder "Nemsis" the same year) is reasonably a displeased junk of junk with some interesting news . Very small structure makes its way into the fragile story, as the treacherous script is weak, grainy and exaggerated. The leaden banter tries to be witty, but it stinks pretty much and comes across being comical in the unintentional moments. Most of the occurrences are rather meaningless and routine. The material could have used another polish, as it was an inspired idea absorbed by lazy inclusions, a lack of a narrative and an almost joke tone. The open end, cliffhanger conclusion is just too abrupt, especially since a sequel has yet to be made. It feels like what runs out of money and said, "Time to unpack. Let's finish it on another day (or maybe in another decade). There's no rush." But it found it rather distracted, thanks to the fast pace, some well-fought combat and the George Mooradian glider, which beautifully captured the visually appealing backdrop. Performances are fair. Kris Kristofferson's dry and steely persona works perfectly as Gabriel and a self-sufficient, psychologically capable Kathy Long pulls the stumps out academically and aggressively. But her play is for wood. An appalling Lance Henriksen gives an mouth-watering performance of pure ham, like the scabby cyborg leader Job, who is constantly splitting. Scott Paulin also drums up with great pleasure as one of the cyberspace and Gary Daniels pouts about as well. Pyun looks up for some exciting martial arts sets that involve some flashy power and free slow motion. Seeping in the background is a burning but mechanical sounding score. The special effects and makeup FX stand up well enough. Watchable, but not entirely successful, and it's minimal limitations can be a cause for it.
