I tuned in on this thing one night on a cable channel a few minutes after the credits ran out, so I didn't know who had done it first. The longer I saw it, the more I began to think, "Jesus, it looks like an Albert Pyun flick." However, for two main reasons it was not certain: the photograph was quite good (and the desert in Utah was beautiful), and Scott Paulin provided a hilarious performance like Simon, a murderous cyborg, but with some style and sense of humor. Paulin must have ad libbed the many clever lines he shot out because Albert Pyun has not written anything even extremely fun or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin doesn't have much screen time before he's gone, and the movie is worse for it. Lance Henriksen plays the evil head cyborg, laughs his way through his part, as he has done in countless other movies like this. I don't know what the fuck Kris Kristofferson does in this thing; Perhaps he would see what the Utah desert looked like and be paid for it. He goes through the movie and looks like he just woke up, and actually uses most of the last half of the movie on his back in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a good body, is attractive, has a good body, struggles extremely well, has a good body and does not have an iota of working talent, but it doesn't matter in a movie like this. This is an Albert Pyun movie, full of the brands we all come to know and love: inane and idiotic dialogues, choppy editing and the impression that they lost a reel in the middle of the picture and figured : "Ah, no one will ever notice." As bad as this movie, it is a shadow over most of Pyun's other efforts - this is Citizen Kane compared to his brain-numbering "Adrenaline: Feel the Rush", for example. The battles are pretty well done, if repeatedly (after beating eight or nine guys one after the other, you find yourself saying, "Okay, go to something else"), and Long is very athletic (and as a previous poster has noticed a great derriere). It is not a good movie of any kind of fantasy, but it is not as close as incoherent and incompetent as Pyun's usual extravaganzas. You can do worse than renting this movie - not much worse, given, but worse anyway.
