There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie, they see and normal people. While I will admit that I have really enjoyed some of his films, I can honestly say that I cannot stand any of them. Incidentally, my opinion is not just a knee war reaction - I have seen most of Fellini's films and have also seen many films by the world's most famous directors. With this in mind, I feel that the most overrated and annoying instructors can be both Godard and Fellini. They both enjoy the bizarre and often relentless, yet received gobs of accolades from reviewers and "intelligensia" while the average person would never sit through some of their films. Heck, though, someone who loves international cinema will generally be left out in the cold when he sees some of these movies. So, since only a small client actually sees their movie and they are already exposed to seeing the directors as geniuses, it is not surprising that their movie is so often praised - it's like a cult! If you don't believe in me, think of many of Godard's films as FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films are bound by boredom, strange and incomprehensible. Now I do NOT say that a movie can not be strange (after all, I love KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER'S HAPPY), but it must be visible! <br /> <br /> Now on to this movie. Somehow, Fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and unsexy. This is not a small task - it took a lot of work to make this so unattended. Instead of cheap sexual tensions, sex acts are choreographed in a stupid and annoying way, while the character of Casanova is buried under so much makeup and dentures that Donald Sutherland resembles a ghoul. I know some of this must have been Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be completely bored with this sterile performance - especially because Sutherland's lines are all badly doubled to Italian and he doesn't look or sound like himself! Unfortunately, when the film is not wrapped in these boring sexual escapades, there really is nothing else to see. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this boring movie is that the actor looks incredibly like a younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Considering that besides this, Fellini in the previous decades had Masina played characters as a prostitute and a terribly abused woman, it seems he might have hated his wife and had acted on the screen. I read a little about them and their stormy conditions, and it seems to carry it too. It is about the only aspect of this turgid movie that I found of all interesting. Don't say I didn't warn you!
