A claim of aggravated sexual assault along with some other unpleasant peccadillo, including improper use of diet, is made against half a dozen or so of the most popular high school jocks in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a "mildly delayed" student (Heather Matarazzo). The investigation and construction of the case is handed over to DA's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are led. <br /> <br /> Ryder's case spread through Glen Ridge, a middle-class suburb where jocks are worshiped by everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) No one thinks Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take a sluice down to the basement, rape her and expose her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to form a sufficiently convincing case that they can bring jocks to court. Matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. She is desperate for love and friendship, and it makes it easy for faux friends to mislead her into making false statements. A slimy reporter says, "You can trust me," but it turns out that the reporter can't trust it at all. Another student, a very popular girl in school, pulls a Linda Tripp at Matarazzo and pretends to be her treasure, but always asks her main questions about the incident - and loses the results! As a result, looking at this story unfolds as being on a roller coaster. In the beginning, it looks like a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, society organizes against the law. Then it looks good again. But then the journalist interferes. Then that obstacle is not removed faster than Linda Tripp pokes his big nose into the study and publishes the tapes that seem to indicate that Matarazzo succeeded. (Well, actually, she lay - but she lied to her questioning to please her.) Then it is overcome, but Matarazzo makes herself stand, because she doesn't want to be characterized as "delayed." Eric Stoltz is fine in the prosecution's part. I say for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago around the same time. (I hope he was not the child, I had this confusion with the sea in the club. If he was, I will take my compliment back.) Ally Sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize. She did a wonderful self-preserving job in "Fine Art", but I did not feel that any particular effort was made in this role, which was nevertheless a formal one. I think that neither she nor Stoltz or anyone else could give a bravura performance in what is essentially a cartoon story. <br /> <br /> Manufacturers and the director made good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for victims. The worst thing they could have done is throw an ethereal, lovely, soft blonde. Instead, Matarazzo looks ugly, without being at all, looking pretty ordinary and this ordinary quality is complemented by her care and makeup. Nor have the authors turned her wistful and gentle. She has a mood and is sometimes annoying to listen to, which is too good. Matarazzo is the character best drawn in the film. Jocks are stereotypes. Pure evil. They believe themselves over the law, bargain in on a nice girl's party in East Orange, drop off the scene during a party that is worse than "La Dolce Vita's" climactic orgy, and go without explanation or excuse. They deserve to get it in the neck - and they do it. <br /> <br /> I mentioned this as a comic book story, and that's pretty much what it is. It does not challenge any of our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we don't have a moment's doubts about who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just rhetorical - is a movie almost like this and a dozen others, but where the victim sounds to get her name and photo in the papers and pick up all those sympathetic chips from right-thinking folk like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on a true story that is so many others we've all seen, and even more fictional moves. (For example, "The accused".) Some are good, some are strictly routine. Okay. Fair enough. Now when we see a movie about the Tawana Brawley case where the teenage girl disappeared in a whim for a couple of days, her friends had stripped her, tied her and smeared her with dirt so she could claim she had become abducted and raped by the police? Now it would be a challenge in the way that this is simply not.
