Things get boring early and often in this mawkish jazz biography written and directed by Spike Lee. <br /> <br /> Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a happenin jazz trumpet that fronts a quintet packing them underneath the Underdog. His problems include an incompetent leader, a scene-weaving scissor player and two girlfriends that he plays musical mattress with. However, the real love in his life is his trumpet and his music. Bands manager, Giant, has a dangerous gaming problem and turns out to be an ineffective dealer with greedy club owners and would be best-off, but Bleek remains loyal as long as possible. It will turn out to be an artist, but ironically contribute to his growth as a man. As Bleek, Denzell Washington is all wrong as the ambitious trumpet with a child on each arm. He is too sweet a guy to be so self-centered about his art, handing out patience and love to them close to him with a low key remoteness. He simply lacks the fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays the Henderson scissor player, would have been much more suited to the role, but even he would have to mouth the relaxed agile transcript of Lee's torpedo dialogue. As a Giant, Lee strikes a trifle with a creepy performance that fits his writing and direction. Loose tries to mirror the gruesome but sympathetic Ratso Rizzo to Bleek's Joe Buck, he adopts a slack and even "I'm walking here" moment from Midnight Cowboy. In this case, you want the taxi to run over and finish it. Lee's script is too clever, heavily hand-bogged and blatant insult with some necessary clumsy editorialization that Lee has to inject to stay down. The scenes between the band members behind and in rehearsal lack spark and are only surpassed in the sadness of Bleek, Giant talks that have an ad lib look and go in circles. The end of this travesty is Lee's pretentious visual style. Tracking shot, zoom and pans are wasted and irrelevant to scenes. They just walk. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's love letter for jazz (made implicitly by memorabilia's mountains plastered over the sets), and it's all sentimental clapping misses that lack passion and enlistment. Jazz on film is better served by Tavernier's "Round Midnight" and Eastwood's "Bird", which comes under the surface, reveals several sides of the form, the pain behind it, in addition to offering infinitely superior lead performances by Forrest Whitaker and the real deal Dexter Gordon. This Spike Lee Joint doesn't even offer a mild buzz. It's some pretty bad homemade.
