I'm usually a Spike Lee fan. It takes some time to really get into his "mojo", but when you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story that is close to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike the 25th or Bamboozled (two of my favorite films of his), there was no clear story in this movie. I was able to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee was never able to get the true feeling out. Washington did a decent job with what was handed over to him, but one could tell that this was not Lee's favorite movie. Not only did Lee lead this movie, but he also wrote it. You could tell. The camera's work was terrible and the writing only contributed to the fall of the movie. This movie came in full circle and it wouldn't be beautiful. Lee was not 100% behind this movie when he was with Do the Right Thing. Of all the movies I've seen Lee directly, this was the sharpest and more modest of his films. It was almost as if he were making a Hollywood movie instead of one that was his own. I do not know if he saw the money from Do the Right Thing and ran with it or what ?? But this film did not demonstrate his true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone out there who's seen this movie, and maybe stopped seeing something ruled by Spike Lee after this movie, I suggest giving him a second chance. Don't make me wrong, I see exactly where you come from with this movie, and why do you want to put this behind you, but Lee grows up. His work becomes more of his own, and you can see the transformation from a desire to make money to just making good movies. It took me a while to see the 25th, but when I did, it was pure shine. Perhaps it was the actors, perhaps the story, but Lee made a great movie out of a man's journey into the unknown. I think that's what I hoped the Mo 'Better Blues would turn out to be. This really dark journey into the life of a man who really never grew up, but instead was all I got, Denzel to Denzel. He is really one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him as Sydney Poitier in the cinema, but it wasn't the movie that showed his talent. Another problem I had with this movie was the use of Spike's sister playing one of love interests. I don't know about you and your family, but I don't think I could have filmed a sex scene with my sister. I don't care which actor is or how much money I get paid, I would never do it. It's just something I never want to see, but it seems different to Spike. He went ahead and showed his sister's full naked picture without regret. It was sad and it made me blush. I also need someone to answer me here. What was Flavor Flav by introducing this movie? Then I sit there on my sofa, ready to start the movie, when suddenly a voice from the past spelled out in the studio that made this movie, then he recognizes himself. It didn't build up a strong remnant of history. Again, I felt that Lee should pay money for this movie instead of the actual talent. Perhaps he was able to afford both Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without any explosions. <br /> <br /> There were two amazing scenes in this movie that made it worth seeing through to the end. Don't make me wrong, it was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every time. The scene where Bleek accidentally forgets which woman he is with was fascinating. He ran back and forth all the time and woven the truth into confusion in a way that showed that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in shuffle because of the remaining bad scenes. The other scene that was worth seeing was the way Lee introduced and ended the movie. By keeping the same pacing and direction he could bring this tragic character around full circle and give him the chance to change his life. Apart from these two moments, the rest of the movie was really bad, not worth seeing, unless you are about to go blind. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** out of *****
