As a Dane, I am proud of the handful of good Danish films produced in recent years. However, it is a terrible shame that this increase in quality has caused the majority of Danish film critics to lose their sense of criticism. In fact, it has become so bad that I no longer trust reviews of Danish films, and as a result, I have stopped watching them in theaters. I know it is wrong to keep this unfortunate development towards someone a movie, so let me stress that "Villa Paranoia" would be a horrible movie in any case. The fact that it was hyped by the critics has just added fuel to my bonfire of disillusionment with Danish film. Moreover, waiting until it came out on DVD, very little help against the eerie feeling of having wasted time and money. <br /> <br /> Erik Clausen is a well-established director with the opportunity for social realism in Copenhagen's recommendations. I especially enjoyed "De Frigjorte" (1993). As an actor, he is usually fun, although he generally plays the same role in all his films, namely a working class slob who is down on his luck, partly because he is a veil but mostly because of society and who solves itself by doing something good for its community. <br /> <br /> This is problem number one in "Villa Paranoia"; Clausen throws himself like a chicken farmer who is such a break from the norm that he never succeeds in making it credible. <br /> <br /> It is, however, much worse that the film should turn and break all the rules on how to tell a story to get the audience to understand what's going on. For example, the movie opens with a very boring attempt to visualize the protagonist's near death experience using low budget effects and poor camera work. Then the character tells his best friend that she suddenly felt the urge to get out of a bridge. This is symptomatic of the entire movie; There is little or no motivation for the characters' actions, and Clausen resorts to the lowest form of communication, whatever the motivation is: Tells instead of showing. Thus, at one point you have a character that speaks highly to an alleged catatonic person about the way he feels because the manuscript would not allow him to show his feelings; and later on, voice-over is introduced abruptly, perhaps as an afterthought, to convey emotions that would otherwise remain unknown to the audience because of the instructor's unwieldy. Fortunately, at this point you are approx. An hour past care for any of the characters, let alone the so-called story. The play that has often been a problem in Clausen's film can be summed up in a sad statement: Søren Westerberg Bentsen, whose only other claim to the star was as a competition for Big Brother, is no worse than several of the heralded actors in the cast . <br /> <br /> I give this a 2 out 10 rating.
