Despite the weight of the motif and probably the film's good intentions to make a film addressing white supremacy, the inconsistencies of the protagonist, Bronson Green, the aspiring New York actor, are easily reversed. Phony, makes it difficult to take the story seriously. Green, constantly rejected by Los Angeles casting agents to be outdated (ie, for New York when the 80s are looking for big, blonde and stupid), he finds success comes easy when he is willing to succumb while falsifying his image. Unfortunately, the new hair color and pacified "surfer" setting leaves him an option with the Jericho Church, which subscribes to the white supremacist teaching of the Aryan nation. Green is willing to easily forget his past and especially turn his back on his young black friend in ten years to be the new spokesman of the Church. It makes no sense to see how basically our character is. It is this sudden and loose character change combined with an abrupt return to the hardened DeNiro-occupied (as his Taxi Driver character) form capable of fighting the bad guys. An excellent attempt at the filmmakers, but one that ultimately reveals itself as anything but serious. <br /> <br /> Also, the other characters are quite annoying, and what we have to recognize in them comes too easily - psychotic paranoia from the church leader, the self-interested actress flute (the first boyfriend Bronson has when he is in LA), and the new blonde girlfriend whose characters lack so much development, she is mostly just a go and speaks invalid. We just have to see them in fleeting moments where something coincidentally forces us to make assumptions about the characters. But there is really little development for any of them. <br /> <br /> The second problem with this movie is the wicked time the characters are involved in very little action. Much of the start is about introducing the characters of course, and later we see Bronson's difficulty in breaking into the L.A. scene and the frustrations stemming from constant rejection. But after he willingly changes his appearance and personality to be accepted, at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes wasted film, where little happens. <br /> <br /> For films seeking to draw attention to the irrational fear behind racism, this was not a finished with sufficient credibility.
