Before I begin, let me say that my experience of this movie could have been influenced by the duplication, which I am collecting from other comments, was the original one considered subordinate to some. So it is quite possible that subtitles or the apparently new DVD version would make a difference. Nor did I read the corresponding book; I am only familiar with another Japanese manga and may lack cultural context. <br /> <br /> Potential smaller spoilers in advance. <br /> <br /> I usually like dark thinking science fiction stories (like Blade Runner, 12 Monkeys, etc.), but I didn't like this movie. While it started mildly exciting, it became boring as it was only halfway finished. There are all kinds of problems; Let's start with what is probably the most serious: dialogue. The signs do not seem to formulate complete sentences; If they don't shout each other's names to the nineteen time, they are usually grunting monosyllables ("Kanedaaa!", "Tetsuoooo!", "Huh?", "Grrr", etc.). This leaves most characters completely underdeveloped and two-dimensional. It helps not least that many of them only get a few minutes of screen time without anything interesting to say that they would develop them away from the stereotypes suggested by the images. Grunting is enhanced by some random pseudo-philosophical technobabble that sounds vague and uninspired even by Star Trek standards. There is nothing deep and meaningful here - it all happens to be random, thrown together randomly from different pieces of file-sci-fi ideas without context. How small an understandable plot is is merely an excuse to begin the long-lasting final sequence consisting of escalating scenes of chaos and destruction. Not that there is anything wrong with a good bit of chaos and destruction, of course; But in this case you will find yourself asking "what is the meaning of it all and how long until it is over". Character development over the last 30 minutes consists of a little more than Tetsuo, which turns into Pizza the Hutt, for no apparent reason. The ending resembles that of 2001 - a bizarre string of pictures that far from solving or explaining anything, let the viewer feel he has just looked at a kaleidoscope for two hours. I am sure some will argue that this kind of thing is art; but for me it was just a lot of obvious imaginative use of color and shapes. (Some of the music was also quite interesting). Unfortunately, it's completely style and no fabric. <br /> <br /> Tired of Disney? Want to see animated movies that act smart with "adult" themes? I'm sorry to say you're more likely to find that kind of thing in "South Park".
