Really, the 80s began the trend of disgusting violence that was masking as a "horror movie". I was the target audience for this repulsive piece of waste, and I was disgusted as now. <br /> <br /> Oh, where do we start. Let's see the setup: You can bring people back to life if they died a violent death. So, the ridiculously weak premise is the excuse for slaughterers in terrible ways, because it is necessary to bring them back to life! This could have worked if you played over the top for black laughing a la Re-Animator or something. But no, it's just playing. There is a whole frightened family in a car being chased, one of the few scenes at least where their death is off. But almost everything else is on display. There is actually a scene where a young girl joins, is beaten and killed by zombie villagers, all of whom are filming and laughing with multiple cameras. Then there is a close-up of her face, as the filmmakers lovingly - and time consuming - reveal in timelessness that she is being knocked down to a skull and rebuilt to look "normal" again. Of course, this is done by a slumbering Jack Albertson as a mortar behind it all. He likes to drive around in an ambulance / sleeve that plays old Tommy Dorcey tunes, I suppose it should be sweet. Finally, of course, even the sheriff is undead and the doctor kindly offers to correct his decaying hands. Not clear why the sheriff is not out with the other townspeople who are killing children with joy and slipping their faces out, sticking needles in the eyes with sacrifices, etc. I really wonder what people see in a geek show like this to It any kind of assessment whatsoever. It's not scary, the twists are ridiculous, and generally it's a little sick. It's not even good enough to "watch it out" or enjoy a level you might see a bad HG Lewis movie. It's just God's awful garbage can that is made for people who get rid of this kind of meaningless doing and made by people slumbering for a paycheck. Sad that Albertson himself was involved.
