Seriously - avoid this movie at all costs. I just saw it in my first "snap preview" ever and even though I didn't pay any refund for it, I left the cinema after just 15 minutes. Which already includes 2 minutes of discussion among my friends whether or not to leave. The first time I ever went out of a movie. And I lived through some pretty bad ones. <br /> <br /> It is one of the movies called (and badly so), even though it appears in the original language. It is dependent on the oldest, simplest and cheapest jokes in the book. In the military ("What do we do when we reach the battle zone?" - "You get out of the car and die"; actually, it's much more fun to read here how it was delivered in the movie) on drugs (a guy eats some "spacecraft" , behaves really stupid and misses his wedding or has to live through it while it is loud - all badly written and acted), on women in the army ("Why do we only get trumpets? We were promised pistols!" - "That's it, that's the way it gets ") ... argh. Okay, you can actually find these really funny, but then you scare me seriously. <br /> <br /> Also, I've seen better appearances in the kind of soft porn movies you get on European sennat tv. So it had paralyzed jokes (badly delivered), in addition to lower average plays, lacking pace, was badly dubbed and edited ?? It just didn't work. At least not at any level used as a target for movies. I would even be as bold as saying that this flick shows that there are people who can be much less fun zan zee germans. And it says something if you like stereotypes. (As I don't, it's nice to play with them. But if anyone thinks I'm not PC enough.) <br /> <br /> Instead of watching this movie, do something useful. Try to learn crochet for shrimp, paint your toenails in a really annoying color, disassemble your bike, change some light bulbs, try to understand Einstein's theories, convert to another religion and back - in fact, go and listen to "last Christmas" of Wham! by endless repetition. Something but don't see this awful flick.
