What happened in this movie so it ended up being the total mess in it? Just a year after "The Breakfast Club", a brilliant movie with many of the same actors as in "St. Elmo's Fire" (which, incidentally, looked and acted in the latter more as they were still high school misfits from the former but without grip or discipline In portraying their roles, be it director or writing, since it was the same person (Joel Schumacher), it must be both, but then Schumacher has given us "Opera Phantom", "Phone Booth", "A Time to Kill" "and two Batman movies," Batman and Robin "and" Batman Forever ", ranging from good to big bill. Something went wrong on" StEF "because it has no genius at all, no comedy worth anything, and is very far away from the mark of what is really valuable in life Example: The Wendy character (a rich little girl with a heart to do well and help the less fortunate ones played by Mare Winningham) reveals to Billy (a monstrous slam cheating his wife and his boyfriends drink everything for uch and have no order in his life appropriately played by Rob Lowe) that she is still virgin. Billy really sees a challenge and possible conquest, but Wendy "is not ready". Wendy is actually not ready, it's hard to believe she's in this client of friends. Later in history, when Billy, whose wife left him, took his child and married another, he somehow pulled some of his life's strings together. Billy leaves for New York, leaves and abandons all custody of his baby daughter, convincing Wendy that her virginity would be the perfect "go away gift" from her to him. And Wendy, who works as a social worker, helps broken families do not seem to be phased at all by this despot. Give me a break. The only thing she can only give once, is she a loser who leaves her family and friends? Schumacher hits this scene as a wonderful and touching moment. Many more examples exist where there is a complete interruption between what is genuine and of value thrown overboard, and the actions are made to resemble virtue. <I suppose some might say that "it was the 80s," but I remember it was in the 80s that men began to be held accountable for the children they fathered, whether they were in a marriage or out . <br /> <br /> I think this movie is so bad because it is so synchronized with it, it's really valuable and right. <br /> <br /> As for the technique (not the story), it was terrible as well. It is uneven and feels like a 3 hour movie that has been edited for 1 hour and 40 minutes. Transitions and jumps in time simply do not make sense. Pick up what's on the editing floor, put it back, and the movie will probably flow much better ... but it's still a horrible movie. Perhaps Schumacher has become a better and stronger director since 1986 (he must have) or perhaps he was over the head when it came to writing the manuscript for St Elmo's Fire, or perhaps this group of actors took the translation and went their own way - That's what I really think happened.
