I would probably get a lot of flack to hate this movie-guess, I didn't feed myself with the right capable nostalgia of the generation before me. But that's enough to say - St Elmo's Fire was rather mischievous but also as far as Brat Pack movies go. Here is another nice example of the complacent neurosis, which is all 80s (hire, someone?) The reason is largely non-existent, and the philosophies are at best boring, poorly delivered the rest of the time. The complete lack of something resembling sympathetic characters does not help the situation. There was really no growth, no forward movement at all. Even the climatic suicide scene was effectively neutralized by once again refusing to allow death or something like reality or adult life. Each cookie cutter figure is simply about making you hate them in the most gentle, predictable way possible. Stalker is a crib without any notable reason other than he is a Stalker and Andie MacDowell is beautiful. Jackass does everything in his power to constantly remind you that he is good, a jackass. The beautiful sucker really hides soulful, deep pains with a wild lifestyle. The poet's mood and jumping around for a whole 3/4 of the movie until he can reveal (!) He is actually full of teddy bears and sunshine and rainbow. The maid eventually becomes a very good person after getting Virgin's desire for a hot roll in the sack with a Jackass before killing her to really change (for real this time). The Cheating Bastard cheats until it's time for him to get caught. And finally, the feminist goes around judging holy water on any soul that derives "engagement". <br /> <br /> Which brings me to my final beef - what band of supercement kept these people together as friends? I can't imagine being with one of them - now think about the whirlwind created by everything narcissism is centered on in a bar. And they were all so awful for each other - heads in toilets, near rape and sleeping with everrrryone. The cherry was after two BFFs like the total babons after screwing the feminist, she is like: "Umm, in fact I don't want to be with any of you anymore. Let's be friends! And we can hang out on a hero relentless way every day knowing that I can join one or the other at a given time, but none of you is satisfying enough for engagement (NOT THAT!). "And they all smile as if say, "Golly gee, I've never thought of that! What a good idea!" <br /> <br /> That's not it. Only in the way of watching this movie is it not.
