Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are devoted siblings who share an occasion and a love for many things - ballroom dancing, 1940s movie musicians and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by her new feelings. Gray matter turns out to be one of the softest movies I've ever seen. It is boring, predictable, unfunny, badly acted and poorly written. Nothing about it felt right and everything was very cheesy. Also this is not really a romantic comedy with a special twist but more a "coming out" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half sweet with the romantic stuff and the second half seriously with the actual acceptance and coming out part. Unfortunately she failed miserably. The first half was largely unfunny and only Heather Graham was able to keep it up. Then the movie took an awkward tone and became serious. The serious scenes were handled badly and all feelings just felt false. I suppose I would have enjoyed the movie a little more if the relationship between the characters felt more authentic. The brother and sister relationship was very weak and they did not seem to be so close. Their relationship did not feel quite natural. The relationship between Tom and Bridget also felt very unnatural. If two people are getting married after only knowing each other for less than a week, then you would expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters talked about getting married in Vegas just like asking a waiter what the offers are . There was a lack of excitement in the movie and it was hard to get involved in the movie with such unmotivated characters. The play was mostly weak, which was a little surprising considering the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the movie. She was funny and had a couple of charming scenes, but it was bad that all her co-stars were complete duds. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance rang fake at all levels. It also looked like she was reading her lines. Thomas Cavanagh was beautiful wood and he showed almost no feelings. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather was non-existent and it damaged the film because their relationship felt fake. I can usually rely on Molly Shannon to be fun in a supporting role, but here she was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying in both of them. Finally, Alan Cumming just had an embarrassing character and his performance wasn't very good. Overall, Gray Matters is a lame movie and it's not worth seeing. Rating 3/10
