This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You shouldn't watch this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, stop here being SPOILERS. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are Brother and Sister; Living together in everyone's eyes as husband and wife. No sex, but just about everything else. In the beginning, the film begins with its theme: "The most absurd thing at the most absurd moment with you guessed it the most absurd reactions". Gray and Sam decided to check out the dog park with a borrowed pooch. Then, push her brother to get it thin on the first woman they see for him, she does it and also gets the nitty-gritty questions. When she signals her brother to come over, they start a 3-way date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is their dream girl, like all the right things, etc.? Sam final hits Gray over the head and the couple finishes the date with a marriage proposal! What Charlie Accepts! For a week, Charlie, Gray and Sam will be in Vegas. In the coming week, Charlie and Gray are out of shopping for wedding dresses (apparently Charlie has an off-the-rack figure). Gray slurps an iced latte when Charlie suggests Gray, also tries on some dresses and chooses a $ 10,000 coat for her. While Charlie slips her into this "down-payment-on-a-house" dress, Gray continues to slam on the slat (I swear it was like a bag). What should happen, but 'woops!' latte all over dress. It never explains how they got out of Bloomingdale's bridal salon with a $ 10,000 mocha colored dress. Back to reality' ?? Caesar Palace Las Vegas. They have the 'High Roller Room' (Sam's resident surgeon and Charlie is an internal zoologist? Where do they all get this money?) Gray kicks Sam out to the single room at a time, so she and Charlie can have a bachelorette drink-a-thon was, You guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers nada. They make it a wedding chapel and just as the peasants come to their line "If anyone is here who has any objections to the union of these two lovebirds," Gray gets the hiccups. Gray apologizes for some reason, reverend must repeat his last line and again queue again 'hiccups'. Gray comes back to NY and starts dancing a man she meets, literally. And of course you are guessed it again! Homosexual. The other is a jerk and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) called Gordy. He is infected with Gray, but the emotions are not returned. They become good friends. This is good because when she comes clean with Sam about the kiss. He blows up and kicks her out of their apartment. When Sam comes to his senses, he goes to his office. Gray works at an advertising agency. This office tastes in the middle of dusk. It has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms sent to all computer monitors on the agency. Sam gets gray in one of the conference rooms for a non-private conversation and ends up getting her to the entire office. Here I doubt that there was a gay man or lesbian in the crew: Gordy comes to his rescue and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. Sorry, no men say the bouncer. So Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in a row. Poor move. He was in a sleeveless black satin-like blouse, a pearl necklace and a grandmother's church hat. No lesbian would ever confuse this 'man in a dress' as a dragon queen much less a woman. The bar was also the equal man's fantasy of what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything turns out peachy ?? She goes home with the firm's client. Gray happens to be on the woman's account and finally finally throws more. For some reason no one tells Charlie anything and she is unaware of the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but it is for the sequel.
