I had to go out on this movie fifteen minutes from the end ... after passing through the crossing phase and in plain boredom. What really upsets me, I really do disturb me, is that there are people who refer to this unlimited drive as "lovely" or a "must see". I would be deeply pity for those who were so afflicted if it was not a distinct impression that most positive comments about this superficial and humorous travesty were written by industrial plants. The truth is, this is a mockery that does nothing to entertain or enlighten. It is definitely unfunny, badly scripted and has the whole pace and energy of cold, canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs Kramer, the best thing to say is that it was a missed opportunity to read synopsis before I saw it, I had expected something more challenging. The possible misinterpretations of a near brother and sister's co-dependency, the unexpected awakening of "sisterly" sexuality and the comic potential of such a sibling rivalry (for the same girl's love) were all obvious issues for refreshing comedian exploration, but as in every turn the movie becomes frustrating away from. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is exposed to an enchanting array of uninspired and incompletely endangered clichéd characterizations and boring notions from a caste that fights for faith and, of course, in much tighter directions. The lack of direct control seems amazing; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek all give very pedestrian performance, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the latter - are sometimes embarrassingly overcompensated. One could blame this on the director - perhaps, Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors deal, they will force more laughter from the audience. But again, a veteran is cast; one would expect them to do better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what kind of movies she wants to make and for whom. In view of the possible issues, reference is made to Gray Matters, and given her inability to fully explore them in a comedy, she might consider writing dramas instead. I know it's never easy to make movies about women's and women's problems, especially when one hopes to reach a wider audience than women alone, but no matter what direction she takes, non-uniform and shrewd characters like Gray won't cut mustard. .
