When you watch a movie as silly as 'Hot Rod', you have to sit back, relax and change your intellectual capacity to a similar state ?? as in this case, a state designed enough to endure brainless drive, somehow wrong for comedy. With a short maturity of 88 minutes, this film was far beyond drawn and buried under a bunch of repeated jokes ?? jokes that came in a minority and were not even fun at first. The 'Hot Rod' base material is as superficial and irrelevant as the 2004 cult hit 'Napoleon Dynamite', though much more constructed and come without any laughter. In fact, the movie's blatant desperation to be compared to 'Napoleon Dynamite' is scornful and offensive and left me checked instead of just getting annoyed. <br /> <br /> The movie, if you were forced to call it, constitutes an eerie story that puts self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble in front of us, with the little intention of jumping fifteen buses (once his idol Evel Knievel jumped, so we are told by Rod) and raise $ 50,000 for his everlasting life-threatening life-saving heart surgery; everything to fight with his grandfather when he has been restored and respected? because you first have to fight them to get their respect. Huh? No matter what. Every character is no more interesting than Rod's splash mustache, and from the movie's opening grave to its ridiculous conclusion, did each scene play as an invisible and terribly eerie SNL crap? Which, in addition to another 85 minutes, is essentially what 'Hot Rod' strives to be. <br /> <br /> The movie star Andy Samberg contributed to an on-screen effort that reliably practiced every last drop of his comic ability. Unfortunately ?? quite realistic? his humorous talents are no more admirable than a five-year-old who tells his own exhausted joke that somewhere includes the innocent kittens and kitty pegs And if it is disappointing, grab a chair, hide your face in your hands and take yourself for the right stroke: he is the movie's humor! To save them from their deterioration, I will be happy to omit the horror of Samberg's co-stars and leave the second third of The Lonely Island team, director Akiva Schaffer, to his non-existent instructor talent? or a comedian. Basically, everything you possibly do to further tramp a crash-course comedy can be perfectly portrayed here; and made as arrogant as if the movie would be more fun that way. Do you think that even a single laugh in this pile or treat yourself to another movie? Any other movie.
