Recap: Doctor Markov has developed a new theory on how to produce energy, knowledge that can imbalance the world. He keeps his knowledge coded and secret and desperately wants out of the Soviet Union. KGB on the other hand desperately wants the new technology. So they set up a scheme. During a rescue attempt to unlock Markov, the KGB step in, Markov takes a secret position and entices him to reveal his secret by saying that they are in Sweden and working for the UN. As a backup, KGB removes Markov's foreign daughter. The CIA now sends their best agents, a team of (Swedish?) Ninjas to counteract the KGB and save Markov and his daughter. <br /> <br /> Comments: A cult movie that, despite not being very good, needs watching. The film is quite ambitious, but lacks in many areas. First, it is very dark, likely to hide places and bad effects, that some scenes are difficult to understand. You can't see what's going on. The other thing it lacks is martial arts, despite being a ninja movie. Sure there are some of the poor quality, but mostly the ninja burns guns or explosion sets. The automatic guns also pose a problem as they seem to have an endless supply of ammunition. And the ninjas seem almost immune to bullets, while Soviet guards die like flies. What has it talking about then? The idea and ambition for the most part. Some actually, and especially for a Swedish movie, decent action scenes, though not martial arts. Some good slow-motion scenes and pretty much blood and gore. And some very interesting new weapon technologies that make the victims heart or brain explode. Mostly all parts you are looking for in a B movie. Because it is definitely a B movie, no mistake can be made. But if you expect it and see it as a B movie, it's entertaining. But don't forget, it's not just a B movie set in the eighties. Some girls, for example, wearing ... let's say "interesting" clothes, have lethal doses of eye shadow and makeup. On the whole, look for cult status and ambition. Enjoy it and forget it. <br /> <br /> 4/10
