This movie cannot think of whether its message is "people are evil and bad, and animals are sweet and blameless" or "never go back into the water." A fisherman (Nolan) is out to be a killer whale, a very bad thing, but when he accidentally (INCREDIBLY marks you) hits a pregnant cow instead of his buddy, the cow - and I use the word in all senses - who is of course a sick psychotics and the canonical villain in the play - throwing himself against the propellers, trying to chew on the bit in the most disturbing and hideous, not to mention inefficient methods of killing themselves. (I doubt it was her first.) When her unborn fetus interrupts her scary self-inflicted wounds, her companion mentally retaliates and swears to hurt, kill and mutilate any human being who speaks to Nolan even so much. Of course, as with people, the total psychos date others overall psychosis. <br /> <br /> The film's series of half-thought anti-human message, "the poor poor whales !! The evil men must suffer and die!" and yet it does not succeed in demonizing Nolan at all. It is true that when he pronounced, his motifs were selfish and cruel, but by the first whale's first whale he grew a heart, and as the film progressed, he grew more and more compassionate to the whale's pain until it appeared he will go out on the ice and go to the whale to make it feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The film's last journey, where Nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey to the north reminds me of Melville's creepy whale whale connection and for a moment suggested a truly interesting conclusion where these two husbands could connect, understand themselves to respect each other in their own grief, for Nolan lost his wife and unborn child also to an accident. Obviously, Nolan respects the whale and feels its loss. However, it never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses this focus and becomes Jaws-like, where the sea monster finally kills everyone and Nolan and no doubt, through an oversight, fails to throw up the whaler (he made a good snap to the head a little earlier. ) I love animals, and I detest whaling, and that's more, I love hurricanes, but if the movie's goal was to make me feel the whale was the victim and that people are evil and abominable, it totally failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels to others, and all whales are thinking of killing and limiting. <br /> <br /> The only message you can go away with is "If you see an orca whale, ever anywhere, run the other way, if you step on the wrong road, he'll chase you the ends of the earth that destroy everything around you. "
