Many have said that Orca ?? Killer Whale is a jaw rip-off. This is not really true, even though the huge commercial success of Jaws undoubtedly made this man. Beast stories more attractive suggestions for filmmakers in the second half of the 70s. Orca ?? Killer Whale would be better described as a modern rendering of Moby Dick. It's a story of obsession. On the one hand, a whale obsessive quest to avenge his mate's death; On the other, a bounty hunter obsessively seeks to kill the whale before it can require more life. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale arises a very disappointing movie, its fundamentally interesting ideas are somewhat ruined by hammy performances and sensational plot. <br /> <br /> Shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) meets a marine life scientist Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) diving from the Canadian Atlantic coast. Their encounter almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a large white shark, but a Killer Whale comes in time to stop the shark. Then Nolan is increasingly obsessed with catching a Killer Whale and selling it to an aquarium. But he plans to catch fire when he accidentally kills a pregnant female species while the confused man is watching. Rachel tells Nolan that a Killer Whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and emotion like a human being. The worse is that native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that whales will always remember their grief and do everything they can to get revenge. Nolan initially tries to forget the entire unfortunate incident, but the whale causes chaos in the fishing village, and the disgruntled locals begin to demand that Nolan go to sea to track it and destroy it. Finally, Nolan is forced to pursue the Killer Whale ?? The hunt leads all the way to the deserted ice river in the Arctic Sea, where man and animal play their last deadly battle against each other. <br /> <br /> Two films stand out in this movie. One is the joking score of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of all-time movie music, his talents wasted on various tenth-rate clunkers in the 70s and 80s). The other is the fantastic widescreen photography by Ted Moore, making the movie consistently pleasing to the eye. In every other department, Orca ?? Killer Whale is a shoddy movie that does nothing to improve the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris seems extremely sick throughout the film, his hair swears, black rings around the eyes and skin fatally pale. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling hits many sexy bags, but fails to convince with its long-standing and uninformed explanations about the ways of the whales. The rest of the actors are wasted in short and undeveloped roles. The most memorable one that sees Bo Derek, gets her leg bitten by the revenge whale. The reason is total nonsense from start to finish, with such treacherous sequences as the whale deliberately starting a fire in the fishing village that angels and destroys the local refinery! Although it is credible to assume that whales are intelligent creatures with true feelings, the idea that a whale could plague revenge on a single human opponent and perform it so computingly can be completely absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is really one for the perfect of the man. expensive cycle from the late 70s. Most will get away from the movie, shaking their heads in disbelief and slipping their teeth with despair.
