This movie deserves another bad review. Consider a reviewer who elaborates on the virtues of the film that includes 'no sex, violence, or gore'. Uh, excuse me. The movie's very set-up sees us as Cody's young buddy, with love for life, and who has everything to live for, is blown to bits leaving Cody holding his lifeless bloody body. And given the nature of the war, we know that Cody has almost seen daily horror. So much for those who see this movie with such rose glasses that the violence that defines Cody's persona is erased from the viewer's memory. <br /> <br /> Sans every family of its own Cody, like John Rambo, strikes the country on his bike making the long trip to the hometown of the United States in the cover of a place called Nevada City. No mention, no realization of the clear fact that Cody is damaged goods. We know when his CO practically declares him that he orders Cody to "rest" away from the death and destruction of war. This explains, as no one seems to notice or care, Cody's obvious "flat" effect. It is not bad to act. It is the flat effect of post-traumatic stress disorder. Don't guess here, remember his CO ordered him from the battlefield. <br /> <br /> What about the 'unfortunate' kiss as noted by another review. The fall was an accident, the kiss was not. How accurate was Cody 'respect for' Faith by turning on her and knowing what she was talking about? Now it was a moment for non-family value. A moment then announced to the immediate universe as if it was posted on YouTube. Of course, the belief in the belief in faith and Cody's "move on" to a woman planning to marry another is received in the spirit of Christmas, all CHEERING their cheating hearts and lips. <br /> <br /> We know a little about the fiancé of faith, except that she confesses her love for him, she takes no more than a nanosecond to accept her proposal (could have waited for any other thoughts), he is generous , he loves her to death, the family has nothing really against him, he believes the marriage is based on compromises, and the two have never discussed post-marriage plans. There are no evil actors here. <br /> <br /> Asner is a fine actor given over the ground dialogue like 'we love you son ....' 'You are part of our family' literally days after they meet a stranger named Cody . And the "brotherhood's speech", where the wording was never intended for virtual strangers outside the battlefield. Bottom line: This movie is cotton candy Xmas fluff that betrays itself in great ways. Most roughly, when she applauds Cody's respect for the faith by physically turning her on and knowing what she is being talked about. By defining family as we know it, we accept a virtual stranger as a fully developed loving family member because we all love you. How many of you have done or know someone who has. DOES NOT.
