I recently watched this movie on the Hallmark Channel. In my opinion, the film started decent enough, but eventually became sour. <br /> <br /> The story: An American soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards that a woman back in the United States has sent to troops for Christmas. He is so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels it has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When he is on leave, he goes to the city itself, which the woman lives in. He crosses and spunky a young woman and finds out she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets with the family, and after saving his father (Vietnam War Veteran) from being hit by a car while crossing the street, the family decides to take him in for a while. We learn that he does not have a family at home. The soldier is in favor of helping the family during the Christmas season by working with them in their logistics company. The family will love him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the family daughter - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man she is in love with. It is also a long distance relationship. The girlfriend is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and trips to France over hard work and the great outdoors. The woman prefers the latter. Throughout the rest of the movie, there is a "love triangle" when the woman's boyfriend is back in town, visiting her for the season. Everyone in the family seems to have the daughter to be with the soldier, and the mother wants pretty much what is best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman is going to like the soldier more and more as they have much in common. They happen to spend a lot of time together. She is gradually attracted to his persona. Then he kisses one day one day, and she kisses him back. Now she is so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him one day, but she has become so fond of the soldier. Soon, the girlfriend (who does not know the kiss but is very protective of the woman and thinks the soldier has tried to move into her) decides to propose the woman and she accepts. However, his plans for their marriage are not plans she wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, go to exotic places, and if they have children, he will bring them together. This doesn't sound too exciting for the woman. But the soldier feels bad about what he's done and won't make things worse. Then he decides to leave the city, despite his father's invitation to stay and stay with his daughter. It all comes to mind when we find out at Christmas with the church that the soldier has not left yet. The girlfriend and the woman talk to each other outside, and he broke the decision basically to let her go and break up with her. The film ends with the woman and the soldier together. <br /> <br /> Things I like: I like the soldier through much of the movie. He is pretty good-looking and polite, with a strong feeling of doing good to others; there are moments where the family joins the church and participates in charitable causes; the family holds hands and asks during an evening meal at the table; father and mother have a long-standing and manifestly healthy marriage; the soldier is trying to do the right thing in a situation after he did something very wrong <br /> <br /> Things I dislike: There is a very typical "love triangle" story in this movie; the soldier gets angry as he slowly and subtly moves into the woman and then finally kisses her when she already has a girlfriend; most of the family virtually welcome this behavior - the family joins the church and participates in services, but that's how they act there is some bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed when the movie ran, and it got worse and worse. I ended up fast at the end of the movie because I had enough. So the movie started off with a few gem moments, but ended up destroying itself. Therefore, I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
