Orca begins as the crusty Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew tries to catch a big white shark so they can sell it to big bucks, unfortunately when a rude marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) comes under attack From the Shark killed by a Killer Whale, this raises Nolan's interest in Killer Whales and decides he wants one of them instead. But when he tries to do so, he catches a pregnant woman and damages to the extent that she interrupts her unborn fetus on decks that make a mess and scares her mate, Nolan orders the whale dumped back into the sea, which is what happens. The male Killer Whale is annoyed to say the least and kills one of Nolan's crews before reaching Newfoundland's dry land in Canada when Killer Whale performs a series of attacks on the city, and it is people trying to lure Nolan back out to sea for a fight to death ... <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson I thought this blatant rip-off was horrible, I'm sorry, but I thought it was just ridiculous and completely boring even on a modest 90 odd minutes. The script by producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is so silly, I am lost to words, the fact that it seems to take itself very seriously does not help and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling continues with how intelligent Killer Whale is only once until I scream. I'm sorry, but I just don't think that a Killer Whale is intelligent enough to know who a particular boat belongs to and drops it, I don't think a Killer Whale can cause a huge explosion, including knocking oil the lantern from a wall on the opposite side it hits as there is no road on the ground it could know that it was there, i dont think a killer whale can identify a person's house knowing someone is in there and then destroying it with will, I do not think a killer whale can move icebergs around to catch a boat, I do not think Killer Whales can physically recognize people and I do not think it has any revenge or at least no one as strong as this silly movie does out . Maybe I'm a little tough, I think it's just a movie, but it's a movie trying to be serious and things just got ridiculous that I waited one and a half for Killer Whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and hand (or should it be fine?) deliver it, it seemed to be intelligent enough to do just about anything else. They should have asked for a cure for the cold! Seriously, it is a statement that is no longer downloaded than anything else in this movie. I found the movie very boring, completely boring and had horrible character without even the screen. It goes without saying that it is a Jaw's (1975) rip-off that doesn't even come close to Spielberg's classic. Director Anderson is no Spielberg that is certain, this rubbishy movie has absolutely no excitement, scary, excitement or atmosphere at all. All the attack scenes are as boring as the bowl and completely forgettable, there is no structure for them and almost no pay, either as Orca does not eat a single person. Then there are the scenes that literally made me laugh, the screams of Killer Whale that seem to cry are pure comedy and the opening scenes of the two Killer Whales, I suppose they were trying to show them as a loving and caring couple, but I could not help but think this is the closest thing we ever get to Killer Whale porn, funny stuff. The recordings of the Killer Whales themselves are boring and boring, instead of recordings that match and enhance the scenes around it, it looks just like boring wildlife documentaries that have little connection to anything else. Do you get the impression that I don't like this movie? Well. Forget about gore or decent deaths either, there's a short scene when Bo Derek has his legs bitten, but blink and you'll miss it. <br /> <br /> This probably had a big budget and it still sucks there is nothing excellent with Orca, it's well done, but I think, but flat, bland and totally forgettable. The cinematography, however, is quite nice. The action is bad, Rampling is horrible, and the late Harris' Irish accent is embarrassing. Orca is a lame Jaw's rip-off, which completely ignores or destroys everything that made Spielberg's movies as good, it's one of bad movie lovers everywhere. Absolutely not recommended even though it is not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
