Forbidden Siren is based on Siren 2 Playstation 2 (so many 2's) games. Just like most video games turned to movies, I would say that the majority do not translate into another medium really well. And this is also painful for this. There is a rather long prologue explaining and setting the precondition for history and the mysterious island that a writer (Leo Morimoto) and his children, daughter Yuki (Yui Ichikawa) and son Hideo (Jun Nishiyama) will move into. The villagers do not look too friendly, and soon you get advice on the siren on the island, to stay indoors when the siren begins to cry. <br /> <br /> Of course, slowly and slowly, things start to bump, and our siblings are on a mission to turn around the bush to discover what is happening on this unfriendly island with its strange inhabitants. But in truth you will not bother with what is going on, as folklore and adventure are thrown in to envelope the plot even more. What really pushed it into the right of bad comedy is its unforeseen unintentional moments that just constituted pitiful giggles by its sheer stupidity until it is explained much later. It is a thing that tries to come up and present something smart, but another thing makes it convincing and with holes covered. <br /> <br /> Despite running in under 90 minutes, I think it's a horror movie phenomenon to have it as a runtime benchmark - giving it almost two hours of sensation with its slow build to tell what it will. Things are starting to pick up over the last 20 minutes, but it's a classic case of too little late. What saves the movie is how it changes and its revelation at the end. Again, it is a common entity used to try to raise an apparently simple horror movie into something extra in the hope of arousing an audience. It turned out quite satisfactorily, but leaves a bad aftertaste as you will feel cheated a little. There are two ways a twist makes you feel - it either raises the movie to a memorable level or gives you that sense of hokey. Unfortunately, the forbidden sirens were more to the latter. <br /> <br /> The saving grace will be its filmography with its use of light, shadows and mirrors, but I will be so explicit - it's still not worth it, so better to avoid this.
