The best Laurel and Hardy shorts are filled to the brim with accidents, accidents and destruction, mainly caused by Stan, but with Ollie getting the penalty (!) Of the penalty - see the great 'The Music Box' (1933) or 'Towed in a Hole '(1932) as some classic examples. <br /> <br /> But for some reason (it's because it was based on a sketch of Stan's father?) The boys are just playing it in a 'comedy' built around jokes and suspected fun situations. It doesn't come out. It's just another three-dimensional boring 30s comedy that's only elevated with the personalities Stan and Ollie who never really show any of their trademarked moves (Ollie's finger waves, Stan's blank stares, etc.) or comic abilities. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with those running from the police. Since we never see or know why, it's hard to believe or accept their fears of being caught and hiding in Colonel Buckshots mansion. The principle of "humor", Ollie passes by when the Colonel and Stan leave as both the butler and the girl, are never very engaging. They do not play 'Stan and Ollie' in this movie. Their parts could have been played by some of the pedestrian audio actors, and that would be just as bad. Stan could mime and do whatever he wanted to make fun, but he didn't get the chance to do any of this. He is limited by pronouncing too much dialogue to "move" the plot, but none of it rises far above the silly. We are treated with endless triple comedy castles like the running gag, who doesn't correctly say Lord Plumtree's name, "Call me a cab! Okay, you're a cab!" Joke, police lose their clothes and are seen in long johns and a non-sequential end of Stan and Ollie as the two parts in a painfully obvious horse suit, as they make their escape on a bicycle for two, and James Finlayson still makes his silent whole body takes and keystone cup jumping jacks. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie do much better in a situation of comedy in the 'Desert of the Desert' (1933) where we'll see them do what we love about them - be themselves. In fact, 1932-34 seems to be their best year. Since this movie doesn't play any of their strengths, why bother it? I'll give it a 3.
