FBI STORY (1959) was Warner Bros. 149 minute epic tribute to the famous criminal investigation agency! From a book by Don Whitehead came a somewhat cumbersome manuscript of Richard L. Green and John Twist and was directed only at a modicum of flair by Mervyn LeRoy. But it had a fantastic color Cinematography by Joseph Biroc and a helpful score of the study's musical magician Max Steiner! <br /> <br /> The film shows the Bureau's history from its small beginnings in the twenties to modern times and its all through memories of the aging, fast-paced agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) when he tells his exploratory experiences - in flashback - a class of budding young agents. But it's all very long and episodic! And as it progresses, it begins to resemble a TV mini-series instead of a major movie production, when young Hardesty drives the US crime field from recording such infamous criminal characters as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, etc. For sorting out thrilling organizations such as the Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spy rings and the Red Menace. And here it must be said that only for the screen's presence and appeal of its star FBI STORY would probably have ended a forgotten disaster. Moreover, this is another problem with the picture - Stewart is back to wearing the whole movie almost on his own! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has the incredible role of being his long suffering but devoted wife - he is surrounded by a roll of smaller players! Throughout you, you will find half that expects someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or Raymond Burr to have a welcome entry as a mobster or police chief or whatever. But nothing as imaginative as it ever happens! Pity! <br /> <br /> However, the movie succeeds in giving a good look into the Bureau's work! Using Stewart's story, we learn about the thousands of men and women working for the organization, which includes hundreds of field agents. And we are also treated to a look inside the headquarters that houses the gigantic recording section, and we also get a glimpse that chemists and fingerprints experts are carefully going through their daily work. <br /> <br /> Another plus for the movie is Max Steiner's remarkable score! Heard of the titles is a powerful, awakening and definite march, while there is an attractive love theme for the gentler moments of the image. But quite brilliantly is the threatening and eerie march theme of the Ku Klux Klan sequence. And even better, the rhythmic Latin American music composer wrote to the South American scenes, especially the exciting Fandango as orchestrations for the arrival of the federal troops on horseback. The FBI STORY was one of five scores the composer wrote in 1959, which included Samuel Bronston's Navy "John Paul Jones", the charming Rome-com "Cash McCall", Delmer Daves's seminal Western "The Hanging Tree" and Daves "A Summer Place ", which was derived from Young Love Theme - which was to become a great hit tune for Steiner better known as" a summer resort theme ". <br /> <br /> FBI STORY is about passing pattern as a movie thanks to Biroc's rich color Cinematography, Steiner's wonderful music and of course Jimmie Stewart, who does something to sail! <br /> <br /> Classic but rude line from FBI STORY ............. Like the gentle Nick Adams (who has just blown a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother) being led away by handcuffs, he turns to the arrest and strikes: "If I get an email, you can send it to Canyon City Prison for the next month or so - after you can send it to HELL". Wow!
