This is a fascinating movie - especially to old movie buffs and historians (I'm both). Unfortunately, during the first half of the twentieth century, black Americans were not allowed in white theaters. As a result, theaters catering to the Black wanted the audience to show films reflecting the black experience and showing the black actors. In many cases, the films were essentially uniform to standard Hollywood fare, but with a much, much lower budget - and usually horrible production values. You really can't fault filmmakers - they just haven't got the money and resources available to the average movie company. As a result, they had to be caused much less - including overloading of actors seen over and over, no money for resuming scenes and a need to get the movies done quickly! This movie tried very hard to be a black version of a Gene Autry movie - instead of Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a light-skinned man from mixed ancestors and he starred in several similar cowboy films. In each he sings a little, struggles a little (though very badly) and loves a little - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries still lives at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was excluded from an autotag picture - complete with anachronistic things like telephones out west! The problem is that the low budget shines despite its similarities. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) flubbed a few lines, but they just left it, the battle scenes were totally un-choreographed and were among the worst ever put on film, there were some odd plot holes, there was no background music (leaving the film strangely quiet) and the play was pretty terrible. <br /> <br /> Now, it doesn't mean the movie isn't worth watching - only it's about technical issues that prevent it from being scored higher. One reviewer, oddly, scored this movie a 10! How it can be with all the problems lies beyond me. But I can understand someone who likes the movie despite his many problems. The reason is generally pretty good, the characters like it, the musical tracks are excellent, and you know that the people who make the movie tried it so hard, and that is a very important piece of American history. But a 10! <br /> <br /> By the way, in a weird part of casting, the very tall, lean and almost white shiny Jefferies are paired with short, dumped and exceptionally dark Mantan Moreland .... like their brother !! Spencer Williams may also be familiar with you. He played Andy on the TV "Amos' n Andy".
