Although there are some excerpts in this 4-part documentary hint on the need for recreational drug law reform, these are not very well developed, unlike the many excerpts from those who believe that drugs that happen to be illegal are a nuisance. for which the only conceivable solution is the imprisonment of even those who are guilty even if they are only such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program as a whole leaves the viewer with the impression that the fabric war is basically a vain exercise and a waste of money, and for it it deserves some praise, almost nothing in this documentary deals with much real problems, such as the total war against those who have only illicit drugs, naturally cause and contribute to - very real problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you if asked, do they believe the drug war is designed to solve . For example, while many minutes are spent on the rise in violence associated with the increasing popularity of crack cocaine in the 80s, this program does not at any time show that the very laws designed to suppress crack cocaine makes it impossible for drug sellers to enforce their contracts and business arrangements in lawsuits that force them to resort to violence to stay in business. But instead of seeing the laws as an important cause of violence, the substances themselves seem to be ashamed of the blame. Inexplicably, the alcohol ban, the violence that occurred and the subsequent return of the ban are completely ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help maintain ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and it is these that are the primary force in driving the very expensive and very problematic war of drugs. The possibility of incorporating substances other than alcohol into a good and successful life is not really affected. The use of an excess substance is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users exceed their medication, and not all alcoholics are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want a view from someone who believes that adults have a moral right not to be imprisoned and have their lives destroyed by the criminal justice system just to use drugs that the government for most very arbitrary Political reasons rather than reasons based on sound social policy and legitimate science have decided to completely ban if users have decided to not-so-metaphorically war against, just forget it. None of this is here. <br /> On the other hand, this is hardly in the anti-drug propaganda category. It is mostly an interesting neutral presented history of drugs in the United States in the 20th century such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there is an essential element in different people's views on drug law, and most (but not all) of it are not very thought-provoking or well-informed and sloping in favor of drug warriors mentality, especially with regard to drugs other than marijuana. The criminal justice system, along with its often harsh life-threatening sanctions, is, of course, not the only answer or the most appropriate answer to every societal problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation of an as yet unnamed disease whose primary symptoms are a deficiency. fantasy on social policy when it comes to certain drugs, lack of compassion for fellow human beings, a prejudice against people who use drugs that are not government-approved, perhaps an interest in the growth of the prison / police industry and a horrid apathy for the human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or imprison people unless you have a very good reason to do so and it is clearly not such a reason to have a select group of drugs. This is really the primary problem when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. So overall, the parts of this program that neutralize history without feeding stereotypes of drug users who are at the heart of the drug war mentality are pretty good and interesting and entertaining. But when it comes to presenting a rational non-radical point of view on drug policy and giving the viewer examples not only of people with drug problems but also the many people who successfully incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives, it is quite disappointing .
