I almost saw this at an actual cinema (an art theater theater, no less!) But couldn't do it there in one whole week it played, but yesterday I finally saw it on cable and ... well ... was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna has done it again: NOT ANOTHER BOMB! When will this woman learn? When will the studies learn? (Or maybe they already, when this movie was pretty much dumped, with a little fanfare and deadly mouth-to-mouth.) One could hope to be directed by his talented man who has created some interesting and / or terribly entertaining work would bring out of the same quality Madonna showed in "Desperate Son Susan"; alas, it's just not supposed to be, because here she is at her very worst: Singularly convinced of her own greatness, the smugness that permeates all the frames she is in, is made more unbearable by her woven faux-british accent, a accent that only emphasizes that her speaking voice is immature in quality and not very pleasant. It may sound unnecessarily cruel, but listen to the woman and watch her movie of the last decade: As a last day Bette Davis there is an unmistakable fragility to not only her wagon but to her face and body here, despite The hot photography shown throughout the movie (perhaps the only saving grace) made no favors. For her credit, the whole affair is so misunderstood that you wonder if the world's greatest actress on her best day could do something about this mess. No one involved escapes unharmed: Bruce Greenwood actually seems to be painful to be on the screen, although the bad Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to carry herself as though she is actually in something good that I always thought, "denial is not just a river in Egypt ! " Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, the star of the Italian original, "Swept Away ..." is like his father before him hugely attractive and is not quite bad (despite winning a Razzie nomination for "worst actor"), but Like almost everything else about this production, it all comes back to Madonna, on whose shoulders blame. Why her? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Just who do you think was behind this remake? Which actress won't have almost every shot of a movie centered on her, with only a relative nobody sharing the screen? Oh, Ritchie deserves some guilt: surely he - or someone - someone! - should have and could have taken its lead aside and insisted on something that adjoins ACTUAL FEELING in its lines (for her performance is so wood it is a surprise, the rest of the throw did not get splintered) or at least showing a shadow of heat ... but she seems resilient to anything but a cinematic black hole. Besides everything else, this is strictly a vanity project for its star, so she is ultimately responsible for it. A movie like this, a classic "classical" class class, should be light and fun with leaders who can jump apart with witty and even romantic dialogue, for what can a movie whose plot involves two diverse people stranded really be? Honestly, I don't think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they were trying to; It also doesn't succeed as a comedy (I dare you to laugh yourself once) or romance (Madonna's princess princess routine excludes any chemistry). It's not even bad enough for us that we love movies. A real shame ...
