Madonna has for years tried to prove not only herself, but the public eye that she can act. Unfortunately, you try too hard while not throwing your own persona, not well together. <br /> <br /> She seems to be better off when she's NOT the star of any movie: if you see her supporting performances in DESPERATIVE SEARCH SUSAN (1985) or LEAGUE OF YOUR OWN (1992), she actually comes to look good. As the story is about other actors, the weight of expectation is by default taken by her shoulders. <br /> <br /> The problem starts when she is asked to be the star of a movie, regardless of the genre. Being the focus of a plot to be told in a visual way, whether good, mediocre or terribly, she must emote in ways that resemble a real-life movie behavior, as opposed to a video performance. This is the crucial difference between Madonna and, we say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The latter two, even though the film should fail (because the visual storytelling lacked any efficiency in having us related to it, or because the manuscript was short, or because the actress itself was not at the moment), there would be an extra thing in Their performances would raise the film from being a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep have had their share: Bette having a longer career than Streep, in such a danger as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Stripe in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there has been the naturalism in the way, both of which attacked their roles, which made us forget the film's banality and look at the performance. Madonna, on the other hand, is not a particularly gifted actress able to really let us in on his ability to convey a person other than himself, far worse, and even in the hands of a person like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG ( 1992), an inferior classic, she thinks in her pace and a little stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she were aware of the cameras and crew and just couldn't escape. <br /> <br /> Here again she tries to prove that she can act in what is essentially a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie, who is more known for action movies full of masculine energy, seems like a story that tells a story closer to any of Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell a tale of two people with incredible lightness. And for 89 minutes, the events happen in such a convincing way that when the final half-hour comes together and the story takes a dramatic trip, it doesn't feel sincere. From being an absolute witch without redeeming values ​​that are suddenly in love, this must be the most compelling 180 degree turn when Fay Dunaway's Laura suddenly discovered his passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE OVERS OF LAURA MARS (1978). Just as convincing is Adriano Giannini's unpleasant twist on the middle of the movie - it lacks humor and feels really psychopathic - and when he gives in to Madonna's love, it is too fast to be believed. Filming this in slow music and a visual montage of lovemaking and beautiful scenes does not reinforce or add to this "transformation" from what would have been a story of survival between odd signs of a love story where both discover each other. <Br /> <br /> Trying to have an unsatisfactory ending also works against the movie - it only pulls, bogs it down, and when Madonna is filmed, going from hope to destruction in a close-up feel she Try too hard. Many an actress has done better in conveying so much to do so little. Hers is a performance that is more suitable for actors in the late 20s, early 30s, where the position is compensated as part or a feeling. <br /> <br /> Could the movie have been better? Of course. There are countless ways to have filmed it in a way that would allow the viewer to feel that these people at least could hope to see each other again - it has been done before, for example in OVERBOARD (1987). It could have had an existential undertone where two very different people must trust each other, but not necessarily change (to ensure a moral tone). Much dialogue and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared a more "silence" movie appearance - as in PERSONA (1966). It could even have been something of a thriller, provided the Giannini character has an average stripe that Billy Zane had in DEAD CALM (1989). Although it would have been done as a sex farce, it would have worked better for Madonna as the top, uber-control freak to get her comeuppance. But with its sizeable streak of humor, without a glimpse of her character, which has a softer side hiding behind a mask of bitchdom, and without defining Giannini's own character, it becomes another misfire trying to see like a fight of the sexes.
