Unless I unfortunately fail, I rented a nightmare on Elm Street 3 several years ago, and there was a music video, I'm pretty sure what was called Dream Warriors at the end of it, and I rented this on DVD hopes That video would be there because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how things from the 80s are so fun now, but nothing is more fun than the 80s rap videos. There was this rap group that sang the song Dream Warriors on the VHS version of this movie after the credits, and they all wear jeans jerseys without underwear and form fitting jean shorts, all of which are smeared on the bottom like Daisy Dukes. What could make a rap group look stupid, I can't imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) Anyway, I was disappointed to look for that video on the DVD version, so all I had was this mediocre Freddy Krueger series. The kind of movie starts with the same idea as part 2, with the protagonist witnessing all sorts of cruel murders and so kind of getting out of a trance and dealing with the bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house that Nancy Thompson used to live in, then runs to the toilet, the wash handles turn into Freddy's hands and attack her, and then she wakes up in her bathroom and has worn her own wrist. Then the movie becomes the usual mental hospital payment. <br /> <br /> `` Larry 'Fishburne, tired of always playing the bad guy in his roles, was happy to take on the role of this movie as a decent, stern but accommodating when patients will bend the rules little. Not surprisingly, he turns to what's blown up the best performance in the movie. Arquette later continues to become a well-educated actor, but had not perfected her acting skills as she starred in this movie. The characters in the film are mostly all patients in the psychiatric hospital that Kristen is placed in after cutting the wrists. Everyone is cynical and non-cooperative, almost no one believes they really belong to it at all. Eventually, they realize and can convince the staff that they all dream of the same man, and it's not just a kind of group hysteria. Heather Langenkamp has returned in her famous role as Nancy Thompson, this time growing up in a dream scientist as a result of her childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, she is able to quickly relate to hysterical Christians and the rest of the patients as she had experienced exactly what they are going through. There are some interesting killings at this rate, and the technology used for special effects has taken a big leap. There is a giant worm-like Freddy trying to swallow Kristen all over, there is a scene where a television turns into Freddy, and with mechanical arms he picks up one of the patients there for a late night entertainment and punishes her for sitting too close to The TV, but there is also a compelling go-motion scene where a couple of guys have a fight with Freddy Krueger's skeleton that has shaken in the trunk of a car in a car ride. And one of the more moody scenes was one where Freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream (the one famous for sleep), tearing muscles and tendons out of his arms and legs and guiding him around like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> We look into Freddy's past at this rate. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also find out the circumstances that led to Freddy being fostered by more than 100 galaxies. In the battle against Freddy, the patients bind together and in their dreams use their special powers (most reflect their shortcomings in real life) to fight him. A student who is tied to a wheelchair is able to walk in his dreams, another has the salvation of what he calls the 'guide master', another is `beautiful and bad '(she has lots of makeup , her hair stands up in a mohawk foot high and she has knives). Clearly, however, the film falls when it only has one of the patients, who can't speak, has no power in his dreams of climax in the movie when he suddenly realizes he can speak in his dreams just the right time for to save the day). His dream power was a little too obvious to have been left out for so long, but collectively, now you see why the movie was subtitled Dream Warriors. On the whole, this is not a very weak entry into series. The action is pretty scary, but it's actually pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne overshadows the rest of the casting and exhibits wonderful acting skills early in his career and the film is not just a rehash of one of the first two ?? a problem that plagues Friday the 13th movie much more than the Elm Street movies. The characters have never been developed enough to allow for later creation of much tension. Therefore, most of the deaths are across more creative ways of killing someone in a horror movie than the tragic loss of life on one of the characters we have come to know and root for their victory over evil. But then again, not many horror movies take time to really develop their characters to the point where you throw your hands into defeat when they are killed or are on the edge of your seat as they run for their lives. But it is important to note that the few horror films that actually do so are almost always the best ??
