NIGHT EVELYN came out of the grave (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). <br /> <br /> I only saw this delirious piece of Euro-tosh in the way of Alpha Video's terrible DVD release (looks like an extremely poor video transfer), but from what I saw, not so interesting enough to buy No Shames latest DVD release. Considering their excellent track record, it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous releases. And don't be aware of the ridiculous coverage shown here, it's not taken from this movie (a girl with a head on a Jim Carrey look-a-like). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sports a hip hairdresser and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man haunted by my late wife Evelyn's memory. This leads to a nervous breakdown which he has retained in a psychiatric clinic. When Cunningham is released, Cunningham channels this trauma by taking red-haired prostitutes to his rural castle and submitting them to malicious acts of torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you think, Italian horror names are "composed?"), Advises him to forget about the past and reuse, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a look at the castle. Eventually, after killing some more girls, he meets Gladys, another redhead, and marries her almost instantly, but his new wife comes to a number of outrageous events. Bloodthirsty creatures strike at Sir Alan's family and kill them one by one. Cunningham becomes more confused and visits Evelyn's tomb and discovers that it is empty. Soon, a number of "outsiders" begin to suspect that some fishing is taking place in the castle, and Lord Cunningham's treatment could not have been so successful. Director Emilio Miraglia is trying to mix Gothic thrill with Giallo Conventions with limited success. As usual, not the slightest effort to convince the audience was the film set in England. The cars run on the right side of the road, everyone sees the Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is patented Italian. This is common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they just take a little too far. The poor printing even made this a bit tolerable, as it is so dark you could still not see much of the surroundings. But then again, this is the kind of movie where something can happen in the name of exploitation, and that's not really the problem that portrays reality. A large part consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the castle torture chamber, but most often Anthony Steffen hides his way through this and shows some horrible over-acting. I think it all depends on your state of mind, and it can be a fun piece of nonsense if you are in the right mood. I just couldn't take it, at least not with the print I was looking at. A pleasant score, however, by Bruno Nicolai, who combines listening-listening with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
