I wondered why I didn't like Peggy Sue Got Married more than I did when it first came out in 1986 with all the hype. Somehow I found Nic Cage's character offensive. Way off-putting. So the plot did not seem to make sense. So at the end of the credits, the question came to mind: What point did this movie make? What did it say? The answer was unfortunately not much if anything. I really do not think this film aims to make a statement; Unless it was "your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes no matter what, so watch out for donut and not the hole." Not a very in-depth statement, and I'm sorry, not deeply made in this movie. Scripture is simply not that good. The direction is uneven and is sometimes overwhelmed at times. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, worth only in this movie and did some of a miracle that created a whole character in spite of unusual inexplicable circumstances, with a script that had no apparent statement to do. <br /> <br /> She also finally cleared the mystery for me from the main reason I didn't enjoy this movie any more. She says in her autobiography that Cage made a point of fighting his uncle Coppola's direction every step of the way, making it "his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and putting a blunt voice she called "stupid ". His voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was pitiful and indulgent as a young guy. I understand what he was trying to do: play a young guy "hot shot" who is not as hot as he thinks he is and creates his own karma for future failure. But he goes overboard, the way he does it is abrasive, not effective, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "fighting the man", we would have had a more enjoyable movie. Cage glides a bit with her unpleasant voice stylings in the movie and occasionally sounds like a real person, and these scenes are more visible than others. But if I had to watch the movie in its entirety, I would find myself paying a person in L.A. to pour a bucket of water over his head under some of his more affected (put-on) scenes. <br /> <br /> The movie does not aim at a statement, does nothing, it is good to look at, except when Cage makes a denied Elvis impression (but without the voice) and ultimately, confusing and wasting time. Considering all this, Kathleen Turner deservedly deserved an Oscar in this flailing mess in a movie. I can't recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this unless you like Turner and getting the remote to choose all their scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything plotwise by skipping the other scenes and it will make as much sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner gets a lot of crap from critics about her Cage comments, showing she is strong enough to be honest and to hell with other people's comments. You go, Turner! I am not particularly fan of this actress more than I am of any other top actor or actress, but her desire is refreshing. Cage's plays can be good to annoying, and here it doesn't work. At least in this movie, now we know why.
