Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a nutjob (seen early to try to escape an insane asylum), where this castle slowly bucks to destroy, likes to kill various hookers that resemble his late wife Evelyn, a woman betraying him for another man with the red locks. This nutcase is quite wealthy, and his bachelor's degree can be quite attractive. However, he was exceeded by his obsession with his late wife's memory (specifically her infidelity. He saw her naked with the lover). While Evelyn's memory almost devours his entire existence, Alan tries his best to find true love and believes he has with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked. It is probably her lonely feature as she is not a very good actress) who agrees to marry him after a very short marriage proposal that is likely to throw up with flags immediately (there is an important moment of dialogue where she knows exactly the right amount what he is worth). <br /> <br /> The only real person Alan can trust is his hospital doctor, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key people in this movie about Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a good friend who often delivers him victims. I mean dates while I am hoping to get her master's property one day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, testifies to Alan's slaughter, and instead of beating him into the police, he squeezes him for cash. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), the wheelchair bound, lives in the castle and is often seen snooping around behind cracked doors. We later find that she has a love affair with Albert. All that is described above shows the rest of the story, showing what appears to be the ghost of Evelyn, jumping Alan, a person killing members of the cast family who are turning around Alan, and Evelyn's body is missing actually. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is who commits the crimes after Alan and Gladys are married, where is Evelyn's body and will Alan go over the edge? I have to be honest and say that I just wasn't very interested in this movie. It is very uneven and the pacing is everywhere. It looks good on the new DVD and "rising from the digging sequence" is cool, but what really hurts the movie in my heart is that the whole casting is unlikely. You really have a hard time caring for Alan because he is a psychotic who skates on thin ice to keep his beauty. He can be quite volatile. Whoever commits the crime is really not a big surprise because after several key persons have been murdered, there are only a few choices that could do so. What happens to Alan does not make your neck gulp because you can make the argument, he just gets what he deserves. Those behind the whole movie's schedule compared to Alan, whom I pointed out earlier, are not so shocking because if you are just a little aware of certain circumstances (.. or benefits they had) that would benefit them with collapse of Alan's sanity, then everything just comes out of less than stellar. I thought editing was choppy and unexciting, but the play from the whole casting is really under par. Some styles help and there is a sniff of gothic atmosphere in the cemetery sequences to help some.
