This British pot-kettle has one thing to go for it: the young men are uniformly beautiful. The older men are perceived, right-thatcherites, whose behavior brings back all the acrimony of Reagan / Thatcher years. Young or old, however, morality in this three-part mini-series is universally suspected, and no one is particularly well-off. Nick is a beautiful young gay man out of Oxford. It's not essential to the story, but he has an extraordinarily beautiful hair that makes it easier to see this drift. Nick comes to London with a friend whose father Gerald is a rich conservative politician, and babysitter his sister Kat while the family frolics in southern France. They neglect to tell him that Cat, when sad, cuts a selection of knives and other kitchen utensils. Nick fails their self-serving "gratitude" for devotion and moves in and finds out how much they despise and direct him. Inexplicably, Nick lives in this house for four years, but as the plot depends on this point, it is best not to question it. <br /> <br /> While Nick is most gratifying to look at, he is unbearably obsequious. His cunning suppression of rich bigots soon had me climbing the walls. Deeply closeted except Cat (she guesses her great secret on sight), he does as a little anonymous sex just as we know he is actually gay. Although hardly possible, Nick takes a girlfriend who is even more closed than he does. <br /> <br /> Supercilious Tories are scoring and insulting the two blacks in the movie, so imagine the poison that traces when Nick's sexual orientation is reported in a tabloid. Gerald, in true Tory fashion, has become involved in several personal and economic scandals, so the revelations of Nick add to his shame. This gives Gerald a final opportunity to rename the rude boy around. <br /> <br /> Apart from a brief moment of anger, Nick takes up the abuse on him in silence and tacit agreement. Denial, self-assertiveness, naivety or ignorance? You decide if you can manage through this whole thing without throwing anything on the set.
