Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multimillionaire with a couple of screws loose (thanks to his first wife's adultery and incredible death during the birth), lures sexy, red-haired women to her castle and offers them bundles of cash for the weekend. When he returns to his ancestral pile, he gets them necklaces, continues to endure them with a bull-whip and kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls for her abundant charm, he decides to give up his murderous ways and get married. However, their faithful bliss is short-lived, thanks to Alan's poor mental state, which is becoming increasingly fragile when his dead wife Evelyn begins to appear outside his window, and a fate of cruel murder within the castle comes. <br /> <br /> Let's collect: a groovy 70s Euro horror with lots of lovely women in different states to dress up; spooky gothic retreats and misty cemeteries; a sadistic rich psycho with a penchant for drop-dead beautiful babes with cracking bods; more evil murders (including a great deal where a victim has his head based in with a stone and her speech eaten by foxes). Normally a checklist would guarantee me a good time ?? so why did i find 'The Night Evelyn came out of his grave' so boring? Well, first of all, the plot is too violent: there are red herring, crazy plot developments, and suspects galore, and it gets too little. At the ridiculous end, where we find that there have been more and more people planning to get their greedy paws on Alan's wealth, and that our redhead-killing nuts have to be the movie's hero? ? my head was too much to care for! Secondly, Emilio Maraglia's direction is right torpid. Stylish, yes; but as slow as molasses at times. And then there are the bits that are just too stupid stupid, possibly even a giallo: the death of poisonous snake bites (probably one of the most bizarre choices of weapons ever); Alan's Aunt Agatha, an old, paralyzed relative played by a beautiful young woman; hiring a group of uniform curly blondes as maids; the poor attempt to convince the audience that the film is set in England (to mention 'pounds' and to employ a crap police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then of course it is not likely to find a bag of sulfuric acid that is next to a swimming pool ... 'Night Evelyn came out of his grave' is not a total waste of time (how could it be with so much female meat on show?), but there is much better giallo out there. Watch this if you're a fan of the genre and you've already seen the best, but don't expect too much.
