This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, on the so-called 'consumer sins'. Be aware that 'Reverend Billy', an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against consumer sins. We might like to ask questions such as: What makes 'Reverend Billy' live? How does he make his money? Does he live his "tax deduction" organization? How does internal earnings justify this as a "tax-deductible" church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everybody knows that Christmas is commercialized, but it gives a day out of a whole year where people have the opportunity to be charitable and allow a large number of people to spend time with their family , friends, or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But holidays and holidays give people the chance and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but with perseverance, Americans and always do it through great difficulty. And even in times of struggle, America has proven to be the largest country in the world. It happens when Americans pull together and unite rather than separate and divide. Yes, there are problems with companies and monopolies, but it will get the Americans to bring back the small business, along with the label of responsible care of people living in our individual community. Yes, globalization has given us its share of problems, but it will make the Americans bring production back to America. The Americans and the US Government need to learn how to stay on a budget, no matter how large or small it may be, and we must stop our dependence on credit. Our over-dependence on credit will make and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. And if we can save even a small amount of money, we will get money for a rainy day. Not to say that, as Americans, we will get an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans have the bulk of America's wealth. There is a good closeness that you or I can reach the level of the upper middle class. And who knows what can happen from there?!? Be positive, work hard - and at least you and I will be able to reach at least some (if not all) our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have what is to be achieved. And if you or I don't have dreams, we might as well be dead. In America, there is always room for lots of hope and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the package, but we can always become the leader of the package. It has always been my experience that churches and religion do not offer anything more than further distortions, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But as for the distortions expressed in this film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rank this movie with 1 out of 10 - but to a great extent, this movie deserves a zero. This movie has no integrity and I can't recommend it.
