What happened? These were the first words that came to mind after this horrible movie finished for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare at Elm St. had gone markedly downhill after being a cult classic of a first movie, but I doubt anyone expected this terrible deviation. No one expected this cosmic joke of a movie, and no one is more confused about it than I am. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst ANOES movie of the party. It doesn't seem to be wrong at first, with a real scary intro and a rather elongated shower scene with Alice. But then we hit the bottom right in the beginning with bad acting and a jumbled order of events. I'm sure Freddy's movies should be dreamlike and scary, but one is like a train wreck in the bad sequencing of events and horrible plot setup. It feels like you're coming down with a horrible headache, not as if you're scared. So the control fails completely. None of the excitement and the well-developed horror of past successors is found here, and even the death scenes are mostly only crazy and moronic (the death of food in particular), except for the one cool scene designed as a cartoon battle. Therefore, this film gets a point. <br /> <br /> The story ... Lama, Lame, Lame, LAME. It was an excuse for outlawing people and making the MPAA crazy, and no more. <br/> <br /> Is that ... should I mention how Freddy has been transformed into a childish boogey-man-like clown figure? How did his rebirth scene make him look like a monster out of a 7-year-old scarecrow instead of the preventive and nightmarish killer we've all known and mocked since the first movie? That arm waved and stupid chuckling when he reappeared ... ugh. And his one liners too. Throughout the film they suck. Bad. A classroom can come with more fun things, and the vomit Freddy spits the entire movie's 90 minute duration. Hell, a chimpanzee could come up with much more fun lines than what Freddy has been told to say here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is also annoying. It seems so pointless. Like a gnaw buzzing around your head, a gnat that just won't go away. Freddy is just an annoyance now. We've seen him so many times before. This is nothing else and much of the time you just want him to take his awful one-liners and get out of your TV screen. Alice, instead of the thought-provoking and quiet girl from the last movie, seems annoying and very low, and this is obviously due to the horrible, horrible script this movie was equipped with. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actor and sometimes it shines through the cracks here, but she can't save this movie. The other actors sugars first of all. The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie is horrible and embarrassing. I hope that Englund is ashamed of this. Who would like to see Freddy running around like a mutated gorilla with his limbs stretched out and laughing like a cartoon villain? This movie destroyed something positive, I felt the nightmare series. I can never see them again without this picture running through my head; of the missing cartoon contamination that Krueger became. He was slowly becoming a jokey, retarded pop culture icon, but this is the lowest of the lows. This is the rock bottom. Nobody will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously again after watching this movie. He is nothing but a joke, a clown that is a long time for retirement. Pathetic. Of all the movies I could hate, why should it be Nightmare on Elm St, a series that I once loved and liked a lot? The Dream Bar represents the death of a legend and the destruction of any hope I had in the nightmare of the Elm St. series. Freddy would continue his downward spiral in clown status at the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was more entertaining than this was actually), and then he would continue to break the mood of Freddy VS Jason and finally I want to know this is great seen has been a rant on why Freddy sucks now, but this movie is overall, horrible and one of the worst movies ever made. Not recommended to anyone and even ANOES completions will not see this again.
