I'm still trying to determine if the previous rate was worse than this, or vice versa. Since it's almost fifteen years since I saw this movie, I can't remember that much about it. Maybe it's simply because I only looked at it once or twice, but I doubt it. If there was anything worth remembering about this movie, you can be sure I would remember it. <br /> <br /> At the time this movie was released, the franchise still entered its dying phase, so much media coverage was given to it. It is never a good sign when teenie pop magazines explain the basics. Such an article had to explain that Freddy became too weak to attack the dreams of adult people, so he decided to go after Alice's unborn son. So far, so well, but it is the job of the author or director to explain the audience. It should not be left to any independent publication. <br /> <br /> Using the trivia in part three about Freddy's view, you can expect half-scenes that would lift this joke out of the category "horror for babies", but unfortunately it wasn't. It is possible to show the pure idioci of the American rating system that a piece of B'harni-esque waste like this could get the same rating as a really scary piece like the original. At this point, the Franchise could not attract anyone with an active career. Fortunately, or unfortunately, depending on how you look at it, Lisa Wilcox was there to give a quotient of competent acting. Or maybe she just looks competent in relation to the rest of the cast. Whatever she had the last role in something called The Chastity Blade's All New Adventures, I doubt she really had anything else for her. Even poor old Robert Englund has been in better productions than in the last fifteen years. <br /> <br /> Given that the return office return was in a steady decline and not just for this franchise at that time, one would have thought that the studios would realize that their movie has become neutral, no longer make them blessed. In fact, this film, as its immediate predecessor, was so neutralized that it not only managed to attract a new audience, both managed to alienate the core audience who originally supported the franchise. In spite of this, Part Five must have some credit for not having the bright, luminescent feeling that made Part Four so insulting to look at. <br /> <br /> I gave a nightmare on Elm Street part five out of ten. By trying to appeal to everyone, or MPAA's idea of ​​everyone, it manages to appeal to no one. Like parts two and four, one could delete it from continuity completely and no one could feel the difference.
