This is crap .... complete crap. I can't believe any company could even get people to work on a movie like this. Full Moon has a number of horrible movies, but it must be the worst. First, there is no plot. It is strange. It's like they took an idea for the story, and kind of never really came around to develop it. They seemed to have spent a lot of time filming outside shots while the two "heroes" drove around in the desert, and Bradbury speaks obscenity for approx. 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy are running and when Dez and Bradbury are running) where it just went on and over and over ... it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where there should have been some dialogs or actions. They only ran for about 5 minutes, with nothing but music and shots in the surrounding countryside. <br /> <br /> Next, we come to the play, which is simply horrible. First, the girl playing Dazzy is just an animal. She's so scary I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Terrible casting. Then you have the guy who played Dez who couldn't act if his life depended on it. His "cry" is actually fun, and his crazy antics are even more fun. The guy who plays the desk clerk at the hotel is as bad as the guy playing Bradbury. There was no action that deserves any recognition in this movie at all. <br /> <br /> Makeup effects ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? The effects were so fake, they were ridiculous. The crazy little robot sees catepillar things intervening on someone they cut away, and when they come back, the guy has a completely fake flesh wound. On a. Did they go out of money on the makeup budget or what? I have to say the druggie chick that is in one girl's apartment ... lovely makeup there too. I think they should have a good look and I think she should have a black guy, but it looked more like cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is just awful from the start. The story is stupid and very, very unoriginal, the direction looks like it was done by a 10-year-old, the actor is the lowest of the lows, and so on. NOTE away from this movie at all costs. It is only 70 minutes long in the first place, and at least 20 minutes is busy with either music and no dialogue or the character sitting in the hotel. Don't waste your time on this piece of waste.
