"The Sacred Blood of the Damned" is the third episode of the Gabriel Knight games, a series of adventure games about the rogue author / paranormal detective, Gabriel Knight. Gabriel and his companion, Grace, have been asked by Prince James of Albany to investigate a series of mysterious attacks by so-called "night visitors". When Prince Prince James was kidnapped, Gabriel persecuted night visitors to Rennes le Ch창teau, where he began to gather a mystery of the Holy Grail. <br /> <br /> Despite marketing, this game is not about vampires. . Vampires have a token appearance in the game, but never order the center stage, like the voodoo hounfor in "Fathers' sins" or werewolves in "The Beast Within." Gabriel and Grace make no attempt to uncover the true nature of the vampires or to research vampires. Although the vampires kill three people during the game, their victims are randomly chosen and have nothing to do with the main plot. Much of the charm of the first two Gabriel Knight installments was in the relationships that Gabriel formed with the villains. Through these relationships, the player could not help sympathize with the villain, thus turning the villain into more of a human and less of a monster. But in "The Holy Blood", Gabriel's only interaction with the villain is through a single, cheesy interview that does nothing for the villain of the player. <br /> <br /> The roles that Gabriel and Grace play in this mystery are quite in vain. Gabriel spends his time snooping into the identities of members of a treasure hunter tour group living at his hotel, but what he reveals is no more than a red herring. Grace spends her time exploring the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau, but all of his research becomes obsolete by the presence of a confusing ally who has known the answer to this mystery for centuries. This confusing action the ally and his polar opposite --- the vampire leader --- are indelible. Allied magazines tell of the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau in broad daylight and expect Grace (and not the other treasure hunters from the travel group) to find them. However, he could have revealed the mystery to Grace in its entirety on day 1, instead of endangering the kidnapped child for another 48 hours. And finally, he simply tells the Grace mystery at all. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the vampire leader fails to reach the targets for centuries of scheming because he chooses to abstain from action for two days after the kid's kidnapping. The only reason for his decision to delay action is that he wants to enjoy his victory. The game would have been much better if it had been exclusively focused on the Holy Grail. The kidnapping and vampires should have been omitted, replaced by a race against the Vatican to uncover the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau. When Gabriel was portrayed more than once as reluctantly Catholic, this conflict would have had many opportunities for character development. <br /> Overall, the game was a disappointing episode in the series, despite an improved interface and return of Tim Curry as Gabriel Knight's voice.
