SPOILERS: I'm always surprised at how many people gave this game good reviews. It was awful. The scripture and the voice that works alone destroyed it. Gabriel and Grace are the most incredible characters in the game. You almost pray for their death. And worst of all, there are less vampires in this game than there were werewolves in The Beast Within. The lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing. If you expect some sort of Anne Rice style vampire story, forget it. This game's story has very little to do with vampires. You won't even see anyone at the end, and even then you won't fight them. History has radical and rather blasphemous views on Christianity. I am amazed that it came out of the drawing board. I'm not even a Christian, and I found it offensive. Mostly, history centers on a search for the Holy Grail and buried treasure. The kidnapping of a royal baby who should have been the focus is really pushed aside. There is no urgency for Gabriel to find the child. In fact, he almost never asks anyone about the baby after the first few blocks. <br /> <br /> The graphics are pretty bad. The signs are moving at the snail's pace even on the best systems. They are lumpy and outdated. And it's hard to go from FMV of the Beast Inside this horrible game engine to the Holy Blood. The relationship between Gabriel and Grace also takes a horrible trip. I really don't know why it was so terribly rushed, but they sleep together. And it's not fun. Gabriel spends most of the game telling his best friend Mosely how he thinks of Grace as more of a sister, and he doesn't think she's one for him. And he really seems widespread that they slept together. But he is so inappropriate throughout the game that you almost never care at that time. His dialogue was the worst in the game. And he constantly made stupid sexual induderos on any woman throughout the game. At the end of the game, Grace leaves him with what seems to be a dear John letter. I suppose she was so tired of him as most of the players were. <br /> <br /> I found the story to be annoying and boring. I expected to play a story about a royal baby kidnapped by vampires. And I expected to see and fight vampires, maybe Gabriel or Grace might have one. But no. Instead, the story focused on the author's crooked vision of Christianity. What a shame. Here they had the elements for a fantastic adventure, and instead we got it. <br /> <br /> For me, the only interesting parts of the game were actually the end. We get some action style puzzles at the end. But it wasn't worth suffering throughout the game to get to them. <br /> <br /> I can't really recommend this game. I had got it back when it came out many years ago, and I hated the game engine so much that I made it for years. I dusted only recently to see what I had missed. And now I'm very sorry about what I did. My favorite people were destroyed. I hope there will be a fourth game just to redeem the series. And I hope they'll get it right next time. It would be a terrible shame to finish the series with this installment.
