The tragedy is that this piece of dirt was part of my curriculum while I was studying cinema. So imagine how I was forced to see it in full. Believe me going through hell is much much easier. Our professor told us this is a movie ??? but he never thought we would disagree or assume the opposite. I don't think there are any gods on earth, we are only humans, so all the filmmakers, therefore they can make mistakes, bad movies .. Or very bad too. The main problem was not that art in every way is susceptible to endless views, but that many people just don't understand that every single person got their own true taste, their own meaning, and therefore what I suppose is the greatest movie ever Made, can also be your worst ever and how it is right both ways, but how many people can understand it correctly? So my professor believes in this movie, and I simply don't do it. The only way to evaluate this thing, however, is by measuring it by its original intention to show us different kinds of ancient peoples or anything to capture the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. To tell you the damn truth did Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini as scriptwriter and director it unbearable to see in the first place. The movie is so UGLY. I can't stand here, so how about analyzing it and then discovering the potential beauty in it !! It is beyond your mind fate and wonder not for the sake of the film's case or anything it is for the sake of the unstable vision of (Pasolini). His work is so primitive to underdeveloped extent. The lethal filming technique, the effective sense of silence and the incredible audacity made everything uncomfortable. Look at the terrible action, the unfruitful cinematography, the very poor phrases ... It can end your objectivity tremendously, as it looks like this movie is a real pain like taking the wisdom of a blind doctor. There are terrible nightmares that could be more merciful than this. So, initially, how to proceed just to review it fairly? In fact, you don't. Since this movie does not treat you fairly at all. There is really a memorable scene here, where some boys look into the camera's eye (!) I try to connect some things to the end of Pasolini as murdered.
