Yes, I "get" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time I feel that his "Decameron" is greatly overestimated, and more than a little disturbing. Overestimated because the supposed "realism" he introduces (milling crowds, crumbling architecture, etc.) is perceived by the absurd and fair goofy way the characters behave. In the pursuit of realism, Pasolini exploited many non-actors, but their heart rivals gazing and painfully awkward line delivery gives the whole a horrible off-kilter and inconsistent feeling. And honestly - many of the toothless, eerie people are painful to look at. <br /> <br /> And Pasolin's "Decameron" is disturbing (at least to me) because of the relaxed and prevalent homosexual content. Not because I am cautious or homophobic (but I am not), but because the emphasis Pasolini puts on homoerotic images and situations is contrary to the neo-realism that he is otherwise acting for, so it comes out as free and forced. You can almost hear him say "Ooh - I must keep a sweet, naked boy in this scene!" At times, it seems that Pasolini is trying to play the gay angle in order to thumb his nose by critics and other times because he enjoys this aspect himself, no matter what his audience prefers. <br /> <br /> The incoherent of the 9 or 10 different stories in Pasolin's "Decameron" struck me as a mistake in Pasolini as a narrator, rather than being an aspect of nealealism. He seems to be bored with every story, and then he wraps them a little convincingly and with little conviction. Even Pasolin's last line of dialogue in the movie, which some seem to find pithy ("Why create a work of art when dreaming about it, is so much sweeter?") - for me it just makes me wonder why Pasolini would bother to make one movie if he felt that way? In my opinion, a far better film (and with more homosexual content) is Fellini's "Satyricon". It is also full of bizarre people and absurd situations, but it succeeds because of its pacing, direction and strong storytelling, while "Decameron" fails of the same elements.
