No movie with Madeleine Carroll in its cast could possibly be unwatchable. That said, I must add that this British movie is coming close. The story takes place on board the "SS Atlantic" and it is loosely based on the "unfinished journey of the Titanic". The word "invisible" is spoken, the liner hits an iceberg, and we hear a celestial chorus singing "closer to my God to you". The convicted passengers eventually take over the song, in a smart bit of sound work. But the year of the film's release (1929) means that a modern viewer must accept otherwise primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of silent movies and the stage. It's not a problem. The big mistake of the movie is pacing, and pacing was well developed in silents. But if the dialogue was delivered with a realistic speed, the film's operating time would be cut in half. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result is sadly boring now. The structure of the film is preferably illogical and unlucky. Paradoxically, I found some details on editing quite modern in technique: fine, sudden cuts from one area of ​​the ship to another, sometimes even on sound effects. Although we are aboard the 'Atlantic Ocean' from the first shot, we were well over 4 minutes into the movie before I discovered that fact. There are long, intrusive musical passages of the ship's dance orchestra. (Entertaining, easy sound.) Personal stories are presented in a completely uninvolving and convincing way. Don't even think about acting. Mountain is a small thing, and the outer damage it does on the ship's hull is a minor belly. But the passenger's scenes are swirling into the lifeboats - clearly staged on a real liner, presumably tied to a dock - generating great excitement. Apart from the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are the film's only centers of excellence. As the film and ship near their end, the screen turns black all the time when power generators begin to fail. Their last, eternal blackout is the end of the movie, with a sunset / sunrise dressed, a clumsy symbolic effect. The 'Atlantic Ocean' is a cinema curiosity. At best. <br /> <br />
