I am a Motion Picture Production major at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday I unfortunately had the opportunity to see this God-fearing movie in class. We were informed by our professor that it would be very fun for us, but the reason we saw it was because it was one of the first audio films - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with early sound film was that Hollywood actors only knew how to make silent movies, and they weren't good at remembering lines. So producers and directors would look on stage to get actors. It sounds like a good idea, right? Well, the kind of acting you do on stage doesn't appear too good on movies. Most of the actors in the "Atlantic" look and sound like they are in a game, resulting in lots of hearty laughs on the overbearing. Another limitation of early sound film was the microphone technology. You couldn't move the mixes as you can today, you had to keep them static or it would pick up the sound of the air moving through. There was usually a mike used in a given scene in this movie. On a particular scene, there is a man sitting at a table. Someone goes straight up to him and delivers their line and then goes away. Another actor comes up behind him, delivers their line and then goes away. It continues like this for a few more people. The microphone is, of course, close to the man at the table, making a ridiculous actress carousel. <br /> <br /> Only technical issues. If you get into the story and the direction, it gets even worse. The story is a fictitious account of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and meaningless. A "story" of a man who cheats his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the movie. It is barely resolved and lets you wonder why it was there in the first place. A miserable attempt at high drama, the actors take a long time, pregnant breaks between lines many times. It's tiring and you can't wait for this 90 minute (feel like at least 180) movie to come over with. I will not talk much about the issue of racism at this time in our country, but it insulted me that there were only two blacks in the whole movie and they were portrayed as animals. They both pushed past the women and the children to try to get into one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course they didn't do what they were shot. I was shocked. <br /> <br /> I give this movie a 2/10. I would have given it a 1/10 (the lowest rating possible), but I gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first audio films and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good early audio movie, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail", which also came out in 1929. You will find that the best directors were able to adapt immediately to new technology.
