For me, an unsatisfactory, compelling hoist is film. With an A-List cast, especially the three leaders and an experienced maverick director like Spike Lee, I waited much more, and finally, I felt that what was being delivered added a little to this movie subgenre. Initially, I did not like the pacing of the movie and started with mastermind Clive Owen's raison d'etre piece for camera, unnecessarily repeated at the end, and found the story peppered with confusing, not to say unreal apparent witness talks, so find you even jumped into scenes you sense had begun earlier. Of course, the camera's work is constantly floating, constantly on the move and incorporating hand-shot shots a-plenty, but instructor Lee fails to supply voltage or voltage that falls down fundamentally by not making any of the main protagonists of the movie. Denzel Washington is balanced with clothes and bad jive talks about a "Shaft" movie forty-five years earlier (he even has, "no one understands him, but his woman" thing is going on, filled with his "hot" boyfriend, enters her with something fairly crude and inappropriate "dirty talk") and his gentle "In The Heat of the Night" rival Willem Defoe (in almost a bit) hardly raises a ripple. Clive Owens plays his character with a resolute English accent, though we are allowed to believe that the band is Arabic based, also prevented from playing 90% of the film with a mask over his face. Jodie Foster delivers another of its patented tight ice cream, sub-Clarice Starling becomes like a well-connected economical bounty hunter, if you want, too little effect. All in all, it's a real mish-mash of a movie with a light but clear twist at the end. In fact, the title gives it from the start, spoiler fans. The worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly Washington's witness interview, incredible with an 8-year-old street kid, even though Owen's dialogue with the same child in the past runs it close in embarrassment. During the film, i-joke references are made of characters for classic hoist films such as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor in the course of praise. More like "The Hot Rock" instead ... and even that was good for a few laughs.
