I enjoy a good, slow moving drama. Christmas In August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Just By Her Bachelors, The Way Home, Spring In A Small Town, Hana Bee, Eat Drink Man Woman, Dolls, Love And Spring Summer Autumn Winter Spring is All Funny Movies ?? Just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subset of drama-based films trying to ride the interplay of good films while giving nothing of interest. This is what I call IAN movie ?? "Incredible artistic nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenre, and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this cream is the cream of crap-infested waste under the guise of "art". People walk around in their apartments, drink water, stroll back and forth and wait to pay phones become vacant, hang posters, stationery together, walk in the bathroom, eat, do pushups, have sex, pat in mosquitoes, etc. I 'I apologize not when I say it is an exact synopsis of the entire movie, which is the hallmark poster child of meaningless household waste. There is no plot, no story, no interesting or remarkable events, no emotions, no meaningful dialogue and most important of all ?? no drama. <br /> <br /> The most eventful scene has two people "banging" on a bed with a person masturbating under the mattress ?? Ironically, it is also completely tasteless and free. The relationship between the signs on the bed is practically non-existent. Tsai did not seem to communicate with the viewer about these people other than the obvious fact that they like to "bang". The person under the bed is just as one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes drinking water, makeout with melons and ironing himself. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development." A really displeased "entertainer" indeed. <br /> <br /> Tsai true contributions in Vive L'Amour are perhaps the most horrible scene in art history film history. He first shows the leading actress go all the way from one end of a park to another in 285 consecutive seconds, only to then show her crying hysterically? For absolutely no reason? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The movie ends so suddenly. No point. No entertainment. Just pure, concentrated torture inflicted on the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to strike a dead horse. The underlying theme of loneliness is abused so much that the only true feeling of this movie is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa gives a much better show about loneliness in his horror movie Cairo. And guess what? It's actually interesting! That movie moved as slowly as molasses in January, but there are better ways to handle the concept of loneliness than the complete waste, known as Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example of that. <br /> <br /> Movie theater fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for managing this movie, as he has undeniably proven that a cinema cinema can be as badly crafted as B-grade, television-promoting television. Art-house snobs have now officially lost their pedestal of self-righteousness. The quality level of your precious genre now overlaps with movies like Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like them apples?
