Movie: There are some very interesting comments on IMDb about this movie. It is really terrible. Not enough money is spent on the movie, and the way Spike Lee has made it, it makes a combination of an indie movie and an action girl. Signs / Actors: Denzel has made "EXACTLY" what he does in each movie, so no surprise there. Here's a little mindset for the readers. Think fast of 10 Denzel movies. Now count how many of them were, where he played a policeman / detective / body guard, no matter what. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on his plate soon. His best performance was I believe in "Beyond Borders". Apart from that, he did pretty much the same as he does in every movie as well. His tone and way of speaking was very similar to what he did in "Sin City". Surely this guy by acting what he doesn't know is a better way to choose roles. He is in desperate need of a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the movie if you look at her for the first time in your life. She's done better. She has had better roles. It then happens in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall on their knees and pick up low-class roles that Jody Foster did in this movie. Plot: Plot was not confusing, in fact I could think of such a plot, actually the whole movie, while I dumped a nice big Chinese dinner. I mean move on, **** SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm sick of the unnecessary Haulocast and Racism token. The film is about bank robbers, why put Haulocast and Racism in there, try to play with people's feelings, work with someone? NOT ME. The police let the bank robbers go and believe they were hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we're talking about US police force and security here. No one could figure out where Clive was, I think they didn't find anything else with that room. Who do we make fun? Conclusion: Sure, watch this movie, if not something, you will have fun talking to your friends, how bad the movie was. At least, people will not believe you are stupid to watch this movie because they would think you went to see it because it has a big star cast "MISTAKE".
