I have seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and I have come to the conclusion that he has an ability to act. Scenes are kinetic and quickly combine elements of martial arts, weapon figures and samurai battles with camera work that effectively captures the screen's carnage. With "Versus" and "Aragami", Kitamura showed that creativity showed that he could more than work on a low budget. So what happened in "Alive"? To be more blunt, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive" it was a two hour plus movie with little to no action and little to no sign and plot. Adapted from a cartoon by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive", a study of the life of a Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) is a series of death judges who survive their execution. He then gets the opportunity to either repeat the performance or to submit himself to a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the latter, and immediately after it is placed in a room with a rape and later with a girl infected with a strange parasite, in exchange for host humanity provides supernatural powers. Naturaly at a time when the parasite moves into Yashiro, the bad thing is that it doesn't happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" puts the first half into the creation of the basic exhibition. Characters are introduced, their motivations are set and their relationship between each other is uncovered. It all happens even in a set. The first major problem with this comparison is that while "Aragami" was only a 70 minute movie, "Alive" draws for more than two hours, making the first part over an hour long. This length could have been justified if the characters had become a little more interesting, but unfortunately that is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without feeling or depth, characters are not very interesting. There were some small attempts to make "Alive" a little more morally ambiguous, but eventually it all came to the classic: evil governmenters against super-driven protagonists, like yes you guessed it, eventually save the girl. As I said earlier, the whole movie goes virtually only on one set, and after two hours of being boring, even worse, the set design itself is not even interesting, and it doesn't do much to improve other aspects of the movie . Now, after the first part is over, one might think that Kitamura would at least make some entertaining action scenes to compensate for the boring start. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The two only games are actually rehashed by similar Hollywood movie games, complete with bullet-time effects and psychic powers. They are just not interesting or funny, Kitamura's creativity from "Versus" is gone, the small set even limits his often very impressive camera work, and it all plunges into generic and anticipated battles, a shame really. <br /> Obviously "Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" had learned something from "Alive". So it was not least a total loss on this movie. If you only understand the mistakes made, how to correct them and create a better, more entertaining movie.
