This is a silly movie. Perhaps my judgment would not be so hard if the movie didn't promise so much, but I just felt that this movie was cheated and played me to fool at every turn. <br /> <br /> I didn't have any beef with the play, but I thought the characters were horrible. The movie starts with Clive Owen's characters telling us what a criminal mastermind he is and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, something he often reminds us of later. Oh yes, he also tells us he is in a prison cell, though it turns out to be a stupid metaphor. Every idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one where a minimum number of things could potentially go wrong and you are far away before the police appear. But Clive Owen's arrangement requires hanging around in the bank for several hours - for no reason, but to steal around and look scary as far as I can tell. He also has to control hostages, negotiate with the police and most amazingly, do a job in this old house at the bank's warehouse and hide out there for a week (I hope he has had enough food and a bucket to pee ) and back out again. Yes, it sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason why it was not separated was the manuscript author said. <br /> <br /> And then there are many inexplicable details: Why was the police so convinced that the villains had accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is Jodie Foster's character, and why is she so important that she has the mayor on her and calls and she doesn't have to tell Denzel Washington her agenda because "it's over his pay scale?" How stupid are these cops that they can't figure out a guy who speaks on a foreign language for several hours, isn't the sound of a criminal gang planned a robbery? How did the robbers turn away and why did Clive Owen stay for a week? How did they find out about the chairman's past and the number and content of his safe? Why the hell would Clive Owen put in Jodie Foster or the police? Since when do they make toy AK-47s that look really close? How in the hell are you making a pizza box anyway? How did Clive Owen manage to sneak out of a safe area of ​​the bank during working hours, undiscovered? Did this dispassionate criminal really get enough of this cop Denzel to separate him a diamond? None of these questions are ever answered. There are movies that gain depth by letting you wonder about events happening outside the screen, but I've never felt like that about Inside Man. It felt like the scenes that explained these things were cut from the movie, or those questions never had any answers at first and that is weak. Particularly annoying is Jodie Foster's character, who will not disclose what she is doing, but never seem to tire of reminding us of how important she is. We just have to take her word for it, I think. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie two stars, I laughed at Denzel's "taxi cab" and "pina colada" gags, and that child's outrageous video games. Apart from that, this film has no redeeming properties.
