It seems to me that Stephen King's "Bachman" pen name was a way for him to put some of the ugly, raver, more mediocre things he wanted to write without "polluting" his "mark". Looking back at "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner), you notice that they have a sealed sense of airlessness and hopelessness about those who differ from the ordinary king. I realize we are talking about the guy whose first novel constituted a humiliated, blood-covered, emotionally crippled teenage girl who beat everyone on her high school prom ... but mainstream King always has characters and record elements that sour the horror of actions little, and mostly have endings that at least give a glimpse of hope and human feeling. Bachman books are just plain and always ending badly. (BTW, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been a Bachman book if King had not revealed the alias then. And "The Dark Half" seems to be at least partially about his "Bachman" persona.) <br /> < "Thinner" was the last Bachman book, and man with his class war themes, revenge and death of hunger, it's ugly. So it should not be surprising that the film follows suit. <br /> <br /> What is a surprise is that the adaptation appears to be recorded on a "television movie of the week" talent level rather than something worthy of a theatrical release. (These days, something like this will probably go directly to DVD or cable). The make-up work and the striking motif (starving to death in the midst of masses, a metaphor for the aboriginal, malnourished American middle class, if ever there was one) are all that will keep you from seeing this misfire. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought is that the director went for the unpleasant Bachman vibe, but he also somehow sucked the interest out of the movie of poor choice - the players here (except Joe Monetegna) simply can't carry the movie. And then he fired warmth and life out of the rest of the movie with awkward pacing and stage structure. Plus he couldn't leave the plot alone, and his changes didn't really help. The script and the dialogue should work, but mostly the film is right there. Everything is subdued, boring, airless and not fun to see ... with the living exception of the protagonist's sight getting .... thinner and thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means the worst King movie ever made (or even the second best). And it has a terrible, compelling fascination because of the theme and the careful makeup work. But first-time viewers should approach this with lower expectations.
