You will notice that the chemist who appears in two scenes and gets to talk is played by Stephen King. "Don't give up your daily job" is normal to say, but it's not fair. The king rejects quite well: he is no worse than any other member of the cast and better than most. On the other hand, the story is bad. Please give up your daily job. Never have I seen so many terrible ideas - of which the main actor (LEAD ACTOR's!) Is probably the worst - gathered in one movie. Everyone is acting in haste, but not in any entertaining way; They succeed in some way to go over-the-top without spreading or manifesting energy. I blame writer / director Tom Holland. It may not be that all the actors are really that bad. What are the odds against it? Certainly I have never heard of any of them before, but I still don't think I could go into a talent agency and go out with these many bad artists if I tried: One actor, despite my best efforts, would turn out to have talent. So what's more likely - that Tom Holland rolled a dozen consecutive snake eyes, or that he wrote a miserable script and did it poorly? It will also explain why actors are poor in direct relation to their prominent role in the script. The more direction an actor got, the worse he performed. ("You want me to bend like a hunchback, talk from the back of the neck, show all my teeth and look bored, all at the same time? Okay ...") <br /> <br / > This theory is confirmed by the fact that the Netherlands escaped to co-write a miserable script. Several authors here have commented that Billy Halleck is not a sympathetic character, but it is a misleading way to put it on. He is not a knowledge of the character. Everything we find out before the supernatural things begin to happen is that he is fat and that everything he can think of is food. ("All I can think of is food," he says helpfully.) And finally ... (Sigh) I suppose I should insert a spoiler warning here ... <br /> <br /> Finally, he is evil. Why? I can only move on. Perhaps he is under some kind of enchantment. Yes, that's probably it. By "evil" I may think "inexplicably" - it is not as bad as a socially unwanted suspension of common-medium psychology. Anyway, his actions at the end make no sense, no action makes much sense, and it is despite the fact that the characters do little, but explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience. <br /> <br /> By the way, here is my nominee for the hammiest line / delivery: "I don't think you'll like it. In fact ..." [great dramatic break] "... I don't think you like it at all. "
