No, I haven't read Stephen King's novel "Thinner", but I choked the movie version. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Regular films give an audience a hero to applaud as he strives to reach a goal. In horror films, the audience is invited to enjoy the characters' death. In director Tom Hollin's fat-free but tasteless revenge cooler "Thinner", no one wins, and everyone deserves the bite put on them. Gluttonous New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a wall problem. Although he cuts the bathroom for 300 pounds, he happily married a trim, lovely wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney from "GI Jane") with a yeast teenage daughter. Fat doesn't mean stupid here. Halleck shows his sagacity in court when he wins a acquittal for sleazy Mafia chief Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna from "House of Games"). Driving home from a victory party, Billy hits an old gypsy woman who crosses the street and kills her. A cover-up happens and Halleck's friends get him out of the soup. The disgruntled gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Scandinavia's Michael Constantine) claims with a curse on the corpulent lawyer and the two city officials who liberated him. Suddenly, Halleck finds himself shedding pounds no matter how much chow he chomps. When he asks the avaricious gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperate resorts Halleck to Richie. While Halleck is struggling with the gypsies to remove the hex, he learns that his loyal wife has turned his attention to the hotshot doctor of the city. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies as not only ridiculously scary horror girl, but the filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who instructed "Child's Play" (1988), and scenicist Michael McDowell, has earned such a sliphead script that you can't enjoy watching Billy get his dessert and shrink. "Thinner" boasts few shocks and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have regurgitated King's novel, but they have filleted whatever sensation of horror and humor it contained. Holland and McDowell introduce characters, such as Mafioso, so explain them inexplicably. A small sign turns out long enough to die and has a chicken head full of mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical behavior of the characters can also offend the audience. "Thinner" shows women who oversexed vixens and men as pigs. When Halleck sneaks home from a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked in his house. His suspicions ripen jealousy, and he makes a scheme to get the curse transferred to this wife. Even the premature ending lacks any satirical taste. Oscar-winning special effects guide Greg Cannom from "Van Helsing" and make-up artist Bob Laden do a fantastic job colliding actor Robert John Burke to look overweight. They also succeed in making him shrink. <br /> <br /> Only die-hard Stephen King fans will be able to lose this misogynist gooledyshop.
