Don't really know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had the displeasure to see for a very long time. From the setting, which was quite obvious and very clear to anyone who has visited London for another day, it agrees ... was not London. In the very inexplicable way, Snipe's character succeeded in escaping the country back to the United States without a single problem. Then he convinces the girl and grandmother to visit him in America, how in earnest Grandmother agreed ... he is an assassin! Well, that is the end, though, during the film, unfortunately it was not much better. We have British policemen running a fantastic range of cars, I'm sure it was an eighties Vauxhall Belmont that chased the taxi after the award, but a modern Subaru Imprezza escorted the prison in a few scenes earlier. SO19 or the one that the Army's arm in the Met, they tried to portray, managed to run around the streets with their weapons out hunting for Snipes along with the CIA. There were children walking around, but the police still said they had a clear shot to shoot him, is it happening in London? No it doesn't, I live there. We also have the very incredible journey from central London to the airport (let's say Heathrow for arguments sake) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have horrible American accents, a young girl who is posher than the queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does the British police say when helicopters and a number of Snipe officials cannot find Snipes and he manages to evade capture by hiding behind some stairs? The train station was obviously not even on British soil, and the battle scene sound effects were terrible. The reason was also very poor, boring and been written and filmed much better a thousand times before. But there were a few notable actors playing in this movie, what did they think and don't let you down to watch this movie! This movie did not know what it would be if you wanted to concentrate on the dramatic aspects of following an award, then you need a strong rigid plot with plausible scenes and surroundings, which is something the viewer have time to take in and appreciate and if you do it wrong, you notice. If you want an all-out action movie (as this is not), continuity and scenery can be put aside.
