Someone owes Ang Lee an apology. In fact, many people do. And I start. I was never interested in the Ang Lee movie Hulk because of the almost unanimous bad reviews. Even premium cable channels seemed to rarely show it. I finally decided to see it yesterday at the US network and wow .... SPOILS FOR ANG LEE'S HULK AND THE INCREDIBLE HULK <br /> <br /> Was it boring! I almost didn't do that through Ang Lee's Hulk. Eric Bana was expressive, Nick Nolte was horrible, Sam Elliott was unlikeable (and it's not funny, he's usually a cool character). In fact, I honestly think they chose Eric Bana because his non-descriptive face was the easiest to imitate computer graphics - and it was clear that Ang Lee Hulk was supposed to be facially like Bruce Banner in his non-angry state. When Hulk fought for a mutant poodle, I was ready to admit Hulk as the worst superhero movie ever. But then something happened. About 3/4 of the way through this boring movie there was a really exciting and - dare I say it - reasonably convincing - extended action scene starting with Hulk breaking out of an enclosure chamber in a military base, fighting for M1 tanks and Comanche helicopters in the desert and then ride an F22 raptor into the stratosphere, to be captured only on the streets of San Francisco. This was one of the best action sequences ever made for a superhero movie. And I have to say that CGI was quite good. That is not to say that the Hulk was quite convincing. But it did not require much more suspension of unbelievers than is required in many non-superhero action films. And that's a really good thing. <br /> <br /> Of course, the ending was really stupid with Bruce Banner's father, who became a kind of form-changing villain, but the earlier long action sequence put some of Iron Man's short heroics to shame. And overall, in addition to the animated mutant dogs, it really seemed like the CGI in Hulk was trying hard to convince you that he was genuine and truly interacting with his environment. It was definitely better than I expected. <br /> <br /> OK, but what about The Incredible Hulk? Guess what ... It's too boring! It has just a few looks of the Hulk, and here's the case - CGI in this movie is horrible. Perhaps the Hulk in Ang Lee's version sometimes looked fake and comic at others - but it also had convincing moments. The incredible Hulk looked positively ridiculous. It had skin tone and muscle tone that didn't even look like a living being, just a kind of computer generated texture. It was really prehistoric. The lighting, the environment and the face effects were not 5 years newer than Ang Lee, they looked 10 years older. And there's really no excuse for that. We really live in a time when computer programmers can destroy a movie as thoroughly as any director, actor, or film photographer ever could. Worse, the author and director of this movie seemed to learn almost nothing from Ang Lee's "failure". All the same mistakes are made. Bruce Banner is almost numb. The general is so merciless, impossible, one-dimensional, that he works flatter than the Hulk. The interest of love is not convincing (I have to give Liv Tyler credit for being more emotional than Jennifer Connelly, although both are pretty light on the eyes). Tim Blake Nelson takes over almost as much as Nick Nolte, even though he's only in the movie for a few minutes. Hulk really doesn't do much in this movie, certainly no more than in Ang Lee's version. The incredible Hulk was a little faster, but as nothing happened, it wasn't worth much anyway. Oh yes, the villain is just as false to see as the Hulk. He is actually much more interesting than a human than as a monster. <br /> <br /> So, I can say for sure that Ang Lee's version was better: if I ever have the chance to see Ang Lee's version again, I might be able to pass through to see the good action sequences, or else try to appreciate the dialogue a little more (more likely, I just wanted to fast forward to the good parts). But there is definitely not a single scene in The Incredible Hulk that is worth seeing once, let alone twice. It really is at the bottom of the superhero pile. The cartoon-like CGI is an insult to the audience - at least in Ang Lee's version, they seem to be trying to make it realistic (except for the giant poodle of course). It is all about how the filmmakers intended to erase the bad feelings of Ang Lee's Hulk by making almost the same movie. <br /> <br /> It is for Edward Norton's credit that he seems to be distancing himself from this movie.
