And finally old, old Michael Corleone falls over and goes 'THUMP!' Who really made the writing of this last installment of the Godfather saga? Probably the same staff that does "As the world turns." This flick does not deserve the title "Godfather" at all. Let's call this one "The Cosas of Our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As one who has encountered a number of mafia people in my business life, I can without exception say that I have never met any mobster as introvert and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's see, these guys are in the mafia simply because they are greedy, nothing more. In this movie, Don Corleone spends a lot of time thinking about his past deeds and his gloomy future, perhaps even the afterlife, so recovering remarkably quickly to avert some great business deals or order this or the same death as the great time operator he is deep down. Then there is his failed marriage. After break-up scenes in G2, we may hope that Michael & Kay will reunite as husband and wife, but here they just seem to be very good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the screenwriters are trying to make Michael a woman. It is bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. There is some miscasting here and there, or perhaps they are the authors' sins. The poor, old-fashioned Sophia Coppola sat with a hopeless role with too many short lines in the movie that didn't fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations - got "remarks" rather than "lines" for emote. Her passionate beloved scene with Andy Garcia resembles something from a bad teenage comedy as they chew their open mouthpieces and smuggle each other behind on the kitchen drawer as puppets. Scullery sex was brought wonderful by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but that's just ridiculous here. Then there is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who has also had a difficult and unmanageable role to play. He is expected to be the new, new Don Corleone, but he has almost handed the job on a silver platter and has to do a little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous hits on all 5 families in G1. This hand-down process can be an authentic way to transfer power to a Mafia family, but why is so much made of this boring routine? Of course, Don Vincent can earn respect for his companions one day, but there are small characters revelations in the script to give us a portrait of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo did a good job with fast and concise development of Michael's character in G1. But the G3 has no economy in its storytelling, and we suffer through drawn exhibits until we just want to snooze. Third, George Hamilton was also given a roofless task, taking over as a family lawyer after Robt Duvall had rejected a third installment like Tom Hagen. George wisely understood his role so that it happened without harm to the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but she goes too far when she takes murderous conditions into her own hands (she might end up sleeping with Fredos if it was the real world). But that's not all bad. The murder scene in the hotel penthouse is nifty! Also, "they keep pulling me back in" or words in that direction is a good line. And we restore some old feelings as we come back to Sicily, even though it's all done in 1989, and they have modern cars and haircuts. The line lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting, as it is based on some real economic shenanigans at the Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but it is too far back with those for spectacular death scenes, etc. Grand Opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But Mary's death scene towards the end is at best an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation. All writers need to learn that we don't always need more and more death to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You're sorry Kay for her daughter's death, she's playing her grief so well, but Michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. Then Michael once died in the 21st century, in Sicily alone on a large estate, with heart failure ... no granddaughter playing with before his death, no wife to care for him. What was going to happen in the last 1/2 of this movie is Michael tracked by one who Rudy Guilliani, tried, all the filthy little businesses of his filthy families and bloodthirsty indulgences brought into the light of day, Michael then sentenced under RICO statutes and sent to federal prison for life ... then he can club over death from heart failure while beating a floor in LEAVENWORTH. It was that mafia dons ended their careers in the late 80s and early 90s, and they got much better treatment than they deserved.
