The Godfather Part I was a stunning look inside the fictional Corleone family and how an innocent young man was all but forced to circumstances he would never have a part of. The Godfather Part II shows that the young man accepts his new role, his desensitization of character, and his complete loss of innocence as he delves deeper and deeper into a crime scene. The first two parts of this story of this transformation of Michael Corleone make one of the greatest tragedies in film history. <br /> <br /> Then came The Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now the aging Don of the Corleone family. He shows remorse for his past actions not through subtle behavior, but by trying to use his powers for good and admit all his misdemeanors and deplores others. Very cliché and unkaracteristic of the complex character that is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his strength for good are blasted by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is gradually a loss of the ongoing mob wars, and her death predictably predicts that Michael realizes that his entire life as Don has been worthless, for he has failed in the one thing that was the reason for getting acquainted with the position he was in: protecting his family. Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest of the laurels: having his own brother killed. Before Part III was made, the Godfather saga was an emotionally tearing tale of an innocent young man's journey in the dark with the incredibly tragic end of Michael who forgot his roots and surrendered the one thing that has always meant the most to him and those around him : family loyalty. Part III paints the picture of Michael as a man who is and always has been a victim of circumstances. This greatly interferes with the importance of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part III is a terrible mess on a movie that should never have been made. The only solution to the problem, which is this last installment of The Godfather movie, is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael's shockingly terrible act of killing a member of his own family.
