Near "The Godfather: Part III" Michael Corleone's son will fall out of law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone doesn't want this. But his alien ex-wife, Kay, manages to convince him to let Anthony Corleone pursue music as he wishes. So he does. <br /> <br /> It seems like a strange way to start a review as it is a smaller plot and has nothing to do with the big action. Just carry with me here; You will see where I go with this in the end. Now let me tell you about the big plot. It's about Michael Corleone, who wants to stop crime too well (he has virtually left all criminal elements in his family business). But then Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew, is involved in a feud. So of course, Michael must endure another brush with crime and gun violence and all the good gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with Michael's daughter Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to patch up all the terrible things that happened at the end of Part II. It's like a soap opera. A horrid, horrible, 169-minute soap opera. Gone is some kind of sophisticated, romantic and emotional relevance that made the first two movies hit home so hard. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola delivered a mess of garbage and pretentiousness that was completely inconsistent with the first two films, and again he showed his last great work was "Apocalypse Now" back in the 1970s. <br /> <What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical follow-up to "The Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. He's not just gone to seed (which can be legitimate, though it wouldn't be fun to see). He has become a treat that tries to solve the entire tragedy that made Part II into such a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but the small diabetes attack in the middle pushed it to nausea. He also comes back with Kay! For the sake of heaven, there is absolutely no way to do that when the 2nd film made plenty clear! She interrupted her baby, and his Sicilian upbringing made him worship her. Didn't Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? <br /> <br /> And don't even get me started on Mary and Vincent's affair! For such a forbidden romance, it was shockingly unengaging. Sofia Coppola's play did nothing to help. She made the smartest move in her life when she switched from in front of the camera behind it because she was perhaps the worst actress I've ever seen in a Best Picture nominee. Every line she delivered was painfully memorized, and each time the drama rested on her acting skills, all she evoked was inappropriate giggles. In the climatic scene - I don't want to go into detail, but you know which scene I'm talking about when / if you see it - she looks at Michael and says, "..... Daddy?" I had to cry, but the line was delivered so badly, I burst into long, loud laughter! Now we come to the climax, and now you will also realize why I took the time to start the review with a description of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes less drama and irrelevant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see it, and for about 10-15 minutes a couple of killers go around trying to murder Michael. About this climatic sequence I have to say one thing: It was really good! But not because of the killers - they were pretty boring. I really liked the opera. It had some good music and really nice pieces. And from what little it showed us, the story seemed to echo the origins of the Corleone family. I bet it was a tumultuous opera, and I bet Michael Corleone was glad he let his son switch from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is this: that Francis Ford Coppola had only recorded Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and pushed the rest of the soft melodrama. Even better, I wish he hadn't made "The Godfather: Part III" at all. Part II gave us the perfect end. This spin-off was self-sufficient and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not a bowel reaction to the film. I saw all 3 godfather movies over a month ago (though I rewatching the first one). This does not only mean that my expectations for part III were not screwed (actually I had put the bar a little low after what I heard), but that also means that I have had good thinking about all three films. While I was a little disappointed with Part II at first, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But with Part III it was bad to start with, then it got worse the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will stop with Part I, but if they also see Part II, they will most likely continue to Part III. If you have the will, see Parts I & II and pretend that Part III never existed.
