This 1973 remake of the classic 1944 Billy Wilder movie, "Double Indemnity", is a textbook example of how to destroy a good script. This class B television feed also illustrates the horror of remakes in general. While Hollywood has been looking for greedy leaders to color black-and-white movies and search for widescreen disclaimers appearing in pan-and-scan versions, the industry has ignored the hacks that insist on taking a classic movie and reducing it with a shoddy remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a bowlered version of a classic is to edit the script. The Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler work was cut in half an hour to fit the finished film into a certain amount of space for advertising. Then refresh the production with bland, color photography, smart, upscale sets and TV-known actors. Thus, the brand new "Double Indemnity" eliminates the atmospheric black-and-white film noir filmography that enhanced the mood and characterization of the original. Gone are the dusty, shady, claustrophobic sets that explained the protagonists' desire to escape their situations at all costs. Gone is the close bond between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. The view of Jack Smight is on "Double Indemnity" is more "Dynasty" than film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a design home to die for, and Neff's comfortable pillow would be hard to afford an insurance salesman's pay, not to mention the sporty Mercedes convertible he runs. Neither sign has any apparent motive to murder for a poor $ 200,000. If not money, then murder might be for love or desire? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are just as merry as those between a brother and a sister. Crenna fails to catch Neff's cynicism, and his attempt at dual entender and sexual suggestion falls terribly flat. The egg is slightly better and lacks sensuality and depth to suggest inner effects of a presumably devious and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb manages a recognition as Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three principles have all done much better work. <br /> <br /> There was no conceivable reason to produce this miserable remake except to fill the time in a broadcast schedule. There was no conceivable reason to revive this dud on DVD and pack it with the original movie except to fill a dual disc package. The only lesson that can be learned from this misfire is that even a good script and a great dialogue can be destroyed with poor casting, lack of direction and TV quality production values. 1973 "Double Indemnity" should be titled "10% Indemnity" because viewing only emphasizes 100% perfection of the original film.
