Murder and insurance fraud takes an unfaithful couple to the "end of the line" ... TV was visually vulgar back in the early 1970s, and this truncated television remote control hurt my eyes. It can't be compared to the 1944 Billy Wilder Film Noir classic that everyone in their real heart should know - even look - but that doesn't mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity either. Although it is based on the original Paramount play, more than half an hour is cut out, and the director's gentle indifference makes what is left almost unforgettable. With the rare exception, the younger generation was not interested in watching old black and white movies on television back in 1973 (still true today unfortunately) so this shabby, compelling story was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers; So, as now, class rules and paid money were the only real raison d'etre. Gus Van Zandt rebuilt Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons, and if these reduxes led to finding out the original films or novels, all the better. I loved James M. Cain's source novel enough to tune in again, and this time I enjoyed the capsule curio the second time around for longish hair, lame peaks, turbans, ugly decor and lush auburn locks of "guest star" Samantha Eggar who didn't tried too hard. In addition to recognizing a few of the random cast of a childhood used in front of the boob, Lee J. Cobb could hold me interested as a world-consuming, tired-looking Keyes, but Richard Crena's beloved and unofficial Walter Neff reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Improving the original was, of course, never decided in a hurry to earn a buck, but instead of a mindless retread, a new adaptation of the novel would have been a new idea. Cain's book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations, and the horrible shark fins in the moonlight end are killer. The complete in me is grateful for this accelerated update "Me Decade" was included as part of the DVD extras DOUBLE DIGNITY, but the experience made me not only see the original, it had me nostalgic for any episode of the better made COLUMBO TV series. I also blinked back to a very good 1973 ABC TV movie this week, which I haven't seen since the first flight: John D. Macdonald's LINDA starring in the beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless femme fatal, killing her lover's (sexy John Saxon) wife and then hits his gentle man to the crime, and if I remember correctly, there is also an open end. Like DOUBLE COLLECTION, it was unnecessarily restored with television movie queen Virginia Madsen as the titular vixen and Richard Thomas as milquetoast man.
