When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) responds to the door of her house that is wrapped in a towel, you realize that as a capable actress like Eggar can be, she doesn't have the hypnotic appearance of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not entirely Egg's fault. In the original movie, Wilder had Stanwyck not only appear in a towel but she enters the stage on the second floor balcony of the house. And she "doesn't come out"; she looks almost like magic. Walter Neff stares at her from below on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when first introduced. It's not just the towel. The towel adds to seductive lures. Her position is like a Greek goddess overlooking her domain, and in a strange way, you feel like she is controlling the whole situation from the start. She has sexual, even magical, power. This person is not a regular housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden inside. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. Remake has the Crenna knock on the front door. Stanwyck's stand-in, Eggar, answers the door with a towel around her. There is no "look". She simply opens the door. The astonishing superiority that addresses the audience at Stanwick's first appearance in 1944 is completely absent in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. It can be sexy in a Charlie's Angels kind of way, but it's almost not so mysterious. The filmmakers of the remake seem to misunderstand Wilders point. The manuscript may have said, "Phyllis appears in the towel", so the filmmakers in remake just follow the instructions and include the necessary towel. The point is not the towel. The point is the enigmatic quality of Phyllis and the potential power she runs. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her mystery. The filmmakers of remake gave her a towel because that was what Wilder did. And in the choice of shot, all Phyllis' mystery lost. Richard Crenna also seems miscast. He seems to be "acting" and not really in the middle of the dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna appears as much as a 70 actor. He can't enter the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks into the microphone, sweat begins to drip from his face. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff says, "I didn't get the money, and I didn't get the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I haven't got the money, and I didn't want the woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the whole point of history? Or were they stupid it to a "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This TV movie is a by-the-numbers rendition. All the sharp edge of the original is lost. The only stand-out might be Lee J. Cobb in the role of Edward G. Robinson. But he can't save the loss of intensity of the original. This 1973 boring remake is a forgettable television movie probably made by the same people who did "Gilligan's Island". They might as well have tried to reintroduce "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best one can hope for, what is the point? The 1944 classic is a film with the capital "F". This television remake deserves a "F" quality, or perhaps a "D" for stupid.
