Oh, if only I could give this nonsense less than a star! There were two mildly fun parts throughout the movie, and that's it! one was where a line or two from the song did not worry, be happy singing at the snail and the other was where Roddy fell off the toilet and landed with his feet and legs apart, so everything else he landed down the road hit him in the groin . That's what was nothing more entertaining than that, at least not for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is not right to say "Fans of the horrible" Shrek "like, but" Wallace & Gromit "fans will probably turn away in disgust as I loved Shrek 2 and 3 and I also love Wallace and Gromit: You see what it boils down to, if an animation is done extremely well, then it is definitely worth looking at, it was about as far from being done as well as possible. pointed out by the decision makers of this site, others were not, I do not want to point out all the others, but here are a few more to see: When the young daughter goes to the beginning of the movie, the catch for the curtain door comes down and hooks part of it, right on the left clearly round the round button and thus ensures that Roddy would not be able to come out and yet he just did by just kicking it in. At one point the ruby ​​falls down Roddy's back and is pushed straight up into Rita air while the ship is moving forward one has Roddy got it again. It is impossible. As it was as if the ship was moving forward, the only place where the ruby ​​was pushed out from behind Roddy's shirt was the only place it could have landed in the water, not in Roddy's hand. There was a third I wanted to point out, but for now I have forgotten it. <br /> <br /> For many, to have a better word, "jokes" were repeated somehow, there was not enough time to establish any kind of connection with any of the characters the characters were hollow, superficial and empty, and the whole movie left you want .... want to see 85 minutes of something else! Painting or grass cultivation are two great options!
