A very young Ginger Rogers quickly trades quips and a liners with rival newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in this 1933 murder mystery from Poverty Row movie maker Allied Productions. The film opens with a wealthy businessman taking a profit from the rooftop terrace in a high-rise apartment or was it from a lover's apartment? Rogers actually has two identities at the start of the movie, Miss Terry, the dead victim's secretary along with her newspaper by Pat Morgan. Incorrectly calling her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of her paper's rewriting desk, she is fired for her efforts when her boss learns he has been scooped. <br /> <br /> Here's a puzzle - it's revealed under police inspector Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation of Harker's death that Terry / Morgan had been employed as his secretary for three weeks. Why was it exactly that? After that, would it make sense that she was there for a newspaper story, but before? Clues has fallen with regard to Harker's affiliation with a well-known mobster who conveniently resides in the same apartment building, but again this association is not relevant until it is all linked to caretaker Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who prepares all the calling cards with the hose that performs an HSSS, with the words "You want to hear it" cut and inserted below? Apparently, a snake's mocking sound was the sound of the apartment's radiator system, which Peterson used to transfer a poisonous gas to room for potential victims, such as Mrs Coby in the apartment under Harker. But in response to a question put to Inspector Russell about Mrs Coby's death, he responded "apparently" to the cause of suffocation. <br /> <br /> It is these rather conflicting plot points that made the movie somewhat unsatisfactory for me. The invitation of guardian Peterson as the bad guy in this piece comes under some cruel circumstances as we see him bursting the unconscious body of Miss Morgan in the building's incinerators! But and score another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a large basement room when Peterson turns on the stove. She made her escape, but how? And still nice as a picture. And who gets to make the collar off-screen if no one other than milquetoast police officer Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in an opening scene fell over his own feet into a room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all those reviewers who found "A Shriek in the Night" to be a satisfactory whodunit, I feel that any Charlie Chan movie from the same era is a real "The Usual Suspects "by comparison. If you need a reason to watch the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but be aware she doesn't dance.
