Walerian Borowczyk's La Bete (1975) was apparently received in various ways: some were horrible, some were shocked, others applauded. However, I am totally untouched, bored and cannot stop asking myself why viewing incoherent, inconsistent images that vaguely revolve around a central theme is considered an intellectual journey. What was this movie about? Growing sexuality in a woman? I've seen great movies on this subject, but it's not one of them. How can one try to depict a growing sexuality in a girl without at least trying to characterize her as a person, not just as a narrative unit to dream (in the neck) of animals. Where there are no signs, there is no drawing study. The woman pursued by the animal was not young, the girl had sex with the black butler (is he also characterized as an animal)? Have a very adult attitude to sexuality, so where is the consistency? Is it a movie about religion? If so, we would need a little more thematic material than a priest without function, character and charisma, but with a strong desire against two young boys. Is it about bestiality? The metaphorical feeling of the film prohibits any realistic study of bestiality, especially since realistic investigation requires realistic characters. So no real bestiality here. Some mythical animals and two priests talk to each other about the goodness of sin. Enough for a college essay on the subject? I do not think. <br /> <br /> is it about sex? Is it about something? I do not know. I only know that a fired gun appears, doesn't make a movie a war movie. Treating a topic should mean more than showing its own associations with the theme. <br /> <br /> Look across the controversy. Don't be afraid of stupor, nudity, ejaculation, masturbation and things. I'm not. Look at what you see in another story and you may find that this is a badly crafted, poorly edited, badly acted, really badly written (okay, some pictures are pretty fine, and the protagonist is a really nice girl) cerebral The masturbation of an instructor who seems to turn around the bush in a hypnotic slow way will make a story intelligent. It doesn't. It makes it boring.
