Have just seen a screening in the evening. What can I say? It lived up to the mediocre trailer ride, although nothing was said at all. It did absolutely nothing like any movie before it didn't, and it played on such a cliché fashion that I eventually came to the point where I stopped laughing just because I laughed at the audience and instead let the humorous movie play out. <br /> <br /> Let's see ... we have the less than spectacular protagonist trying to get back with his ex-boyfriend, but he's not good enough for her. We have the three friends who all have their own "personality", one being the best friend trying to get along with the main girl character's best friend, but being constantly rejected, another friend is the super awkward who can't live and look positive in total 24/7 and thrown in for the single-liners (which in this case is only a bunch of movie references, especially from Disney) and the third guy whose name you will never remember but is there to complete the space and Throw in believing messages to who will take care to listen ... check. We have the girl's ex-boyfriend and her parents **** - block the relationship on any possible means when things look up, not to mention the awkward family members from the protagonist's side ... check. We have the downer period one hour in the movie, where everyone is depressed, check. We have the movie's "funny" moments coming from incessant swords, people falling down or being hit, scenes from the trailer and gay innuendos ... check. And dare I call it a spoiler, but we have an end that unfolds exactly as one thought it would unfold before we even see the movie ... check. Honestly, it could have ... no, wait ... should have been a PG-13 movie. All that had to be released was some F-bombs. In fact, it would have received much more publicity from the crowd who enjoy this kind of humor, would have gotten less media exposure and thus would not have suffered not by people like myself trying to keep it higher for the latest R-rated comedies such as Superbad and Knocked Up. The mood of this movie is just as awkward that it doesn't fit with what ordinary people are looking for. I even bet that the actors were often unbroken with some of the dialogues and actions they had to deliver on the camera. Let's put it this way ... in the theater it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and others are laughing. When this movie hits Showtime and you check it at 2pm on an evening, you may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that keeps you in mind is Alice Eves hotness (which is not quite 10, but still very nice). Aside from the main resolution, this movie kicked many subplots to the side of the edge and seemed to forget to write more history as they tried to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything else went right through the window. So there is a main solution, but what comes of it? It is never really clear, nor does it allow the ending to be "sensitive" to the abrupt. There was only one thing that didn't matter in this movie, and that was the good soundtrack. Apart from the nice selection of 90's alternative rock songs, there was a fine optimistic score that would play in some parts of the movie (more than the beginning of it) reminding me of something David Holmes would mix / compose. I will give them props for a good choice of sound. One last thing, this movie was probably filmed sometime late last summer, because the accidental but proud Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow bottle caps they had during the Rock Band campaign. I just figured many Rock Band players would catch on one if you saw it. But I say hold on to your money. If this was PG-13 and you were 15 years old on a Friday night with a group of friends, I'd say knock you out. Otherwise, definitely pass. It is not trying to compete with the R-rated movies of the past few years, and ideally it is definitely not as good.
