No, I'm just not coming with this. I refuse to go along with the program. Don't you think this movie might be a bit exaggerated? Look at reader comments and their star ratings: Most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is an example when the reviews can say more about the people who make them than the film itself, which is unique. How many other sex fantasies about simulated bestiality complete with horse links have become mainstream hits as catalog DVD titles? I saw this movie with a transparent sense of expectation, expecting fireworks, and instead got someone to pop a Gucci shopping bag. It looked good, but when the excitement had been used, the twist end didn't do anything to save it. <br /> <br /> The background story of the film says it all: Director films about 25 minutes of borderline hardcore fake bestial sex for another movie are informed that the footage will not be appropriate, set it aside, wait two or three years for a smattering of critical recognition to build and then construct an entire function about 25 minutes and film approx. 70 minutes of otherwise unrelated, eerily boring recordings and insertion of 25 minutes of lump as dream sequence. That the 25 minute movie is incredibly strange, original and shocking in a conscious, calculated manner says itself. But we are not here to consider that 25 minutes alone, we must consider the whole movie and ask ourselves why people are so excited about the movie? Or are they just enchanted by its background story and story of being banned by people who were stupid enough to be offended by it? Perhaps it is an anti-prepared agenda that appeals to them. Hating Catholicism's Western Religions and Christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance. Only today it was revealed that the BBC routinely cuts their broadcasts with anti-Christian and anti-Western feelings to promote political correctness. You can say anything you want about the Bible, pedophile priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church, and how much white men and their inhumane religions suck the pounded skin out of a golf ball ... But say a negative thing about non-westernized religions, and you are toast. This film was tailored to such a feeling, with a wrinkled old dried up priest who has a completely scary aspect with two beautiful 14 year old French boys complete with inappropriate touch, fawning, fondling, fumbling, groping and backsides patting. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are horse links, photographed in such a fetishist closeness detail that parts of the film could be used as visual aids for a biology class on animal husbandry. Yes I understand the thematic relevance of the image - great animal fallout with a host of reproductive fluids just waiting to be released as fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to see horses, you know, I'd like to live on a farm. Having their genitals in my face is as entertaining as seeing someone using a bathroom. Is this movie just a kind of artistic diversion for social departures? Probably, although I will give the artistic performance of most of it, filmed in a kind of arty Euro detail that even has a dappled forest pond right out of a Monet painting, complete with an intriguing arched bridge. And the end (which I even managed to be surprised at) makes the variety of it all in a neat, unpleasant package. But you have to remember that there are certain things that cannot be deconstructed for their design elements, and many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their work to borrow some kind of gravitas that would not have been achieved without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has been swapped with her new movie on Iwo Jima. Whether his film is any good, stands as a separate consideration of whether this blow was a noble cause fought by men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the movie and will manage to give it the Oscars because of its noble message - not because it is a particularly good or original movie. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem like an odd parallel, I see one with THE BEAST: How can anyone not see the basic beauty of nature in the sight of two horse mating? And who can't see the logical culmination of the suppressed sexuality of adventure in the movie's explosive set, where Beauty and the Beast finally make it unpleasant? Somehow they managed to miss both points and I'm glad I've seen this movie so I can destroy it as it really is: 25 minutes or so with eye-opening over the top adult fairy-tale images surrounded by 70 minutes of skull killing boring artistic Euro Trash dreamed that a guy got a haircut and a good ending. It's art safe, but it sucks hard. <br /> <br /> 3/10
