What the hell is that? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The world's thinnest, most duck-faced actress (even more duck-face and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) overcomes her bony ass, making cretinous grimaces that would shame Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated television series ever. This is also the most annoying one hour format TV show ever, the worst. <br /> <br /> All the men act as pansies, and I refuse to believe that even hip-shysters are all as part-male as this offending (short) pile. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more annoying than Calista Flockofducks with his fake Hollywood "shshsh's" speech impediment: it's that kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" by turning it into a moronic "SH" like Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with zeal. When I look at MacNicol talk, I always wonder how his jaw does not displace ... Human facial anatomy was never meant to support the statement of "SH" sound more than three times per day. Second. He is a medical wonder. <br /> <br /> This poorly conceived and written legal drama / comedy hodgepodge also has some very 90's PCs. It has POLITICAL CORRECTIVITY written with large neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of STORES filled with ideals, high principles and moral fiber? Laughable, but that's how defense lawyers have been portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. What is more noble than defending a murderer, a rape or a thief? When a television series such as "Ally McBeak" starts preaching to America about how to drive the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of recent and great Western dumbing-down and an offender. <br /> <br /> The supposed touches of "eccentricity" as the unpleasantly annoying music tracks are convincing and embarrassingly unfunny. This is no Monty Python. Whatever "new" the talented decision makers of this garbage were targeting, they failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a very commercial television company with the purpose of discriminating yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. It is another boring "objection overruled by your honor, I must call the witness" legalistic baloney that the American public seems to eat up with relish for some strange reasons ...
