Office work, especially in this age of computers, multifunctional copiers, e-mail, voice mail, snail mail and `temps' is the territory mature with satirical capabilities, a vein previously tapped into such films as' uretures' and 'office space' and very successful. This latest addition to the temp / humor pool, however, "Haiku Tunnel", directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, does not live up to its predecessors and leaves the laughter somewhere outside the door waiting for a chance to sneak unfortunately the audience never gets that chance, so what you get is a good try, but as the man once said, no cigar. <br /> <br /> As the film's narrator / star, Josh Kornbluth (player Josh Kornbluth) points out in the opening frames (in a monologue delivered directly into the camera), this story is pure fiction and takes place in the fictional city `San Franc'l'isco. 'It is an innovative, if not very imaginative, disclaimer and not all that However, it is a harbinger of what to follow, as everyone - like the disclaimer - is just not that fun. <br /> <br /> Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who supports himself as a "temp" It is a job that suits him and it gives him time to slip into some work on his novel from time to time. But when he goes to work for a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he does a good job the first day, and Shelby sends head secretary Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to persuade him to go "perm. . ' The idea of ​​working full time for the same company, however, initially arises fear in Kornbluth's heart, but he caves in and logs on for the position. He is nervous about it, but at least the other secretaries recognize his presence (which of course they would never do with a temp), and if things get too rough, he has seventeen important letters he has written up - it's just now must be sent out - to fall back (he has held them back because the post is the easy part and he needs the "something easy to do" in the reserve if it all gets too much for him). These are "important" letters, but at the end of the week, Kornbluth still has them in reserve on his desk. And it doesn't take a genius to find out that when Shelby finds out, Kornbluth's days like the righteous boy will be over. And fast. Brothers Kornbluth, who not only instructed but also wrote with John Bellucci the manuscript for this movie, should have taken a page out of the Ben Stiller Book of Comedy, saying "If you play it right, they'll laugh." But they didn't, and the audience won't. Because in comedy itself looks at it as objectively as possible when the protagonist (as well as most of the supporting characters, in this case) `plays 'fun - as in, he knows' he is funny - he never is. And that's exactly what Kornbluth does here; so rather than being 'funny', he comes across so creepy and pretentious, a gross mistake in the judgment of Kornbluth's verdict because they sabotaged their own movie by allowing it. <br /> <br /> When trying to distinguish exactly why this movie does not work, it comes down to two basic reasons: the management, which - if not necessarily "bad" - is at least careless; and secondly, the performances beginning with Josh Kornbluth's. Kornbluth simply seems too impressed by itself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller, or even Steve Martin - both use self-chosen humor very effectively - Kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply will not allow itself to get into that light; He seems to have a need to let his audience know that he, the real Kornbluth, is in fact much more clever than the Kornbluth character. And being unable to get past it does him as well as the movie. Instead of giving millions of office workers to see this movie, anyone to whom they can relate or with whom they can identify, Kornbluth affects a discouraging way that only serves to alienate the very people he is trying to achieve. So what it all comes down to is a case of poor conducting and convincing action, and considering that the manuscript itself was weak at first, with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the potential of the rich subject), it is It is easy to understand why this just doesn't fly. <br /> <br /> The movie that saves grace is the notion of Warren Keith as Shelby, whose subtle delivery is convincing and which - in itself - is quite humorous The effectiveness of it is, however, reduced. As far as Keith is sharing his scenes with Kornbluth, something automatically interrupts his positive contribution to the project. <br /> <br /> Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) also manage to hold their heads over water with their respective beliefs, which are legitimate, if not totally memorable; They do at least their scenes, and Overman even manages to raise Kornbluth's performance if it's only a short time. But it's still not enough to save the day or the movie. <br /> <br /> Support support includes Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy Mail Clerk), with a look of a disheveled leader Harry Shearer, as the Orientation Leader - a role that asks for an answer to the question, "What did he think when he agreed with this?" In any work environment, there will always be situations that one way or another inevitably becomes the feed of a person's comic canon, and the films depicting those situations will always be with us; the good ones (see section one) can even become classics in their own right. "Haiku Tunnel" will, however, doubtfully remain very long among them, for it is fate located elsewhere - only in a kingdom such as: 'Obscurity'. I rate this 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
