Unfortunately, the print of the movie we were going to watch was burnt in the fire at Universal Studios last week, so we were stuck in video. It could even be a metaphor for this second-hand King Kong movie from Toho Studio's stalwart director Ishiro Honda. Essentially, it is a warming to "King Kong versus Godzilla". It even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha king, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the movie climaxes with King Kong, who fights Mecha-Kong on the expo tower in Tokyo, but if you didn't already know it, you might be in the age group for which this movie was intended. <br /> <br /> The cast is led by a guy named Rhodes Cause that we had never heard of ... glancing over his list I mostly see many scattered American TV credits so it's interesting that They dragged him all the way to Japan so they could get a nominal American hero. The real hero of the movie is the more sensitive Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, which I recognized from Hiroshi Inagaki's iconic version of "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from the original Godzilla films from Honda. I'm sorry Rhodes The reason why you are, but this guy has much more screen presence and you can bet everyone wants him to end up with the cute little blonde played by Linda Miller. We laughed the way Reason would always find a way to cheat between Miller and Takarada, who seemed to be a favorite. Of course, as all of the King's leading ladies are her primary relationship with the King herself. She discovers a good trick: if you talk to a giant monkey really ..... really .... slowly ..... he understands what you say. And if you're a blonde gal, it means he'll do what you say to him. This fact is not lost on Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing a "nation not to be named" - planning to use her as bait to get King to dig up mineral deposits trapped on the North Pole. Yes, this is really the plot for the whole movie - apparently only a giant monkey is able to dig these minerals, which can be used to make super powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuits get in the way so they decide to go to the real king. King himself instantly falls in love with Mecha-Kong, a historical element that could have made the movie more interesting, but was not followed up. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the sweet blonde has called "King" or "King Kong" in her chirpy voice so many times that when the two heroes tell her to let him go to the end, they for all of us. Basically, regardless of majesty, this film struggle was possible in the king's character by making him a heroic and kind figure too early, like the latest version of the story. Kong is just a guy in a suit in this movie and they show a lot of him to the point where the greasy face becomes impossible to take seriously. It's a nice looking movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or desires of fans of this type of thing, which is much more a wrestling movie than a monster movie in many ways. The monsters never really go into these movies, they just jump around and push each other around a lot. It's not a worthless movie, but it is extremely predictable and formal, so for anyone under 10 or so it will probably only be entertaining as a comedy.
