This is an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. TO HARBORS is a B&W 75 minute movie from Minnesota that includes non-actors and deals with two people who find a connection through a search for alien life. I welcome the boldness of the Reel 13 programmers to think outside the box when choosing this movie. I just wished they had chosen a stronger movie to be fat with. In fact, I wonder if the choice had more to do with the film's unique character than with the film's own quality (not that two HARBORS are completely without profit, but I come a little later). <br /> <br /> As is common with independent films, two HARBORS are limited in position. There are only two right places ?? a big junk dealership market and a very teeny trailer, home to the middle-aged protagonist, Vic, played by Alex Cole. Author / Director James Vculek uses the market setting to give a description of Vic, one of the dealers there. He has different people going up to Vic and starting very long conversations that give us only two pieces of information ?? Vic sells room toys (he prefers to call them "outer space action figures") and he is a caustic asshole. This is symbolic of one of the two key issues with TO HARBORS - everyone is chatting. I've said it before and I say it again ?? We deal with a visual medium, and filmmakers need to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are, of course, exceptions, but in general, infinite teats are not so engaging on movies? especially if the dialogue is used as an exhibition. Almost all the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose. A remarkable example would be a couple of scenes that Vic has tried to play as a Boy Scout leader to get a store discount. He argues with the clerk back and forth, and these scenes do not even promote the plot of an iota. These are the kinds of things that make a 75 minute movie experience long. <br /> <br /> The second problem with TO HARBORS is the actor. I can be a bit of a curmudgeon when it comes to filming, but I really don't feel that there is a good excuse for not having good actors in your movies. There are lots of good actors out there, many of whom are willing to work on low budget projects ?? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers dodge the importance of acting as a secondary to their visuals, but it is naive. In narrative film making beside the story, nothing is more important than the play / performances. If you don't believe in the people who are about your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but as the movie continued, I decided they were probably community theater-type actors. It wasn't that they were uncomfortable on the camera. It was that they were overly theatrical (ie large). Granted, the best of the actors were the two leads ?? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young girl caught in Vic's extraordinary hunt. They seemed to have the most training, but they were still a little rough around the edges. The eccentricities they showed seemed to be surface only - not coming from a genuine, organic place inside. Ms. Johnson is especially an interesting case. She definitely has a presence ?? a midwestern charm about her, but that charisma highlights the many problems that her character must have. She struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies that stem from a supposed life of loneliness and (slave?) Labor, based on stock movements such as eye rolls, lip bites and tribulation to suggest her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> In the first paragraph I mentioned that two HARBORS are not without profit and here is what I mean. Without giving too much away, there is a dish for white one hour in the movie. After that, the story takes a fantastic trip, which makes it possible for the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and even strong ?? It's like a sucker punch to the gut, but in a good way. It is almost a great relief to feel something after so long with these characters. The last five minutes of the movie has no dialogue at all and the result is the best part of the film ?? subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work of the movie) and most importantly, cinematic. So with the final credits comes the most dizzying revelation of all ?? that it is based on a true story that made me think. With all the dialogue, the minimal rankings and the lack of movie features, it seemed to me that with two kick ass actors and a tight re-write, TWO HARBORS can make a real kick-ass scene game ?? maybe even a one-act. If there are some bold theater producers out there reading this, I definitely recommend seeing if you can grab the movie and contact the film maker, Reel 13 or anyone. There may be something in this story <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or any other Reel 13 movie, see their website at www.reel13.org)
