Genghis Cohn is a (very) mildly entertaining British film about a German police force in the late 1950s, haunted by the ghost of a Jewish comedian he killed 15 years earlier while serving Hitler in the SS. The ghost comes back and wants his murderer to live like a Jew to commit to the murders he committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, the German policeman actually knows this ghost name because the last thing he did before he died was said in Yiddish, "kiss my ass". The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around until he found the meaning. "Kiss my ass" left such an impression that everyone involved in the kill learned and remembered the comedian's name, Genghis Cohn. <br /> <br /> There are a bunch of men murdered in the police jurisdiction and there are no useful traces. The men are murdered with a set of knives missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich so the commissioner is a suspect. The first man is killed while he loves the girl's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher claims he would be very busy if he killed every man who slept with his wife. All the men are killed immediately after the climate of lovemaking. I think I could be a little more angry than Genghis Cohn's ghost if I were killed as he was. He seems to be very good-natured about it as if he were only in a mild car accident. I can only guess that is because it is a British movie and they are known to be a very polite people. He uses some of his material from his stand-up routing, and I just didn't find it fun. <br /> <br /> I gave this movie a 4 because it was just kind of greasy. I thought it should have been a little more serious than it was. The movie turns out to be a murder mystery (where did this come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should have been more useful than he was. The film gave me a little look at Jewish culture, but was only skin deep. Do all Jews love the liver and onion sandwich? Do they all say 'shtoop' and `meshuganah 'in their daily vocabulary? Are there no more important things we should know about culture? <br /> <br /> I watched this movie at a Jewish community center in Berkeley, CA, and I was the only one in the room whose hair was not completely gray or white. (I have no gray or white hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the film they kept for about. 20 minutes to discuss the movie. There were two main concerns expressed there: 1. The movie was too light and future generations could not understand the degree of what happened and 2. As survivors of the Holocaust die, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought this other concern was ridiculous and I told them I didn't think they didn't have to worry because there are tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like to watch movies, like myself. The murder of 6,000,000 people of a very poor man will never be forgotten. I am writing this last paragraph because they invited me to tell others about my experience that day.
