Billy Chung Siu Hung's (1993 The Bloody Swordplay Movie Assassin), film Love to Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest products in the category of the III boom that occupied the HK cinema in the early 1990s. It consisted of movies with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less free, and only shock appreciated. Love to kill certainly belongs to the "more" category with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid disease. HK psycho Anthony Wong (from the award-winning The Untold Story by Herman Yau, from the same year) plays a businessman and a man who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung), as of someone reason does not leave him and save himself and their little son from the disturbed tormentor. However, a policeman (Danny Lee, the famous police actor of films such as Dr. Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and with director of Lee) and The Killer (1989) by John Woo just to name a few) sees the problem and begins Protecting the Wife and the Son, but Anthony doesn't like this and leads everything to the typical ultimate spiritual and graphic finale during a rainy day. <br /> <br /> The movie is almost complete with no serious benefits as it is just an exploit to pay when these kinds of movies were so popular. The picture and the events are something that is never found in the Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and it all becomes even more thoughtful when some / most Westerners taboos, such as violence and perversions that witness a child, are broken in these movies as often as reading plotlines alone would make most viewers feel sick and it goes perfectly with this movie as well. <br /> <br /> The film still has a rather interesting and eerie soundtrack in the tradition of the mentioned Dr. Lamb that practically started the entire boom in 1992. Normally music and soundtracks in HK movies are interesting and adds the picture, especially in these terror films. The filmmaker is also worth mentioning as the movie baths, especially in the finals, in blue colors and camera lenses (as well as Assassin), and the violent storm is caught nicely on the camera. Otherwise, nothing would judge the film any higher than on nastiness meters. The actors and actors are talented and professional and do not make the movie worse with their plays. Still, the film has the usual HK humor in it, which makes the sick goose-on still sick, since some "humor" is thrown into the soup. It includes some jokes about Danny Lee's erection and so on. Something that could never be found in the western "serious" films either. And that thing usually destroys mane's otherwise remarkable HK movies, as humor is just as obvious a way and attempts to entertain the audience and masses. The film has a very high level of excellence, as it has many scenes depicting abuse of Wong's wife in different ways. She is raped and smuggled, beaten and kicked by her husband. We also see some feedback from Wang's own childhood, which turns out to be as violent as his own father also killed and turned his young son into what he is now. These flashback scenes, mostly at the end of the movie, also feature some unexpected experiences as the image is accelerated (for example, an ax's hit), and it creates quite insane and medieval atmosphere to the scene. Again something that only HK exploiters seem to be able to come up with. The ending itself contains lots of sudden and shocking doings, as the madman moves his ax and also meets some nails, for example in his furious way. <br /> <br /> The movie is also really beautiful "suspicious" in my opinion as violence and terror are realistically painful and dealing with things that should never be taken as entertainment, mostly I mean rape. The version I saw (I have seen two versions) contains a very long and completely nauseating rape scene that just tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure the HK audience really likes pictures like this, but I think no one with a certain sense of morality in film / entertainment would never accept or do anything like that. Women are brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and low ways, so men's fate seems almost tame compared to the females. The second version I saw, the newly released DVD in HK (without subtitles) has this "table-style" scene in much longer shape than the subtitled Taiwanese DVD, which is otherwise identical to the HK version. I have also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from these two, and since the final credits are full of scenes and pictures not found in the movie itself, it is impossible to say how "uncomplicated" versions these have been released or shown theatrical is. Of course, lots of recordings have been cut out, possibly even before the theater release. <br /> <br /> The film is written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the former also writing films such as Dr. Lamb, The Untold Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988), but out of his other films I've seen, Love to Kill is the most free. Dr. Lamb and The Untold Story are both very brutal and violent, but also have some attempts to criticize the authorities and men in general as to how easy it is to turn into an animal when chasing or fighting for one. The incredible torture images of The Untold Story, where the victim is criminal, are very powerful and certainly have an impact on changing something that can be rooted in society and, for example, the police. But there is nothing in love to kill, it is just honest, calculated and quickly exploited, which by the way is produced by a veteran director Kirk "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993)" Wong! <br /> <br /> Love to Kill doesn't earn more than 2/10 from me, as I don't have too much appreciation for movies like this. (HK) Cinema is meant to be and can be more, and movies like Love to Kill are only commercial parasites that live among the real pieces.
