"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a movie as such, but it is a short series of clips with a comic slapstick theme. This 'movie' got Richard Lester recognized and paved the way for him to lead the first Beatles movie: 'A hard day's night'. Richard Lester instructed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. This film was titled The Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Film, which should only be seen by those who had helped in its production. When the film was meant to be viewed by Lester and his partners alone, a small amount of money and time was invested. The only purpose of this movie is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is that it served as an attempt to work the camera. The movie cost £ 70 to make, and it was filmed in the sepia-toned film store in a field on a few Sundays. All the shots that were filmed were included in the finished production, and the finished production is eleven minutes. <br /> <br /> Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Movies is a comedy about English Sundays and the little hobbies that people do to pass the hour e. All the events in this movie take place in a field. Some of these comic events include a woman who makes a lawn, a man running around a tree stump with a needle to play a record, a photographer who develops films in a pond, an artist who helps paint at the numbers on a model's face, a man builds a tent, an athlete runs over the tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. Not only does the movie party make fun of the hobbies that people do to pass the time away, but it also pokes fun in English culture in relation to American culture. Another of several events in this film includes a group of men and a dragon built out of the UK flag. One of the men jumps inside the kite while the other men try to fly it and the killer breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films of Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as less in power and technology compared to the United States in space age. According to this scene, the British aircraft fly primitive, while the Americans, world power after the Second World War, fly highly advanced rockets and spaceships.
