There is nothing cool, hip or wise in this movie - it looks like it just reveals an ignorance of true art cinema. How can you easily forget that the central fact of this film is that these average & ugly people are. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If they are to separate total strangers to "be a family again" then we will not have them "be a family". What part of it have you had trouble grasping? Why does this filth welcome? <br /> <br /> This stupid filth is what you do if you can't do art! The head and life must be deeply empty to celebrate this superficial evil as "interesting." This is a camera without a brain. What really makes a work of art cool is deepness that questions the status quo from a perspective informed by a knowledge of history (or in this case, a knowledge of something would be preferable!). Instead, it's just coincidental to build the ugliest images available in a world of degradation, thanks to the kind of empty meanness glorified as "cool because it's so far out, man!"). These same violent incidents happen every day. They are NOT "just in the movie." They refer to true soulless people who would do the same things for you. Do you want the things done for you? A child might have thought this up, it required zero imagination, it's not surrealism. This lazy crap has no content, says nothing - it's just the worst of the evening news, and it says nothing new, nothing we don't already know. It's "emperor's new clothes", the director hopes there are probably untrained children, proud of their inhumanity, for this sloppy rubbish to fly. I can see director Miike's demented fans now: chain-smoking teenagers and twenty queens covered in tattoos with metal hanging from holes knocked on their faces, their knowledge base inversely proportional to their intelligence estimates of themselves. <br /> There is no reason for this - it's just plain exploitation of shock value violence. There is no "hidden sense" anywhere in this badly made movie. It's nice to explore a movie to see if you can find biographical devices that are ingeniously artistic, BUT you can't uncover a hidden meaning if you're not there! To do that you have to see and review a real piece of cinema. There are lots out there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, the word . Why don't you see a REAL art movie of them like these giants? This wannabe director, Miike, will NEVER make a movie similar to one of the geniuses I have just mentioned because he just didn't have the talent! Anyone could merge chaotic crap as "Visitor Q." Teenagers could throw it together in an afternoon! There is no message, no sense, no plot, nothing at all. There are long lists of ART Films to learn from - but THIS "Visitor Q" is NOT an art film in any respect. It has no content for it. It's just a banal fate of another, and the point to remember about the hideous crimes is that these things HAPPEN, every single day, somewhere in the world. They are not okay because they are "just in the movie." They refer to true soulless people who would do the same things for you. Do you want the things done for you? To others? Why? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to people who enjoy thinking of horrible events like this. <br /> <br /> There are so many art films out there to use your mind to deconstruct, but you're wasting your talents with this piece of shit. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; why keep trying? I've spent almost 40 years watching almost any movie ever made and stopping with all the new ones, but I've never seen anything as disgusting meaningless as this. It is not imaginative or even shocking, because these types of events occur daily throughout the world. Making this movie or even positively reviewing it has caused over 50 young airheads who don't know anything better to think it's "cool". They can grow up and convince others, some of which may end. Doing these things - convicted murderers often reveal how they started this way by being desensitized to this cruel inhumanity. Trust me on this - I know cool and cool this piece of shit is not. Visitors Q have FEEL of a true SNUFF movie, and I'm still not sure it's not, actually. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is terrible enough already. Some violence like this can happen to you, or to the socially irresponsible director who has knocked out this FAKE Art movie. Believe me, you won't believe it's "Cool" when someone misses your skull in half!
