(BIG SPOILERS) I've seen another Takashi Miike movie, and it was the very disturbing and brutal 'Audition' which was a study of the Japanese femininity's ideal! In "Visitor Q" - which I mean means "Visitor Questions" - he is looking at the well unit in a very disturbing way. Miike's overall vision of a dysfunctional family is almost trying to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and filmmaking, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, are introduced in a bizarre series of scenarios from the opening scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo-which was actually pretty good) to pay for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). So when the father returns home, he is hit on the head by "the visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe), who carries a rather large stone, and for some reason they both end up in the family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and bullied by his son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and bullied by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the home, he establishes something threatening himself as part of the unit. Eventually, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, by milking breasts, murdering and maintaining a sense of family spread. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer together. It has uncomfortable humor, but is just as frustratingly stupid and over-top in its wonder. There is a necrophistic scene that is completely disgusting, but ends up being ridiculously fun when the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can't believe the filmmakers, and the actors actually do this! The movie's style is bad to say the least, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that this is not meant to be realistic, there is hardly any interest in these confrontational characters and situations, as everybody is bound to the absurd! The camera work is sloppy and does not have the cinematic feeling that Lynch's work entails. It's hard to take this movie seriously at a surrealistic level, or at an interpretation of exploring the family unit in Japan. It just seems that Miike was out to shock and the film seems self-conscious that it "tries" to be shocking and it gets almost comical to be taken seriously. All in all, I would say that this movie is a bizarre dark comedy, but it looks and feels amateurish and seems unnecessary to shock. Miike's earlier film, Audition, was finely balanced against obnoxious horror, character development and technique - which established more intrigue in the way the film was designed to allow the viewer to be engrossed in the plot. "Visitors Q" is a step down as it tries to hard to be foreign bizarre and deliberately confront without having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** out of *****!
