Although a movie with Bruce Willis is always worth watching, you can better skip this one. I saw this on television so I didn't have to spend money on it. Fortunately. <br /> <br /> The reason is slowly, very slowly developing. Although the first 30 minutes or so are completely credible, it becomes increasingly incredible towards the end. It is very doubtful whether a spicy soldier like Lt. Waters would comply with direct orders. And even if he wanted if the rest of his platon would. They know he is putting them in direct danger and they know they will surely die if they follow him, but what is it that he is our Lt. So let's do what he says (despite the direct orders, remember). <br /> <br /> There are still some nice scenes in this movie. They save a village where the total population is massaged by the rebels. Well, they save a dozen villagers or so, the rest were already killed. The weird part of that they took the trucks left by the rebels. Rather, they go on foot. Maybe because the roads are uncertain, but there was no explanation for that. Nevertheless. I thought it was what made the movie one point I gave it. What made this movie an insult to the brain and thus quite incredible that a group of 7 soldiers can kill off so many rebels without being wounded or killed themselves. Only at the end do they lose a couple of comrades. And that's only because they have to fight for an army of nearly 500 or more. Can you believe it? <br /> <br /> They fight with an army of so many, kill hundreds of them and lose only a couple of themselves. And they have rounds and round of ammunition. Never run out of it. Grenades and claymore mines, an M60 machine gun and even an RPG. Where do they get these things. Carry it around or what? They even got a laptop that shows them hostile rebel activity. And this laptop has a battery that goes on for days. Really? Who thinks about this shit. I think if you turn off your brain completely and accept that the rebels are a bunch of idiots, you give this movie a high rating. If not, skip this one. It saves you time.
