Here are the games. . . (Adv. = Advantage) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The Perfect Team (Mr. Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first to go in seconds when the warrior splashes him to the pin (4-3 advocates). I knew Ax wasn't a healthy man, but if he was so unhealthy, why does he have it on the card? This would be his last PPV. Finally, both Legion of Doom and Demolition work cheaply at double disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfect Plex uses the Texas Tornado to pin. He tries the same on Warrior, but Warrior does not sell it and kicks out. Warrior comes back with a splash for pin Perfect and becomes the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Society (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Heart Foundation v Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): Mysterious partner is The Undertaker and on his debut has a Influence on Selling Koko Immediately with The Tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say his correct height, weight and completion while pretending not to know who he is), making it 4-3 for Dibiase's Team. for pin (3-3) and his career with WWF is over, shortly after, Niedhart is the victim of Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team) Rhodes next for an Undertaker double-saddle-deal off the top rope but does not leave silent attacks on Brother Love Undertaker goes after Dusty and is spoken out despite not being the legal man (2-1 adv. Dibiase's Team) Almost right after, Greg is caught in a cradle of Hart trying to put the figure four leglock on him and being attached rounds down to Hart v Dibia Se and after a few minutes of lovely wrestling, Bret gets his crosshairs turned by Dibiase to pin. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is used for good. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, warlord and power and glory): After some time I The ring gets Marty Jannetty power slammed by Warlord as he comes out of the top rope for the pin (4-3 adv. Visionaries). Luckily, Martel is fastened in seconds by turning his body over (4-2 adv. Visionaries). Michaels gets caught in the Power Plex and attached by Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). It is now Roberts against four men who are similar to his survival series effort two years earlier. Despite beating Warlord with DDT, Roberts is expected to hunt for Martel. The visionaries are the first team in Survivor Series history to survive completely as one. Not much worth seeing here to be honest as psychology is hasty. 3/10 Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksaw' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural disasters (Earthquakes, Dino Bravo, Barbar and Haku): A Bossman slam eliminates Haku early in the match 4-3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 out of 4 after beating earthquakes with it to be disqualified (3-3). Bravo commits suicide shortly after allowing Hogan to rock him to the needle (3-2 Advocate Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake manages to overcome Bossman with two elbow drops to the pin shortly after (2-2). Hogan is knocked down and finally a tug gets a mark (who knew he was there at this time?), He fights for approx. 30 seconds before being spoken out with the earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. The Barbarian puts in some fine offenses, but inevitably gets caught in the big boots and the bonnet of the pin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) against Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries had camouflage face paint. Lightning fastener here with Santana pinning Zhukov in his last PPV in seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). There wasn't even a Bolshevik showdown. Bushwhackers hit Sato with Battering Ram, although Tanaka was the legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and would be his last appearance on WWF PPV when Orient Express was repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana moans him with the flying forearm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Despite slaughter, he comes in the ring against four men, he eliminates Volkoff (whose career is over after that), Butch and Luke in the order of relative ease. Finally, Santana strikes the battle by disqualification when General Adnan hits him with the Iraqi flag. Finally some interesting booking, even though the fight was horrible. Santana takes the front win as the only survivor and becomes his last finest hour. 3/10 <br /> The egg closes and it's Hector Guerrerro in a stupid outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and gets booed by the audience, while Piper and Monsoon pretend to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v War Words, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of eliminations like Santana pins Warlord in seconds with flying forearms at least hangs his former Summerslam defeat (4-3 adv Dibiase teams). Dibiase stun guns Santana afterwards for the pin (4-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan kicks off The Power Plex and continues to pin Roma after a line of clothes that effectively kills the Power and Glory push (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting and Dibiase with the bone drop to the pin (2-1 adv. Hogan's team). Hogan finally allows Warrior in the fight, who quickly disposes of former nemesis Hercules after a splash. A very predictable ending to the point of nausea. 2/10 <br /> Too many battles and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect as the breakers almost waited for a conveyor belt to be attached. Most of the heels were decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to handle a large roster of wrestlers.
