I have to say that this was a little embarrassing for 'King of the Cowboys'; made in 1948, the picture came out a decade after Roy Rogers earliest pictures, where he had a leading role. Roy's character comes out as a bit clueless in this with his female co-star Jane Frazee, who changes her allegiance between Roy and Robert Livingston, depicting the bad guy Bill Regan. The whole story seems to be confused, with missing opportunities for what could have been an entertaining hour or so. For example, the legend of the 'Hangman's Hotel', which says the hung man comes to life at midnight. With Andy Devine in the cast as Cookie Bullfincher, you'd think the story would get a little mileage out of the set. Instead, you have some terrible procedures that would have been better served if this had been a Bowery Boys flick. It was a tedious attempt at a haunted hotel gimmick who relied on the bad old Genevieve, who the truth is told, completes getting more screen time than Trigger, who is contracted as 'Smartest Horse in the Movies', had nothing to say about Get upstaged by a mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage, replacing Bob Nolan and the Pioneer's sons at your musical space. I don't know about you, but it was already halfway into the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - okay! <br /> <br /> But there was still an interesting element that could be found here, if you looked hard enough, and it turned out to be Roy's athletic dismantling while still fleeing the evil ones. OK, it was probably a stunt double, but I haven't seen it before in a few hundred Westerns. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee makes the sleeves as the female leader in this image, as she would in four other films facing Roy in the 1947/1948 time frame. In "Under California Stars" she appeared as Andy Devine's cousin, appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. You are never entirely convinced of which side she will enter into this story, but since she begins to pretend to be someone, she is not and is won on the good guy side by accident. <br /> <br /> Fans of the old Laurel and Hardy movies may be so surprised to see James Finlayson here as the Sheriff of Sintown. I would have liked a little more comedy relief written for his role, but he played it pretty much after all. I had to wonder when he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) were getting into my shaft with Cookie as there was no reason to be. Just one way to shut it out, I think, with almost as many thoughts that went into the rest of the picture. I hate to be so tough, but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers flicks, know that this wasn't one of his finer bets. <br /> <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if it's the same place that grew up to be Sin City?
