I got away from this movie with the feeling that it could have been so much better. Instead of what should be an exciting story of a boy's struggle for survival in the desert, it emerges as a National Geographic documentary that meets Columbia Sportswear Ad. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) preparing for a flight by plane to see his father. His mother exquisitely gives him the curious choice of a hatchet as a go-gift (what's wrong with a Rubik's Cube?), Knowing how hard he will soon need it. Once in the air, the plane's pilot (a blink-and-miss miss-cameo by Ned Beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless as the plane crashes into a lake. Extremely lucky to walk (or rather swim) away almost rude, Brian must find shelter, food and hope of rescue. <br /> <br /> Here's the main problem with the movie begins. With Brian's loneliness, Jared has very few lines to speak, and then the movie must have compensated by breaking the excitement of each scene. Instead, he turns out to walk around, sit around and so on with only a minimal sense of danger. As a result, too much reliance on setbacks for the parents' troubled marriage is the source of tension. These scenes just get in the way and don't add much to the story. Even worse, occasionally Jared ?? his face is covered with mud - leaving a primary scream or two that cause unfortunate parallels with 'Predator'. When we talked about the unfortunate, we could have been spared the sight of his mole, but it was probably helped to keep him warm at night. Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a completely ineffective performance as the mother. Both she and dad have very little influence in the film. For example, we are never shown how they respond to news about Brian's disappearance, how to organize rescue attempts, etc. This is just a source of excitement that filmmakers would have done well to explore instead of spending so much time on events that happened before Brian began his journey.
