Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the more fun women who have been on Saturday Night Live. It is unfortunate that together with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph they were at SNL during the longest row of unfunny writing and sketch-making (about 2002-2006), which the performance has ever had. Still, the two women know what is fun, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will notice in the credits of this movie that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story of "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the actual manuscript consisting of dialogue and all the important fill-in the-blank material that makes a story a multi-dimensional film? Yep, just Shiraki. Only one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie, and no women apparently wrote the script with him. The result is a beautiful cliché spring break movie that doesn't so much spoof the faux vacation as much as utilizing it as much as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler and even co-star Parker Posey could have contributed their handwriting to the manuscript, it would have been far less cliché. The principle is originally because it is about thirty some women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently also college) who never had the fun spring break trip they allegedly dreamed of. I say "supposedly" because you never quite know what fun is for these characters. They took on talent shows in the past, singing outdated pro-woman anthems as "True Colors" and spending their nights with make-your-own-pizza parties. Although none of them are particularly uninteresting, the look of the look seems to treat them as they are. There is a scene in which a blind student of Poehler's (played by Poehlers true life-mate Will Arnett) asks her for a date, only to touch her face and immediately change. Of course, if Poehler's character were unattractive, they hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The movie continues to show promise, although we have doubts about the protagonists as Posey's boss, Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, fun as always) hires Posey to review his unpopular college-age daughter (Amber Tamblyn, plays another woman who is attractive in real life but not in the face of any character in this movie) while going to a Laguna Beach-like vacation spot for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch come together, they are reluctantly being boozed up, partying as they apparently had to be in college, and then comes the ultimate showdown with sorority bitches led by Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body that both women and men would kill for different reasons. Unfortunately, her movie career is going to a tough start with the eerie unfunny "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she plays a southern belle, although her voice sounds like she stole the Delta Burke's voice box. She pours it a little too much, tries too hard to play an enticing bitch that she comes out as much as a caricature of spoiled college kids like the rest of the extras. "Spring Breakdown" was released directly to DVD despite Amy Poehler's star power, but rightly so, because the story is far too cliché. It might as well have been called "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown," and the magazine would probably not have sued for trademark infringement due to the free advertising. If director Shiraki had given at least one woman the creative entrance, especially Rachel Dratch, this movie would have been great and not nearly as boring as the frat-house comedies we've seen before. I know that Dratch comes with another fun concept and hopefully gets to fill the rest of the script itself. She is funny enough and she deserves better than this half-baked comedy that would accept Stiffler's brother with open arms.
