Another great star cast, another glamor set, another renowned instructor, another flick filled with songs that are topping chart busts, but unfortunately what is lacking in today's end is a story that every moviegoer expects from so much. big budget movie picture. So much hype is what lurked around in the movie before it's red carpet premiere. A hype that went to an extent where Anil Kapoor predicts that the movie would be one of the finest love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well, Anilji, what movie were you talking about? Now the film's plot is approx. 6 different couples and 12 different people who have a completely different attitude to life, but despite their different approach to life, they all have a common problem, that is love. Well, a lured theme. But little do we expect the movie to be such a boredom that it will let down the last expectation the audience would have from such a multi-star movie. It's a little movie that I totally dislike, because after using a hefty buck for a multiplex ticket, I'm locked in the theater for 4 hours and just waiting for the pain for the climax. The problem starts right from the start. The director is so confused with the plot that he even gets confused about how to split the time slot into six different star casts. Some of the couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan - (who the woman is opposite him) just make no sense for their existence in the movie. Salman (who calls himself rahul in a weird way for the whole movie. Well as Rahoooooool), again, as usual, tries to be extra cool with his Videsi kinda hindi accent. Hi Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least take a tip from Abhishek to improve your acting. A simple striptease would not make the movie a box office hit every time. And Anilji stops shaving your trademark beard or you look completely like an eunuch. And smooching a girl of your daughters' age just looks like watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please avoid Nikhilji putting such superfluous scenes in a movie that is not necessary for the shot. The other major flaw in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. Each story itself looks like it has been taken from various flicks composed to form a sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood still needs to learn a lot from movies like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art to pace the various unrelated sequences to create a perfectly blended story. One place while I evaluated pre-release movie reviews someone predicted that the movie wouldn't do well because the title of this movie adds up to number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in Numerology. But I take my full time by saying that the film will not fail by its Numerology defects, but because of the many errors that continued in the movie. And when director such as Nikhil Advani can make such big blunders in the film's entire story, it wouldn't surprise to have saved the movie from bombing at Box Office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion to all of you is to avoid watching this movie at any cost. It is not worth a tart that you pay for the ticket. There is actually better movie on theater screens at the moment which is worth seeing more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
