Six for the price of one! So it's a bonanza time for Cinegoers. Is it not? Here is not one, not two, but all SIX love stories, an ensemble cast of top stars of bollywood, as well as all the stories in the genre of your favorite top directors Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will see every terrible kind of love story you have enjoyed or tolerated for years. Don't look for you. Need something more than this? No, thank you, thank you. Why sir? Enough is enough. Please save us. They signed each top star that they manage to sign, whether required or not, so they end up making a circus of stars, believe it or not. Too cut off All things depicted here are exactly how it is prescribed in the Bollywood romance textbook. Plus you have to justify the length of each story as each has stars. Therefore, it is too long-three hours plus. Gags are filmy. Signs are filmy. Problems, Barriers, Situations, Resolution ?? yes you guessed it again, again ??. filmy-tested and tested. The same hundreds of dancers dance in colorful costumes in the background. Why do they have no other work to do? All couples are sugary-sweet, fairy-tale type, picture perfect. Everyone looks good. Every story begins in a perfect way, and therefore should end in the impossible perfect way? Too random. You cannot connect to a single story. Here you have everything you have already seen a million times. Bloody false, unreal, escapist abnormal stories are considered normal for more than a hundred years since the development of this Indian cinema. What a shame on the emotions of today's audience? Yes it could have acted as a parody if he just celebrates love stories of yesteryear, but unfortunately that thing has not been explored. At least, director Nikhil Advani should have tried an unconventional, eerie love story, but what will happen to the tradition of living up to the brand of commercial bollwood potboiler brigade? Oh! Someone has to continue, no. Imagine, on the one hand, that the audience finds it hard to sit through such a love story, and here we have six times the pain. I mean six damn stories. I mean double chopraen's Mohabbatein (Year 2000) fun. In this time and age you get something right, guys. We are now desperate to see some not so colorful people and not so bright stories Oh, what have you said right now - come on, it's entertainment. My advice, please do not waste your time from reading such reviews. Go instead, get some more such entertainment! Thank you.
