I had never read Gary Paulsen's novel, The Hatchet, for which 'A Cry in the Wild' is the adaptation, so I can't make any comparisons with the book. However, I would say that as a movie on its own, adaptation or no adaptation, was an underdeveloped adventure that does not give any great explanation to its few characters. Think of 'A Cry in the Wild' As a less luxurious teenager (was Quincy, California the only place this was filmed?) Version of 'Cast Away.' Jared Rushton is the 13-year-old Brian Roebson, a kid on a small plane to visit his father until the craft goes down some deserted mountain areas, leaving the baby stranded for a while and defending himself. > There are almost three parts to the movie, obviously the ten or fifteen minute introduction of the characters, Brian and his mother. <br /> <br /> The next third of the movie (which really uses almost the whole movie) is Brian's "roughing it." These scenes contain no particular great action, nothing spectacular other than lots of beautiful filmography of a beautiful Yukon landscape. Nothing to put you on the edge, no real meetings (except a quick confrontation with a cub), and no one major dilemmas to start some kind of enjoyment or connection with the character on the screen.You can even feel sadly saddened by the time we find out that Brian is dealing with his situation through first primitive means and then more improving they (using tools, etc.) for his survival. It is more like the normal time that passes if you are actually stuck in the situation and it is very much about it. In other words, they did not put meat on Paulsen's words as they translated them into a visual medium. <br /> <br /> And of course, the third part of the movie is his rescue. <br /> <br /> However, there is a subplot that constantly seeks to make itself known during this time, however. A certain conflict between Brian and his parents, who created a rocky, awkward relationship between them. But for the most part, it is only explained in short, intermittent, minimal dialogue flashbacks that look more like a back story for a music video. A few minutes, the singer from Jefferson Starship, was going to chime in a start singing 'Sara'. Apart from what the viewer can draw from the implications or guess his own need to fill in the gaps in the narrative, we get a very underdeveloped storyline that was probably needed to enjoy at least part of this movie and link to characters. Whether it really had anything to do with Brian's survival adventure in the third part of the movie. These are the flaws of the narrative, which through the viewer enter into a stupor as he struggles to find out what the many people on the screen are doing and almost made me scream on the television to say something and tell me more! <br /> <br /> It was certainly not a good adventure story for me. But for fans of Jared Rushton, it was one of the last few films he made. Then look at it for nostalgia, if not otherwise.
