Who are these "de" actors? filmmakers? Certainly could not be the audience - this is among the most air-breathing productions that exist. It's the kind of movie that looks like it was very fun to shoot ?? Too much fun, no one gets any real work done, and it almost always makes a movie that's not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter Don's glasses to hammer home the status of his character as a kind of diphtheria of the peculiar Bogdanovich; The scenes with the soft Mrs. Stratten are cute, but have an embarrassing, watch-boys-I-dating-the-prom-queen feel to them. Ben Gazzara sports his usual cat canary laugh in an involuntary attempt to raise the weak plot, requiring him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all interest in a narcotic drug at an insomnia clinic. Meanwhile, the budding couple's respective children (nepotism alarm: Bogdanovit's daughters) are spreading sweetly and getting some rather disturbing points to 'love' while observing their parents. (Mrs Hepburn, who draws on her dignity, manages to rise above the meetings - but she has the monumental challenge to play herself, apparently.) Everyone looks good, but what? It's a movie, and we can expect so much, if that's what you're looking for, it's better to get a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh, and it should be mentioned that Colleen Camp is deeply annoyed, even apart from her song, which, although competent, is totally unconvincing ... the country and western numbers are violently incompatible with the audio track standards . Surely it is not what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the film's title is derived) had in mind; his stage musicians from the 20s may have been weak, but at least they were long-known. "They all laugh" trying to shore on their good intentions, but none - at least of all Peter Bogdanovich - have the good sense to put on the brakes. <br /> <br /> Due to not a small portion of the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this movie has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - he bought it himself back from his producers and distributed it himself and went bankrupt because it did not turn out to be popular. His rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of Hollywood stories, so there's no joy in criticizing the movie ... there are real emotional investments in Ms Stratt's scenes. But "Laughed" is a weak echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - after "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love" it was a thunderous confirmation of the phase from which PB never appeared. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie is harmless, just a waste of rent. I want to see people feel good, I go to the park on a sunny day. To cinematic expressions of joy and love, I adhere to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
