This is a sad movie made for sad people. I sat in theaters that beat my hair apart, and I would break the chair in front of me as the film spread out a sharp-inducing scene after another. And there were people roaring with laughter behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movie these people should look at to really enjoy this horse s ** t <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories without reason and no interesting signs. The play is boring, probably he was full when he wrote this movie. There is no strong hold on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to keep the audience and filled with dialogues that you would have heard a million times before. One of the stories is about this couple not being able to have sex because of disasters that take place every time they want to. I mean seriously, is this story really necessary? It's not funny, not creative, but only shows that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another of the stories (which was probably the only story I was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity, and it also ends in a lame, old, sati-savitri patient armor crap. I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot was about. There was no problem in the plot for it to be a plot. She can't take Karan Johar's movie because she has to marry Salmaan ?? Why can't she marry him and still take the film? or will Advani and Priyanaka just prove the world that it is indeed true that female actors cannot succeed if they are married or that they should not act in movies when they are married ?? Of course, with six actors in the film, Advani cannot produce the film alone. So he makes full use of sponsors like the Times Group, who shamelessly promote their movie-perils. And also some jewelry brand that the women in the movie definitely seem to love !! I'm going to IMDb to give it the worst rating and I'm shocked to see posts praising the movie. It just goes to show the sad state of bollywood and how the star hit the fans. With fans like these, movies like Salaam E Ishq will continue to be made and worse is probably a hit.
