The problem with Nikhil Advanis Salaam-e-Ishq is many. A one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in a previous English movie - Love Actually) goes horribly wrong thanks to incomplete and low-key writing. A well-meaning idea is crushed to smiths under the weight of its own gigantic ambition. A director so completely absorbed in his very much acclaimed first film goes overboard with the units that worked in his previous movie (Kal Ho Na Ho). Try counting how many times the unit of split screens is used in this flick. The problem is - what worked fabulously in the Kal Ho Na Ho was the emotional surplus of the Karan Johar school of film making, but here "feeling" doesn't really feel us with its appearance on the screen - no, not even marker. The author / instructor gives us 'six relationships to a common problem - love', but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the 'feeling'? A tribute to the feelings of love? And one who continues and on and on ...... Nah, it just can't work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a portmanteau movie like this is to work that not only must each story be "complete", it must - somehow - follow graph of the traditional three-act structure (screen writing guru, Syd Fields paradigm). That's the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishq didn't work for me. None of the stories had any depth or a roller coaster ride of emotional ups and downs expected in mainstream Hindi cinema. Also the connection between some of the stories seemed silly and very forced. It's not clear what Salman Khan does at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If he was obliged to be present at the wedding scene for a nice wrapping, why not appear any more coincidences and bring the other two couples to the wedding too? It would be better. <br /> <br /> But yes, some of the stories had many promises. For one, Anil Kapoor-Juhee tries to capture the Chawla story of a very real situation - the mid-life crisis, but the journey is so linear that one is wondering if it really was a problem. Likewise, the problem of engagement in the Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia story is also true for life. If only it was developed, it was a little better. I felt that the more promising stories in this mish-moss were told from the male point of view, which is fine, but it brings down these emotional quotes because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular - all have the depth of A half-filled bathtub. Wasn't this movie supposed to be about '12 different lives'? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn to act while Vidya Balan is reliable and endearing as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a role written just for him, but sometimes survives the sadness of his chain. When she didn't get a fleshy character to portray, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover it. Akshaye Khanna is fine in spite of going a bit over-the-top in a couple of scenes. Ayesha Takia doesn't have much to do, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her bravura performance in Dor. Govinda tries to compensate for the big mistake called Bhagam Bhag and largely succeeds. <br /> <br /> It brings me the most annoying path of the movie (which undoubtedly ends up increasing the maximum screen time) Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is annoying mainly because of them. But I have to credit them for their context. They are consistently BAD all through the movie. Priyanka could well be the next queen of hamming - I do not buy the cut that her role (a "girl") required her to trade over-the-top. Someone should tell her the difference between being flamboyant, because the character requires it and even hamming. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in her interviews and Bigg Boss you will know what I mean. I feel strongly that if Nikhil Advani had taken Rakhi Sawant in this role rather than a bigger star like Priyanka, history would have worked better. Salman Khan's false accent is ..... Now, Shannon Ezra's Hindi is less accented than Salman's. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he manages to add some good direct references to the movie. I especially liked the use of gray as the predominant color in the Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla story as a metaphor for their dull existence, and the bright colors that enter the story with the second woman's arrival. But will anyone choose to paint their house in varying, depressing shades of gray? It is acceptable movie license I would say. But when the film runs almost for 4 hours, it almost feels as if the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his 'touch' in an infinite meandering assembly of uninspiring sequences. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater as long as it is humanly possible - pata nahin, call ho ho.
