'Baptists at Our Barbecue' is the best movie ever made. Now I've got your attention with the horrible inaccurate statement that should be a stinging offense if you speak, let me begin my brief overview of this sticky, offensive, pretentious, and boring junk junk I think you could consider a movie. First of all, this stinker's low budget is quite obviously based on Christian Vuissa's very poor and inexperienced direction and the sticky, overly predictive, whiny and styled manuscript of F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that it sends a very pro-Mormon and some kind of anti-any other religion message. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows that all the main and role models are Mormon, and that they are so cozy and perfect, but they are picked by the evil, hanging and very judgmental Baptists. It shows how beautiful Mormons are and how cold-hearted and ignorant Baptists are, rather than showing a little solidarity as it would be appropriate and realistic. I'm not part of either religion (I'm actually an atheist), but that's probably what offended me, along with another myriad of Baptists. It shows that the Baptists are very unopened and unpleasant for the Mormons, and the Mormons accept much, as there is again reality, there is a mutual similarity between them. Sorry, I didn't mean going out on a ridge. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of 'Baptists at Our Barbecue', I didn't care much for was the actor. The performances are very amateurish and unnatural, especially from the female leader Heather Beers. Miss Beers stumbles through her part without passion or feeling for her role, and I was not so impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the protagonist of this dark of a movie, but I have to say he is more talented or shows more talent in this movie than Heather Beers. The one who played the city's sheriff was also horrible. Although there may be a little grin deep inside the movie, it is full of clichés. For example, the protagonist Tartan (Merkley) finds comfort with an Indian who always gives him the best advice on things related to a tribal form of life - how cliché is that? To make the situation even more pathetic cliché, Tartan buys the poor, lonely called a puppy dog. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay far away from 'Baptists at Our Barbecue' as you can. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a sweet and interesting little indie about religion. All I got was a good piece of shit. Grade: D- <br /> <br /> my rating guide - A + (absolutley flawless); A (a masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (large); B (very good); B- (god); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutley terrible); F (not a redeeming quality in this hunk of Hollywood feces).
