As might be expected, a Mazursky movie made in the 70s would be counter-culture, sympathetic to the hippies - and have many hippies in it - and that is, of course, childish anti-authoritarian (eg, the scene on the Mexican border when Sutherland provokes a custom officer by showing some respect and then accusing the latter of having him open his luggage only because he (Sutherland) has long hair). The constant left-wing dribble could have got on my nerves if I wasn't prepared for it in advance; Sutherland muscles high for his family and friends for potential movie ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are either black or Indians (it will of course be welcomed with open arms in today's Hollywood). One of his movie ideas is about a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a race war spoken in the middle of L.A .. This is the kind of nonsense Mazursky thinks of when writing scripts to his films. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends make fun of this black revolution premise, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; A little later, the Jewish guy makes a crack about Sutherland, who makes a movie about "Masturbation and the Black Problem" when the latter begins to talk about masturbation. Another fun moment is when Sutherland's older daughter performs some PC steps on stage with her white schoolmates, and they all say, "We, the black people of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> There is always some confidence when Hollywood is making a film about Hollywood - especially when Hollywood is making a film about Hollywood that discusses Hollywood making movies. Now it is very, very self-reliant. However, the scene with Fellini (playing himself) is more entertaining than annoying. Mazursky throws in the standard flower children and the anti-Vietnam thresh in the soup, and heck even fun at Hollywood's business, but he was / is as much a part of "fake Hollywood" (lyrics from that song in the surreal war segment) like everyone else ; I'm pretty sure he also makes fake chats in the Beverly Hills parties and laughs faculty while he shakes hands on people he doesn't know or likes, but whose money he wants bad for his next) project. With regard to his hair: he has the worst hair I've seen for a very long time (on film or elsewhere); It's like the kind of long hair that a medieval bookkeeper would have if he grew that long. The film remains relatively interesting in spite of its futility, but it paints a little down into the tedium in the last third. To read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by email.
