The concept of this television screen is ridiculous beyond words, but hey, it was in the late 1970s and literally all stupid horror formats were pretty horrible, so why not take advantage of the idea of ​​a satanic obsessed dog? The plot of "Devil Dog" is easy to describe to fans of the horror genre: simply think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn baby boy with a nest of German Shepard tits! Seriously, I'm not talking, it's all about movies! During the opening order, members of a kind of satanic cult buy a dog only in heat to get it impregnated by Satan himself. You think the Dark Lord has other things in his mind than forging a German Shepard and taking over the world a vicious puppy at that time, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen", one of the puppies is taken by model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But lucky ?? it's the dog's name ?? is pure evil and runs annoying neighbors and nosy school teachers in derived and tamely executed ways. He also infects his vicious character on the family wife and children, but he cannot force his father (Richard Crenna) to hold his arm in a lawnmower because he is a "chosen". It all becomes too moronic for words when Crenna eventually travels to Ecuador to search for an old mural and is afforded by an old witch doctor who speaks perfect English. I think he learned to live isolated on top of a mountain all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's With Helen", "Ruby") and lead actor Richard Crenna ("Wait for the Dark", "The Evil") are desperately trying to create an exciting and mysterious atmosphere, but everything is in vain. Scenes like cute puppy eyes spontaneously set fire to a Spanish girl or a dog dodging bullets without even moving induce chuckles instead of fear, and not even spooky musical tunes can chance it. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end, when the Satan dog mutates into a completely cheesy shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really stupid movie, but it is definitely fun to watch late in the evening with some friends and lots of spirits. There are entertaining short comos by Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the scary cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as the evil fruit, vegetable and puppy trader. And yes, the annoying daughter is the same child being blown away and complaining about her ice cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13".
