Offering a killer combo of horrible writing, horrible acting and horrible direction, it is a tossup about Kinjite: The Forbidden Subjects are aggressively bad or just hilariously bad. It's almost as if someone was running a competition to make the most fun, seediest cannon film. As if a look at a cast-list, including characters like 'Lesbian Pedophile', 'Perverted Gentleman', 'Porno actress' was not enough, it is your only chance to see Charles Bronson's policeman throwing a low life on a bed and take a dildo - but calmly, it's okay, since the offscreen screams make it clear that he only tortures him for information. Although slightly overprotective for his cozy Catholic daughter, he is a good Catholic policeman who regularly brings local Catholic priest William O'Connell to a packed lunch and believes in poetic justice - or at least makes sure that Evil boys end up slamming with the horniest inmates maximum safety can give to give them a taste of their own medicine. But then that's what you get to tell him "Look, I think you're a little unstable." Still, when he later offered a bribe, he can speak, "I want to push this in the ass, but I don't want to get my hands dirty," he has clearly learned where to draw the line: instead he just does him eat a $ 25,000 clock and set fire to his Cadillac. The anal obsession even goes to the movie's title: Despite the poster with a naked Japanese girl on a porn movie set, the film's only direct example of Kinjite / Forbidden Topics, which Alex Hyde White's English teacher explains to a group of Japanese businessmen, is to talk about your stools in it polite society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not just too old for this, as the opening match only makes clear, he is too old for love interest Peggy Lipton, and she looks old enough to have adult children. A better actor than he ever got the credit for when he got the right material, here he has been given less a properly thought out character than a series of outrageous reactionary quirks. When he does not expand the suspects' circles, he dies by the death of his buildings by dying. He is definitely not a P.C. copper, with special disgust for the Japanese - as if it was not bad enough that they buy American companies, what is worse, the double parks on a public highway! No racist minority gets untested, be it black pimp or Pakistani hotel consultant, no cop cliché unrecycled, be it a boss slamming his fist on the table or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and his spectacular bad hair color that is so prominent it deserves the screen billing all its own). The two plot strings - Bronsons L.A.-cop, trying to take down Juan Hernandez's pimp, dealing with underground girls and James Pax's porn-possessed Japanese businessman ?? take forever to interfere and then in the most unlikely ways: Having created a sense of Bronze's daughter on a bus ("Some oriental lighthouses touched my hell's hell!"), Pax finds in her film of poetic justice his own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. You half expect that the author pops his head around the corner of the screen and says, "How are you like apples?" Somewhere under all laziness, the germ is a good idea, though it is too muddy to ever be clear what that idea really is, but the performance is clean. Rising Sun: Archie Bunker Version, shot as an outlet from an R-rated 80s music video with a monstrous and rather lazy dockside shoot -'em-up-and-blow'em-up finale that sees a tiny army of power-driven sidekicks suddenly look next to the free body count. The last of Bronson is mostly bad at various collaborations with J. Lee Thompson ?? and unfortunately Thompson's last film as an instructor - it's a bad signoff for two undervalued players who never seemed to be so picky about what pictures they said yes to.
