Blood Legacy starts with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) for the dean, who was previously owned by the now deceased Christopher Dean (John Carradine). On his arrival, he was met by the dean's four children, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her fella Carl Isenberg (John Smith ). Drake plays a tape recording that they are late Father's wishes after his death, the value $ 136 million should be distributed equally between his four children if anyone were to die, then the money would be distributed equally between the rest and if everyone was killing the freaky Servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and the more mouth-watering name Frank (John Russell) would pocket the party. Well, not satisfied with a quarter of $ 136 million (still nearly $ 35 million back in 1971, which doesn't sound too bad to me), a person decides that they want everything for themselves and that is Not long before the necked heads face up the fridge ... Co-written, produced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy disappointed me in two accounts. Initially, this movie's alternative and much more common title is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of an unclear horror movie directed by Andy Milliagn back in '78, which I have always wanted to see, both films being regularly mixed as both have similar stories, and when i checked my screen cable tv guide for the heritage of blood i was thrilled because it said it was milligan movie & even listed him as an instructor so when i actually sat down to watch it & i heard john carradine voice and I then knew it wasn't the Milligan movie I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then of course it is the simple but undeniable straightforward fact that Blood Legacy is a totally complete piece of shit that is literally painful to see at times. The script from Monson & Eric Norden is slow, boring and highly predictable. The character is totally bizarre in an annoying way, a servant who asks is his sister (?) To stop him, the strange set of brother & sisters who are just plain odd and so far removed from reality that any excitement or The mystery of the simplified whodunit story could have accomplished missing much, and then there is the horrible twist ending that you can guess within the first 10 minutes. It's boring to see, it's badly paced, and it's just a task to even think about it. Please save me as these are really bad things. I could go all day about how bad Blood Legacy is, I really could. <br /> <br /> Director Monson worked either with a non-existent budget or judges this, he shouldn't even have targeted traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it is poorly photographed, and there is no atmosphere or scare. Blood and gore is pretty much an ax in the head, a decapitated head, a scene when someone has been killed by wasps and the best murder when someone else's face is eaten by piranha. But there is questioning about this scene, so there is the victim, right. There is the idea of ​​piranha, right. Victims head is located in the piranha tank, right. Pirahna eats victims face, right. The water remains crystal clear despite the victim having his face eaten, where is the blood? Technical Blood Legacy is horrible, it looks awful, the sound was obviously shot alive and it is subdued and difficult to hear what consideration the terrible dialogue is perhaps a blessing in disguise. The action would not win anyone any awards, it is for sure, at least said about it the better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a horrible movie, there really isn't a single positive aspect to it or if I can't think of it. Do yourself a favor & don't bother with this, there are much better movies out there.
