*** SPOILERS *** With a collection of family members and servants of late Christopher Dean, John Carradine, to hear his last will and testament, they get some surprise, as the dean's fortune is about $ 140 million. The money will be distributed among them, but only after they have spent a week at Dean Mansion. There seemed to have been a mix of history when we later find out that it really is an overnight holiday, not a week's holiday, on the palace of the guests to qualify for the dean's money, as almost everyone ends up being dead at sunrise . <The first victim of Dean Curse has nothing to do with getting and money from the late Christopher Dean property, the local sheriff Dan Garcia, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta has his head chopped in the fridge and then served on a plate for a shocked group of guests. Later that night, cute little Chin Greg and Laura, Jeff Morrow & Marry Anders, little pet pooch were found dead without floating in the pond. <br /> <br /> The movie has all the people who live at Dean Mansion being picked one by one until it reveals who the murderer really is. We saw what seems to be a double twist in history, when the original killer was suddenly killed with two of the last remaining guests. The actual killer does not just stop getting the whole promise, $ 140 million, but then don't stop splitting it with his accomplice by making him or her by giving him a poisonous cookie that kills him on the spot. <br /> <br /> Irresponsible and haunted house movie with a cast of such immoral and unlikely signs that even a mother, much smaller audience, would have trouble suffering. There is everything you could possibly think of in the movement involving the selective guests that include incest S&M sadism and of course double trades and backstabbing that do not even count murders. You just couldn't care less about which of the guests survived to collect the deans' fortune at the end of the movie and hope for all hope as none of them do. Even the big surprise at the end is not 'I'm really so much surprised when the killer is identified with the movie maker forgetting to keep his face in the shadows so you actually see who he is even before he reveals himself! We then have a plot twist that eliminates the killer along with a number of remaining guests just to make the movie a little more confusing so it is already. The final plot twist that you can see coming from as far as ten miles away was just to show how smart the very obvious killer was, who screamed almost no one to watch the movie.
