I have bought one of these "Legacy of Horror" 50 movie package collections, and would you think I'm still looking through them to find a good HORROR movie in it. Sometimes you will find an enjoyable but campy like The Devil's Messenger or The Devil Bat or one of the great Alfred Hitchcock's movies (some are not horror and are only there because Hitchcock directed some horrors and tensions) but at other times it seems that they put movies like The Island Monster and this because they cannot accept the fact that they could easily be forgotten and should be for that matter. <br /> <br /> Then we open up a kind of Westing game idea. The rich but cruel and fierce father played by Carradine (the only standing feature of this) is dead and left his legacy to his children and servants, which he still hates. Carradine gives a good enough performance as always, but he is mainly back in a voice recording and flashback sequences that allow us to sit through mediocre / horrible performances. The rest of the cast overtakes or subjugates in scenes. Considering this was an independent film from the 70's, the lighting and effects are quite limited. It's hard to build a lot of tension when the viewer can't see what's happening so well in some scenes. Some actors such as the servants Igor and Elga make an effort at least, and I am ashamed to admit that I turn to chuckle at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity, but still with a much lesser happiness that they pulled a version of a twist to someone else rather obvious who-it but not enough to improve the quality of the movie. You are not supposed to suffer the signs as they are either selfish or cruel or psychotic, but it takes it to a whole new level and makes many unattainable. The death scenes are pretty bad, and the excitement is not really there. It shows that you will probably enjoy the 20 film package "Chilling", which includes films like House on a Haunted Hill, Little Shop of Horror with Jack Nicholson and Night of Living Dead over it. This is best avoided.
