I've been a fan of all things Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course I am Catholic, come from a well-educated family and go to church of my own will, which is likely to end up with a couple of Bill's statements. Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is uniformly negative. He is correct to document the sociological aspects of it, ie. A belief builds its vacation on another, and many wars have begun because of religion (or more precisely by people's outrageous appeals to God's ultimate and undoubted authority), but he said he never looks at his positive side. Frankly, I think hell would freeze before Bill would ever humble himself and travel to the slums in Calcutta, where Mother Theresa used her life to work with the poorest of the poor. She is of course dead now, but he could easily visit the Jesuit priest in East LA, who runs Homeboy Industries, working with young men, typically with gang and prison backgrounds to learn career skills, get their tattoos removed and become responsible members of society. or he could visit the USC's Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which has brought together some of the world's finest theologians, diplomats, and investment bankers to explore ways in which the world's poorest countries can integrate into global capital markets, thus improving the standard of living for half of The world's people who live on less than $ 1 a day. Of course, he will not do so because it would require him to consider evidence that does not easily fit into his predestined belief in religion, and it is so much easier to continue to make brilliant superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> It fits the second major problem with Bill's film, which is that he never exposes himself to anyone at his level or who is better than he is. In this movie you have Maher the Cornell degree spend most of her time talking down to truck drivers at a nondominational Christian Truck Stop Service, in a nightclub with a Dutch guy who smokes the pot all the time with the minister of a Miami store church who claims to be the reincarnation of Christ and with an actor playing Jesus at a theme park "Holy Land". <br /> <br /> What you don't want to see in Bill's films, in addition to some superficial speculation along with a Ph.D in Grand Central Station, that religion chemically changes the brain as drugs and that religion is the traditional default of the masses , is any kind of serious and questionable interviews with philosophy and theological professors from schools such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, who could easily rhetorically abolish him in a debate on the matter. You will not see any serious discussion of any of the C.S. scriptures. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton or other papal encyclical, and of course, you will not find any discussion about any of the non-Abrahamic (Judaism, Christianity and Islam) beliefs at all. All you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a discouraging, snobby, western side of LA, making a film of its own, and who has absolutely no gut level understanding whatsoever of how the other half of America choosing George W. Bush (twice), living their lives or thinking behind it. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of what Bill says, but for anyone who has his intellect and influence, this movie was nothing short of pathetic. Anyone who is interested in the kind of intellectual fermentation that the indie documentaries typically bring could find more stimulation in an old rerun of Teletubbies.
