I rented this shortly after renting Ben Stein's "Expelled" and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before I move on, it just seems fair that I point out the following, so a reader can see if I am injured or not. I'm trying to be objective, for the record. <br /> <br /> I tend to enjoy Maher's HBO show every now and then, although I rarely think he's the source of humor. I don't care about his stand-up. But he does some good points on the show over and over, and I liked Politically Wrong, even though he was still quite politically correct (which I consider negative, because the word itself is Orwellian or at least fascist). As for my religious views, for the sake of simplicity, I say that I am a non-denominator. Christian with some views that are objectivistic and some are agnostic mixed in. It is said that this is a bad "documentary" for reasons that have not yet been touched by many reviewers - although they are also valid. The reason why it is not convincing is not just that he argues for the main point without letting others speak (and his point boils down nothing logically either, it is just "come on, really?" Which is not a point, just a question, try David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason for this is not convincingly lies in his lack of experts in the subject. I saw this about 2 months ago and I only remember him talking to someone whose references as a professional were mentioned if he was not a priest. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with graduates or doctorates who are willing to do a bit of verbal sparring, especially in history, anthropology, or a host of others. <br /> <br /> If you compare this with Ben Stein's "Showed: No Intelligence Allowed" he finds out that Stein interviews about 30 legitimate professors, professionals, priests, etc. He does this with a variety of sources with different backgrounds. He also makes a point in his film about freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have pointed out accidents committed by theocratic rules through centuries or persecutions from it. Instead, he idiotically refers to the secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as proof of why secularism needs more socio-political power! (It is in the bonus features where he is standing in front of the Anne Frank House, I think.) This is a true Orwellian tour. He blames Christianity especially on many meaningless deaths - who have had their share, even though it is much smaller than most !! - without even including a basic perception of evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is dwarfed by the miserable record of the secular humanism of the 20th century ALONE. <br /> <br /> Another brilliant weakness is his unwillingness to talk to someone who would be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He chooses the crew's weakest gazelles. How hard is that? How does the existence of exceptions move against the general rule? It does not. Wow, so people in cultures think outside the norm? How informative to know this. Good work Maher! Again it would be pretty easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work to reject the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that requires a person to fight in any war his country is involved in. Besides, he just isn't so fun here. Some of the clips that are superimposed in "clever" out of context / irreversible ways can create a laugh, but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from Maher will NOT come, much less convincing. He spends most of his time bashing Christians, spouting inaccuracies and interviewing fringe groups, which he does not really allow to answer his questions. <br /> <br /> There are good questions to honestly ask for religious people and many should ask themselves. He touches almost none of these. I get the feeling that I could have responded much better to most of his question marks than the people he interviewed, but the whole set of tire stacks as to what was included and what was edited.
