Some funny bits, but come Bill! A movie? Quote Zeitgeist? Keep the TV show and interviews, but a movie? I'm probably overreactive, but what an unnecessarily provocative movie ... I don't know. I laugh, disagree, agree ... this movie is very confusing and inconsistent. Bill is a funny guy ... but also very funny ... Bill's rhetoric resembles Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and sermon can be annoying. I think the biggest problem in this movie is his lack of sensitivity. This can only be a personal taste, but comedy that constantly dies down someone cannot be taken as truth. Of course, Bill is emotionally responsive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not reasonable, but the answer to it cannot be sensible. This will cause unnecessary unrest. We can do better than just respond to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we don't know," and he's gently trying to convince the viewer that no one knows anything, to the point that agnostic society has been concerned about his lack of serious research into comparative religion. His humility that he only knows he is not doing so is a contradiction when he tries to insist that all religious thought is non-feeling. <br /> <br /> I had a lot of trouble seeing bits of the Zeitgeist, the movie in Bill's movie. All of the astrotheology-influenced non-sense that simplifies all religions as well is simply disappointing. The Zeitgeist has provoked a lot of controversy and has destroyed the validity of so much of the valuable Religion Studies scholarship. It is very sad how wrong facts have been thrown without any reliable scientific sources. Astro-mysterious sources that reduce everything to "the stars say it all" seem to be from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement from a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is far more complex and philosophical academic than defending every single issue like "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to oversimplify and generalize major problems in human history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (it has hilarious interviews and bits), but PLEASE doesn't act like Bill. You can't expect anyone to have a mature conversation if you make sardonic comments in every other line. His argumentative techniques are degrading and insulting, evoking emotional responses rather than rational and logical reasoning. There must be a more mature way of dealing with these issues.
