Like any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to mention a good gangster movie, I would have dozens to choose from. If you asked me to mention a bad gangster movie, it's probably the first to show up in my heart, someone who still has me in a kind of disappointment for a week since I watched the movie for the first, and I promise you , the last time. The movie is "The General" that is not related to the 1926 audio movie of the same name. This is a very dry, very slow walking stereo that does not raise questions about the story (it is more than easy to follow), but why the filmmakers chose to make this a bit thin. <br /> <br /> As "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007)? Two superior mobiles? "The General" is based on real people and true events. The film is about an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson) who started his long chain of crimes that stole food as a teenager and then moves up to steal museums and houses as an adult. Meanwhile, the police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) is desperately and vigorously proving just one of his crimes and judging him (or killing). Maybe because it's a movie in the same category As the marvelous "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two "Godfather" films, I expected too much from "The General." But it may be too easy on it. This would have been a bad movie if I hadn't seen the aforementioned masterpieces before I was flooded with boredom in this oater and the overly stretched running time of screaming bad scenes. Let's start knocking the movie just by looking at the style it is presented to. For some reason, director John Boorman and film photographer Seamus Deasy chose to film this film in black and white, while its style and presentation are clearly the elements of a full color film. Now I have nothing against b / w pictures, not even those made in today's times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was more than ninety percent filmed in black and white and it is a masterpiece. "General", made only five years after "Schindler's List" is not. The cinematography is also too windy with high illumination keys that seem very distracting and give the film a very video-like quality that I found simply annoying. The film authorities, of course, went to a realistic documentary-like style that "Schindler's List" did, but they fail to make it too much like a documentary and at the same time too much like a classic style movie. Performances in the film area from passable to poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave decent enthusiasm for their roles, but at times it seemed to me that even they were so kind to run down the horrible manuscript from which they quoted. The sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it a 40's crime-noir appeal, but it also fails because it is again made too much like a modern image and works far out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing is that there is no "not a" character in the movie for which I felt feelings or opinions. In fact, every moment in each scene was the only thought that went through my head, "okay" so what? "Moments that in a better movie can come across as shocking or horrible, are just boring and time consuming here. I don't sympathize or hate Brendan Gleeson character because the way the Cahill character is written is simply flat and boring. Gleeson just plays the common criminal and doesn't beat the reality that the real Martin Cahill did, of course, if a character is knocked out (as they always are in gangster movies), we feel nothing, no remorse, no relief, no surprise, We just say "so what?" And that was all I did during the whole time of this very flimsy, very badly made crime film.
