John Boorman's 1998 General was hailed as a great comeback, although it is difficult to see why the evidence for the film itself. One of three films put it year on the famous Northern Irish criminal Martin Cahill (along with regular decent criminal and evil circles), it has a wide range of events and style (the movie was shot in color but released ib & w Scope in some areas ), but makes absolutely no impact and goes just forever. With a protagonist threatening witnesses, car bombs cause doctors a hundred people to lose their jobs, trying to buy the sexually abused daughter of a gang to keep out of prison and nails one of his own for a snooker table is still a popular one local legend an attractive enough personality for his wife to not only approve but actually suggest a ménage a trios with her sister, it needs a charismatic central achievement to sell the character and film. It doesn't understand that. Instead, it is lumbered with what may well be Brendan Gleeson's worst and most uninterested performance: he delivers his lines and stands in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest either a local or the inner functions of a complex nature. On the plus side, this does not help to over-glimpse a character that is no more than a selfish gang, but it is unlike a script that seems to be waiting for us to love him and his antics. a smaller section that fetches interests when the IRA whips up a local hate campaign against 'General' and his men, paints them as 'anti-social' drug dealers simply because Cahill does not divide his loot from a robbery with them, but the temporary dissolution is so vague shot - something to do with Cahill gives a balaclava and joins the protesters, whom we are expected to find lovably cheeky - that it is just thrown away. Things are more successful in the last third, as the pressure nuts and his army fall apart, but then it is too late to really care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the beautiful Angeline Ball are doing a great job in providing support roles, but Jon Voy's hammy Garda beat cop seems to be more for American sales than moral balance that overcompensates for Gleeson's comatose non-involvement in what feels like a total misfire. Come back Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
