Don't make me wrong. If you need an insightful summary of everything that has been wrong with the history of human civilization, as well as a flawless path to brighter future for mankind, who can better address than a comedian and practicing pop culture? If you need a healthy dose of the whole fast, the good reasons why religion has survived is useful, then turn to Lord or Dawkins, not BILL MAHER for God's (?) Blame! It is a good point in itself. Maher dismisses our religious past as a neurological disorder, and it is convenient to ignore how his entire society, art and science are rooted in it. <br /> <br /> In this movie, he relies heavily on his keenly-honed skill set of irony and cynicism to make his point while trying to become honest and wise. Unfortunately, his intellect is not up to the task. <br /> <br /> Maher makes us laugh, but is clearly not the brightest bulb in the box. For example, he answers an interviewee (and I use the phrase loosely as they were clearly all "ambushees") claim that the existence of Jesus is historical fact with a deadpan "No, it is not" followed by a long stare that should convey contempt for the subject's naivety (a device that is unsatisfactorily overused in this movie). The problem is that the person was correct and Maher died wrong in his claim that Jesus is mentioned only in what he considers to be the historically suspected gospels. I suppose Mr Maher has never read contemporary historian Josephus. <br /> <br /> But the masses will flock to this pseudo documentary as they do fictional works by other intellectual giants like Michael Moore and they will loudly bend and guffaw (they certainly did by my show). However, it says that the highest and most mule-like braying took place during approx. 70% of the time the film devoted to anti-Christian tirade, while the audience was quite stupid under the token 10% dedicated to criticizing the peace of self-proclaimed peace. Hmmm. Whether criticism of Islam is limit values ​​for the hip and liberal audience, or they were just afraid to laugh. Much tells, anywhere ..
