I recently worked through a collection of Lugosi movies and I have just been blown away a few days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat", I was really looking forward to seeing them cooperation in "The Raven." Unfortunately, it just didn't work for me, and at the end of the movie I was quite disappointed. <br /> <br /> In the first three quarters of this movie or I thought the story lacked any real excitement. Lugosi did a good job of keeping things together as the somewhat angry Dr. Vollins, a kind of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) he treats after a car accident, but who can not have her - partly because she is already involved and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disapprove. To address this situation, he addresses help from Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a horrible ugly man who wants Vollins to make him more acceptable. However, apart from Lugosi's performance, I found little to keep my interest. Then suddenly, over the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film changes completely. Suddenly it gets pretty exciting, but I thought Lugos's performance fell apart, largely because the movie was trying to move him from crazy to crazy - and there is a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well controlled and in control but evil. "Insane" is more out of control evil, and I did not think that Lugosi pulled it well. At one point he offers some maniacal laughter that just comes across as false. Meanwhile, Karloff was a huge disappointment. He never grabbed me. As a side, it must have turned on Lugosi that - in movies where they co-star - Karloff gets the top billing, although in "The Raven" it is clear Lugosi, who is the main actor. This certainly gives a hint of how Universal ranked their two great horror stars - inexplicably, I would add because I've always thought of Lugosi as the best actor for the two. There is no real connection here to Edgar Allen Poe's story "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a Poe fanatic who tries to recreate some of the torture techniques from Poe's stories. Overall, a disappointment. 10.4.
