Former commentator Steve Richmond stated that a walk on the moon is, in his word "not worth your $ 7". I ended up paying a little more than importing what's one of the worst quality DVDs I've ever seen of this movie or movie into existence. Even when you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly coming from an interlaced champion and is just crazy to watch, the movie has no redeeming features (scared Anna's presence) to allow you to see a top-quality Blu-Ray worth the transfer. Not that this is any fault with the other players. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen all score high on the relationship with the Anna Paquin action plan. Far more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill did an equally miserable script anyway. Director Tony Goldwyn's resumption is nothing to scratch, but the resumption of Pamela Gray includes Wes Craven's most dramatic excursions outside of the fright or slash genre, so one could be forgiven for believing that this is the case with poor direction. <br /> <br /> As I have already stated, the only reason I saw this movie is Anna Paquin. In her dramatic debut, she literally performed veterans for the industry with at least twelve years of experience over her under the table. While she is not so far in front of her castmates here, her performance as a girl starting the play as an abrupt and growing into a woman whose world is crashing around her shows that her Oscar was no fluke. For some time I have told friends that she would be the best choice to portray the hero in my second complete novel, and a dialogue of 15 minutes in this movie is another demonstration of why. This woman could literally trade paint off walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber comes close to inducing some sympathy from an audience. Sure his character spends the vast majority of the film neglecting a wife with an existential crisis, but he plays the angry reaction of a man who feels cheated glimpse. I should know, even if it is not the same here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves credit for his portrayal of a traveling seller, but perhaps not to the same extent. In a way he says he is the villain of the play, but he successfully gives the character a third dimension. Yes, his actions, even after it all explodes, are underhanded, but not many men will act differently in his situation. No one wants to be the other man in this kind of troubled situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit to give it a try here. Unfortunately, all the participants in a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage, where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that Mills And Boon archetype of women are the only ones who feel life past, simply do not exist. Either the author Pamela Gray or the director Tony Goldwyn thought they could just put that line into the movie without thinking about how the audience could receive it. Anna even gets to talk to the audience when she asks Diane who she should talk to someone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> Having said that, the movie has a few things besides Anna going after it. Mason Daring's original music, while not sticking out in any way, gives the film some sense of being entered in the depicted time that helps where the other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liev is a great actor, he joins Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her imagination is a big mistake. He is also very correct, as the film film about Lane and Mortensen's scenes skinny-deep or mount each other during a waterfall, loses the focus from being a story of a violation and becoming soft porn. The movie seems to be confused about its history. No matter how many times I revive Liev's scenes, I can't help but feel he's been shortchanged in direction or editing. You don't have to make their leaders very beautiful or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the play would have gone a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits the nail really head when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought her character was where the real story was. Stories of wife feeling neglected and running into the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous, is a dime a dozen to such an extent now that even putting the story parallel to an event like earthquake like the moon landing will not help. Although she feels dissuasive in the way her character story is presented, Anna can just as well walk around with a neon sign over her head and ask the audience if they don't prefer to see it all through the eyes. Although I am far too aware that it is difficult to control exactly what character your audience finds most interesting from your cast, it is much like they didn't bother trying Lane and Schreiber. Fans of these two would be well-informed to look elsewhere. Hopefully now my ramblings about the respective performances will give an idea of ​​where everything went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave a trip on the moon a three out of ten. Anna Paquin makes it a bonus point with one of her best performances (and that says something).
