Written by a woman and directed by someone else. Whoppie. Are we in favor of a feminist trip or whatever. Attach your seat belts, ladies, for we are entering a world of bad men and innocent, well-meaning women. In this sleep, Trish comes across a guy in the recruitment agency who behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) And gives her a job hoping to nail her a little later. In his office, he even touches her chin as a megalomaniac heavy in a Bond movie that will touch a girl right after he has caught her and just before he's ready to kill her with Bond. Some time later, the pimp / hiring guy Trish stinks in a ladies dressing room, harasses her and even comes close to raping her. Oh, those evil, evil men. They're all bad, you don't know. You can't even look for a job today without being raped, real ladies? Well, we show them! In this movie, there is a kind of sign club or something under the direction of a Janet Leigh, who speaks for all women involved in this movie when she says "men are all s ** t". She faces how terrible men are; she's been divorced five times Now seriously: Any woman who gets married twenty times and then uses the statistics as an argument that men are all "bad" must have finally realized that the explanation may be elsewhere or? It must seem to her that: a) she is a poor judge of male character or - much more likely - b) she is the only impossible to live with - her former men were probably the victims, or if they really were a ** hole Then she probably got what she deserved. (Can't ZSA-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor show this point? Show me a cute woman who has married so often, and I'll show you a way to reach the planet Mars with only roller skates and a ladder.) Trish meets for Lastly, a computer guy who restores his faith in men - but keep your horses; This guy turns out to be married and therefore undoubtedly proves that men are actually all "bad". Wasn't it, of course, for a friendly old vegetable seller around the corner who loves his wife even though she is still dead - that all men are "bad" except for friendly old men whose penises do not work and they can "t get no "anyway, so they are forced to give up a life in a holocolism and finally give women the respect they deserve. Even the supporting male characters are all "bad"; the black guy in the recruitment agency is unfriendly and the guy in the mortuary is outside right rude - and insensitive (bastard, * sob * ... * sniffle * ??) And what's with this corny, corny ending? .. Minutes before the court, Trish takes the claim on any of her husband's money and realizes that she is now "free" and that she can finally do what jumps into the pool ... ?? What is it about ?? Her jump in the pot is so - very predictable - frame-threatening when the credits begin to play, while life's inspiring, I don't need revenge or my husband's money, start kicking in. Her girlfriends are shocked at her abandonment of money applications, but they do not remain shocked for too long and soon start to fool each other about what a heart attack Trish's lawyer gets when he hears about this. The shyster lawyer is of course a man. An evil, evil, horrible "bad" man whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these men; all they care about is money; They know nothing about the higher values ​​of life - like shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; They bring the sexes closer together, but most importantly, the girls and young women learn that men are all horned, selfish, skirting bastards who will dump you into a world of poverty and misery, the first chance they get. So, girls, open your mouth and hold your tongue in your boyfriend's mouth. Lesbian Power!
