Seeing as the world's snooker championship finally finished in a premature and disappointing way with Ronnie O`Sullivan defeating Greame Dott with 18 frames to 8 BBC 2 found a hole in their schedule and then decided to broadcast A WALK ON THE MOON a movie I had absolutely no knowledge of it. I missed a few seconds of the title credits, so I had no idea that Viggo Mortensen was in it and thought it might be a cheap TVM, certainly the opening with mawkish Pearl and Marty took their kids to a summer camp has kind of made it television feeling, although the heavily illuminated (too brightly lit) cabinet seemed to suggest that it was a movie film, and it was not until the advent of Viggo Mortensen as a hippy guy Walker that I realized this was a cinema release, despite some of Mortensen's stature would not star in a television set, I think it is like a legend like Robert DeNiro that appears in a straight two video movie. Wait a minute, didn't Bob ...? <br /> <br /> Some people on this site have mentioned that Pearl and Marty are an unconvincing couple on the screen and I agree. I can understand why Pearl would be attracted to the exciting hippy guy, but have no idea why Walker would be attracted to ordinary house wife Pearl. The 60's were before my time, but surely, if you have the choice of hippy chicks and bored housewife, it's not really a choice at all. Remember, many people took LSD these days, so I guess that explains it. I feel the big problem with a walk on the moon coming down to the fact that it is a romantic drama on the heart that you expect in a TVM) with more cloying age scenes so why include a pretty explicit sex scene? It jars with the rest of the movie and may have been turned off for menopausal women who were 20 in 1969. I might say because the movie also seems to be targeting a teeenage market with the upcoming age scenes, and these teens are likely to be bored with the historical and social context that goes on the moon and Woodstock. In other words, a WALK ON THE MOON is trying to attract many types of audience, but will probably not appeal to any of them
