Recently, I had the opportunity to see a workload in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) Of this title. It's hard for me to be a lover of art as I am, to report the following, but the truth sometimes hurts, and frankly after sitting through this tripe (I use the slang definition here - worthless statements or writing) in a an hour and a half, I feel obliged to share (WARN) interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not so bad, a few laughs and decent development, but then it's downhill from there. This is the story of a woman in the mid-thirties that (as the author wants you to believe) is dissatisfied with her life and unfulfilled. The first big problem arises if you do not know the fact that goes into the movie, you will not know when it suddenly risks it all, in my opinion a very undamaged and unlikely fling with a local seller. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) to justify her actions for the affair she has, and when that happens, one feels like I did that she has only a low moral character. The word "end" comes to mind, hopefully they will pass it through the review and write the comment. This, in my opinion, is the film's first fatal error. If you are married or have ever been in love, whether you are a man or a woman, it will extinguish you. Frankly, I think it would have made a much better "blue film" - that is the level in my opinion that the manuscript deserves. The other fatal mistake is the molding, Diane Lane worked right here for me, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only saving grace for the whole movie is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a fine actress shines in places, conveys a subtle but much blunt (I apologize for dichotomy but it is precisely) depicting a growing teen. Well done, well done. I'm not going to give the ending away, but I was disappointed to be billed as a piece of life. Romance is one thing ... but one end that way .... Well, if it bothered you enough to see this picture, don't say I didn't warn you, but you look better - if this celluloid is released , I doubt it will be four weeks before it bursts into flames. I would say wait for the video, but the free sex training bands on most video rental stores have more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced this, you think he would learn after Ishtar. This film once bore the title "Blouse Man" and should have been left on the rack. If you never want to go on a movie, give it this 35-40 minutes, it is only Anna Paquin if you can forget the fact that you will find yourself driving or not taking the garbage out before going home, which is probably where you should have stayed in the first place if you are out in the cinema to watch this one. It's my two cents for what it's worth.
