... because 99 out of 100 times the producers have lied through their teeth (or someone else's) to make you rent or buy their * mercifully censored *. <br /> <br /> Once again, the Shock-O-Rama Cinema proves truth with the release of "Feeding the Masses", a possibly well-meaning but utterly eerie and gloomy entry into the Zomer Mountains. People, this is not just low-budget filmmaking, it's very low-budget filmmaking by a bunch of people who - I regret, I know they have families who love them - will never be in Variety in any significant way. This is a baaaaaaaaaad mooin 'pitcher, people, and not just because it's cheap. The action is mediocre, but I do not blame the actors; they had no direction. They had no direction, because the manuscript was a half-baked zombie fantasy without a sense of true film-historical tale. Characterization is at best, no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction. Did I mention that the manuscript and the direction are quite lame? They are. There is no drama, no tension, no great characters moments, nothing. The whole prerequisite for the government's suppression of the media is wasted on sophomoric "commercial breaks" and a uramatic story that tolerates rational analysis and scary shambles at its ridiculous conclusion. South Fields would not be satisfied. How could the government suppress the truth of a virulent zombie epidemic when the reality of it was evident everywhere? Why would they give it more than a brief trial? Today and in the age of wireless camera access cameras, what could they possibly hope to achieve for more than a day or so at best? Now, if they cover something like their own fault .... but "Feeding the Masses" never explores such opportunities. Instead, it is on the absurd and poorly staged events to dig for grin and / or meaning. Asking the audience will not notice the closest overall lack of output beyond basic film making equipment. Did anyone in this movie get paid? I hope the actors did it if they were wasted only on career blind alleys like this; At least techies got to rack up some legitimate work experience. <br /> <br /> Even zombie fans will find little to gain from "Feeding the Masses." Gore is remarkably pretty much to no budgetary of its rank and there are no distinctive or memorable effects. They are all largely forgettable. KNB has nothing to fear. <br /> <br /> Even unwanted as Aussie stillbirth "Undead" was miles before "Feeding the Masses." Sorry, guys, back to the drawing boards and take your misleading marketing with you.
