First, a little summary. This reporter named Torch basically tries to get out of the story of a zombie outbreak and finds the military and government censor him. Nice message, government censorship and all that, but the way they did the movie was, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This movie is beyond description. The idea that someone holds it to a greater extent than anything by George Romero is enough reason for the notifier to be committed to a mental institution. The manuscript is terrible alone as it was written by a sixth degree. As for special effects, I understand that independent films have low budgets and some gore effects so acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, it is a tip: buy some non-combustible material, take one off, and take one fire on! Do not digitally add it and make it look like an explosion from a Nintendo 64 game. The play well let's put it this way. In my summer theater program, a cold reading of the manuscript is compared to this The Godfather. I don't even want to go into the inconsistencies. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What disturbed me the most was, however, when everything was finished after recording and editing, someone could have said, "Okay, it looks good. Let's get it off." It sends a chill down my spine to even think about it, believing that someone felt this was good enough for DVD publishing. This is not DVD quality. This is not Sci-Fi channel quality. Hell, it's not even movie school quality. If you were to submit this to a project at a film school, you would get a F. No, not even an F, more like an F. I wouldn't be surprised if he would try to get you expelled. <br /> <br /> I felt used after I saw this thing. Blockbuster and the creators of this movie have my money right now and I prefer not to think about what they are doing with it. I have been the farmer in some elaborate, frightening schemes of legalized theft and it does not feel good to think that I went straight into it and looked at the back cover with cozy memories of 28 days later to find a movie Ed Wood wanted to see and say afterwards, "I was very worried about this." This movie is the only most horrible movie I've seen. I haven't seen Ed Wood, but I trust this is worse. If you are looking for serious cinema, as much as being within ten meters, it will probably give you a bad headache. If not, I still recommend that you personally write the director and ask how he sleeps at night. But if you are the kind of person who gets a laugh at really bad things then I recommend you check this out. You will not be disappointed.
