As you may have gathered from the title, I wholeheartedly believe that this movie is the worst zombie movie all the time. The acting, camera work, writing, special effects and everything else remotely related to this movie sucked. People have argued that while this movie is terribly acted and terribly produced, but it comes through with a witty intelligent script. Wow. The reason has more holes than I or anyone else could count. To begin with, why would the government tell everyone to go back to work when it is not safe? I know that the regime should be hurt, but they do not get anything by killing the whole population of the country. There would be no one to control! Another thing I was thinking about, even though the government said everyone should go to work, why would people go if the streets were buzzing with zombies? Were the zombies hidden in the bushes and ambushed the unsuspecting people to help the government in their plot to kill everyone on the planet? And what about the end? The stupid torch guy sacrifices his life to get a few close-ups of the zombies. He has probably forgotten that every camera made in the last 35 years has a zoom function. And another thing, why does he say Hindenburg before he dies. Hindenburg was a rare event seen by very few people. Zombie threat will be seen by everyone in the country, possibly in the world. He doesn't think others will get a few snapshots? They also managed to destroy the only semi-interesting scene in the movie when the soldier sees the exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before they attacked the girl? Especially when the zombie could have come through the door. It is probably just something that an unintelligent zombie filmmaker who would not understand myself. Every day, I pray that God will increase my brain capacity long enough to find out all the subtle nuances of feeding the masses. Anywho, I find it interesting that this is the first movie that gave me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey Trent Haaga, I'll call you out!
