I couldn't believe this horrible movie was actually made. With the worst actors you could find the worst script written (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst waste of time in viewing. I don't want to tell the story as it really isn't worth it. But I want to elaborate on some of the performances and certainly the story. With regard to history, it is very hard to believe that this bitty crazy scheming could actually do what she did. That in fact, the wife could not defend herself from a little bit of a thing. That the man could actually find the nut's case attractive at all. That the defense lawyer could break any court rule was there and continued to do so after the judge had ordered blankety blank to quit. And the final result of the film is an insult to justice, movie codes and the nature of the male. The theme of this mess is let women do what they want, kill who they want, defend the killer and get away with it while the guy throws in the prison the innocent victim. It's hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, would even make this dribble. <br /> <br /> As for the actor: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is horrible. A loony toons, who does the needle point during her attempted murder (is it allowed in court?) She bored me to the hilt. Yet another look at her who beats her eyes and indicates how innocent she was and I would vomit. She is not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. The man, played on a level by Vincent Spano, just seems to look and act stupid most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance that he fell into the traps set for him by all the women surrounding him. The worst by far was Holland Taylor as a defense lawyer. She acted everywhere in the film and did justice. If she wanted to cross examine me anytime, I would have told her to take a hike. Everyone else in this shabby movie did their job as referring to it. <br /> <br /> I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. But we have to start with 1. Too bad. Let's not have more painful watching movies like this. Lifetime can do better, so I know it. <br /> <br /> This is a postscript: Make the mistake of turning this spooky movie by mistake. As soon as I saw the bimbo Jordan Ladd, I knew I had seen it before and didn't like it or her. Not only did I knock out, but had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell, who wrote the manuscript, but also directed this horrible flick. No one sees that her / his message is that illness pays. Being sick and walking around killing people is okay with this instructor / author. Completely do men's idiots. Well, this man tells you to go to something that is painful. We are not so stupid and will speak to your so-called movie, which in this person's mind deserves to be waste. <br /> <br /> Again, this loser is shown. Why???? Can't read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? Are we constantly exposed to seeing bimbo Jordan Ladd again and again? Get her off TV, movies and out of sight. She is just awful in every sense of the word. Pyha !!!!
