I happened upon this rain on a rainy Sunday that intends to tune into something else. Out of curiosity, I accessed the comments here and found myself seeing it to the end. I really didn't do that with intention - it was one of those movies where you are "fascinated" and see it in "a few minutes" until you finally just look at the end. And the accusation of it in most of these remarks made it more fascinating to see. The one comment that the person really liked it seems to be solely as a result of suffering Ladd and Spano, and their previous roles. But great is not everywhere to find anywhere - history, performances, and especially the absurd courtroom hi-jinks. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr passed 300 pounds.), And Ben Matlock gets a little leeway in cavorting around the courtroom, rather than being boringly limited to a speaker. And Matlock especially gets the privilege of going out to exhibitions often just by going to the jury and showing them before the judge and prosecutor themselves have been informed or shown to them. No real judge or prosecutor would stand for it. <br /> <br /> Both Perry and Ben almost always completed the case by twisting a statement of the real killer. In fact, Perry almost always did, but often Matlock would simply present overwhelming evidence of the true sinner, pronounce the "reasonable doubt" and then leave it to the police and prosecutors to continue against the guilty party - sometimes on camera, sometimes assumed in the end of the show. <br /> <br /> But it said that Holland Taylor's histrionics and the amount of leeway gave her in the courtroom part of this story, making Matlock / Mason's actions more similar to the slow, often boring details as seen on Court TV and in the courtroom in reality. Each character in this presentation was either incomplete, unsympathetic, unpleasant, boring, unlikely - or a combination of two or more of them. <br /> <br /> The conclusion was the most banal, absurd, even stupid conclusion possible - but again fascinating because of this. Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals, and t.v. movie seems to be their best forte - probably the best in 2nd leader (probably better if "3.-") roles, even in this place. Taylor could be thrown as an aunt or mother to one of them. Give this a 1 star to the story / performances, and 3 extra to the fascination factor.
