So Angela is an adult and has been treated and an operation to make her a real daughter, rather than the son she was born, and now she has a job - wait for it - a camp counselor! How appropriate, right? I know I love it. Nevertheless, the first sequel to the Sleepaway Camp franchise complies with all the horror rules - more blood, more imaginative killings (which are not imaginative but still more than the original), more nudity, a more elaborate plot, and generally worse than the original. <br /> <br /> It's entertaining as the original was, as the characters and wardrobes are so stupid and so authentic 80 that you can't help getting a good laugh. At one point, a guy asks Angela and she says "I'll call you" and go away so quickly. The guy says to himself: "How is she going to call me? I have no phone!" and then he sniffs the armpits and wonders what struck her (it's the hair, the guy!). It is a well-known fact that in the 1980s, murderous teens were more often than not punished by their murderers for some kind of bad behavior, usually for being too promiscuous. When I first got into horror movies and then Friday the 13th movie for the first time in the mid 90s, I didn't realize it. I learned it in a movie class a year or two later and was amazed that their was a method of madness. I was pretty impressed not only that the movies passed on some kind of message, albeit a morbid, but actually there was something to think about. <br /> <br /> But not in this movie! At one point just before Angela kills one of her victims, she says, "Let it be a lesson to you. Say no to drugs!" Real subtle screen writing there, guys. Then again, the dialogue is the most entertaining thing in the movie. Angela (who, incidentally, went through all the therapy and operations and all that has trouble clearing her past and reinventing herself as a normal and well-developed person and then changed her name from Angela to, umm, Angela) says in a time: "I don't like being the evil witch in the west, but I know what happens when things go out of control." (People start to be killed ... by me! HA!) Then later she calls for one of the counselors, Mare, to make an apology, as the girl replies, "I'd rather die!" Sorry, Mare, but you really went into one ... Two years ago I was a camp advisor in a sleeping camp similar to the one depicted in this movie (except the camp I was teaching had more than three children the 15 or 20 advisors and it also had rules like the one in the movie not). This made me aware of the countless inconsistencies in the movie from which the camp life really is. <br /> <br /> It's okay, but you can hardly make a movie like this with a lot of 9-year-olds running, although there were some 10 or 11-year-olds killed in this movie. I hadn't seen such things much before. <br /> <br /> Absolutely bad taste, even for a cheesy 80's slasher movie.
