This is an immoral and reprehensible piece of waste that will undoubtedly be a Friday, 13th (1980) clone. The poster for this movie makes it look like there will be some kind of cross between Jason and Freddy, who are likely to attract movie gangs. There is nothing good or entertaining about this movie about this movie. It just makes me sad, just thinking that some people will stumble upon Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD, and waste their time with this sad, cynical, depressing movie. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp adviser at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes that the other campers are as cozy as they are and that they stay out of trouble. Meanwhile, the other campers are aware that people are disappearing one by one, with Angela apologizing that she should send them home. Could Angela be the killer, who was once a man who underwent a sex change operation years earlier? Who knows? Who cares? The 1980s were home to a lot of movies that made the cross between Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager genres where a crazy killer goes crazy. Some have a plot, some do not, but they act just as bad as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers are 80 minutes of teens introduced and then stabbed, smothered, impaled, chopped, burned alive and mutilated. That's all this movie is. It's just thoughtless bloody violence. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie, I was reminded of Friday the 13th movie where the message to its viewers was that the teen's primary function should be hacked to death. The filmmakers in Sleepaway Camp II all have the right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the sick message that this movie offers to teenagers: "The world is a totally evil place", this movie tells you, "and it will kill you. No matter what your dreams or hopes are, it doesn't matter if You have a new boyfriend or girlfriend, no matter what you think, what you do or what your plans for the future are, you can forget about these plans because you just have to die. "<br /> <br /> And the worst thing is - and by not giving too much away - the movie simply creates space for a successor. Well why not? They have probably and already taken the shovel to the cesspool by making three or four of these films. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983) and, after seeing its first successor, I hope to stay away from the other followers as well as the original. And for parents, if you know children who actually look like this movie, don't let them dance your kids.
