The original Trancers are by no means a great movie. It had massive plot holes and very little in the way of internal logic. However, it was entertaining, better done than most low-budget B movies and could be surprisingly witty. Unfortunately, Trancers II is not one of these. Trancers II suffers from many of the same problems in most flop successors. The reason is thin enough to look through and the writing is incomplete. It seems that the people behind this movie felt bringing back the familiar faces of the first movie would be enough and not bothering with anything else. Not even veteran B-class actors like Tim Thomerson and Jeffery Combs were able to pull this movie out of the muck. <br /> <br /> A brief overview: Jack Deth (Thomerson) is a future policeman sent to 1985 to save the ancestors of his government. Trancers II takes place six years after the events of the first Trancers. Jack Deth is married to Lena (Helen Hunt), the woman he met in the first movie, and both live with Hap Ashby, the man Deth was sent to the past to protect. It has been discovered that Whistler's brother (the bad guy from the first movie) has returned in time to create an army of Trancers, people turned into thoughtless killing zombies to kill Ashby. Complicating Jack's mission is the fact that his first wife, who had died long before Jack traveled to the past, was also sent back to stop Whistler's brother, and now Jack finds himself with her. <br /> <br /> I have two real issues with this movie. One is that the method of creating Trancers in this movie is radically different from the methods used in the first film. What makes it annoying is that in a rather bad example of Soviet revisionism, they act as if it were always the technique. The other thing that annoys me is that the love triangle between Deth, Lena and Alice Stilwell (Jack's first wife) gets very little screen time. This bothered me especially because it was much more interesting than the movie itself. It felt like it was just something that was thrown in to fill the film. Alice's character in particular seems very worried that she is only united with her husband to find that he is married again, making her either very low or very poorly written. <br /> <br /> The only reason to think about watching this movie is if you are interested in seeing the entire Trancers series (currently a total of six movies). Otherwise, even if you are a fan of the original Trancers, stay away from this light sequel.
