Its Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receive some violent threats from her troubled and violent man. When she leaves her twin children in bed, she goes out for the night for a final shopping bonus at the local mall. Its busy and finding a parking lot is almost impossible, Della takes a shot at a driver who parks in two rooms, leaving them a note that says so much. She returns to her car after visiting the shops, and she is confronted with some yobs, the Yup car owners, she has noticed, they are very angry and want to have fun with her, a friendly security guard steps in to help her, but things get out of hand and the guard is shot, Della flies with the now murderous yob's persecution, they shoot at her, she loses control of her car and crashes, quickly grabs the toolbox from the trunk, she hides in an abandoned building site, but will soon be caught just before attempting to rape and kill her, from her magic toolbox she produces a wrench that sows their leader "Chuckie", she manages to escape again in the nearby forests, in the fracase becomes one of The gang killed, it just happens to be the black guy Here night gets worse for everyone involved as a deadly game with cats and mice follows. A similar plot line to Eden Lake drew me to this, but this is where the comparisons end. This is a brainless and stupid movie that is shocking the script and terribly acted upon by everyone involved. It's Disney-esquire twin kids are horrible to look at, but it's Lukas Haas as Chuckie who has to take the plaudits in the bad actress, even though he gets a run for his money from the just awful man. As a movie, its plot line is completely telegraphed throughout. Even in the early set-up, Della's mobile phone goes dead, and in the shops her credit card has been canceled by her hubby and she has no money and Christmas Eve, now where could they go with this I wonder? The only surprising part of this $ hit is when, after killing all the clever bad guys with the contents of his magic toolbox, she requires Chuckie to f @ ck her if my jaw wasn't already on the floor of this movie horrible thing would definitely have fallen and smashed on the floor. Although the end is ruined, all the feminist neighbors who want their pounds of meat will be very disappointed. I didn't think I could be further disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this drink
