So that's what actress Kim Basinger's after? Mmm ?? To tell the truth the movie's title is something quite eye-catching to get your interest and plot outline read so fundamentally, but simplicity can have its strengths. In any case, at the end of 'While she was out', I was left to feel indifferent. Not worse (despite being negative), but there is a better way in what is a causally lukewarm but compact and unbalanced survival fable of a weak suburban housewife stranded in the forest and trying to fight for her life after she has seen the death of a rental a policeman who came to her as she provoked a nasty prey with some punks in a shopping car. The problem here falls on the erroneously erratic and predictable material (taken from a short story), along with the very variable notions. The spiked script was poorly thought out (which is not so good when your plot has a small structure to hang out), so many miserable inclusions and dubious actions just continue to find their way into this infinite chain of events. As for the pile of stereotypical goons (led by a convincing Lukas Hass as a loose cannon) who terrorized Basinger, they were less than threatening, but hopelessly clueless. Seeing Basinger scrounging around in the tack wilderness with a red toolbox in her hand (don't ask me why?) The knock of these wannabe punks one by one became ridiculous because it did not cause tension or emotion ?? But instead of lumps, which were absurd, daft because of the stupidity of the lead. Basinger's performance is uneven, but does not create much empathy. Craig Sheffer turns out to be his head man. Oddly I couldn't keep my eyes off the screen ?? thinking to myself that the red toolbox is hypnotic (why should she constantly wear it) and which tool was she to use to send the next bitch? her choice was quite disappointing. Looking at the transformation through the traumatic situation when things finally turn around is pretty empty because of the uncertain tone, and the end is something you could see miles ahead. <br /> <br /> Susan Montford's nugget smooth direction lacks cohesion and energy as it rather chugs along. I liked the opening credits though with its hauntingly sullen score (which is the most efficient thing in the whole feature) and polished photography. <br /> <br /> No good shakes. Do not ask much of your time, but I would not like to see it again. But with the inclusion of a Joy Division song, it made me grab a couple of their albums for a listen.
