Although I can't deny that his films are often entertaining, I've always personally felt that Martin Scorsese is just a little overwhelmed in his abilities. His use of flashy stylistics in a large number of his films seems to scream. "Look at me, am I not an imaginative director?". His best movie I've seen is the one with the least added blooms, the superlative "Raging Bull". <br /> <br /> For this remake it seems that it was business as normal. The tedious film stores to convey an attitude of the 1950s were as bland as being a distraction in themselves. The melodramatic close-ups combined with the sub-parimitation of the classic "Psycho" score are more likely to provoke flattery laughter than a sense of atmospheric terror. The score for "Psycho" was excellently unnerving, this "homage" sounds just scary and annoying. Even the cast, which can be decent at times, delivers histrionic beliefs that just scream 'caricature'; The remarkable exception to this is the intelligent turning of Lewis as the safe teenage daughter of the Bowden family. <br /> <br /> The worst-performing offender here is surprisingly De Niro. Sure, he looks appropriately threatening, but as soon as he opens his mouth, the aura just runs away. Now I am no expert on American accents, I originally come from near Manchester in England as an "all but surely he could have got a more convincing southern drawl than that? To be the gifted physical actor he is, he almost overcomes this fatal Mistakes, but not completely, It was disturbing to me, as a De Niro fan, that he wished he was out of the screen, rather than rapping on his performance. <br /> <br /> (POSSIBLE SPOILERS.) top style of the whole movie extends to the ridiculously overblown finale.When will Scorsese learn that underplaying the situation can sometimes build excitement as effectively as giving the viewer a visual and sonic bombardment? I also thought he was too respected a reputation To resort to the "killer-not-dead-yet" cheap trick that less talented individuals could employ, all in all, a thoroughly ridiculous "thriller." Scorsese and De Niro have done much better work together.
