I really don't want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear with the classic 1962 Cape Fear movie, but I can't help it. I'm not just a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck who have played Cape Fear, but when Scorsese contains scenes straight out of the previous movie (Cady takes the keys off the ignition, the dog dies) and even uses Bernard Herrmann's score throughout The whole movie doesn't give me many opportunities to compare, as I can't help thinking of the classic Cape Fear almost all scenes. When comparing Scorsese's version of Cape Fear to the classic version, the remake is destroyed by the classic; But even when you take the film by itself, it's still bad. Now scorsese and scriptwriter Wesley Strick not only reminded the 1962 Cape Fear scene of the scene, they were trying to do things differently. Unfortunately, it is one of the movie's problems. Gone is the original insane and animal-like Max Cady who is out for personal revenge, Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic to "save" Sam Bowden and who is in contact with his feminine side (his words, not mine) . Also away are stand-up and strong Sam Bowden seen in the classic Cape Fear movie, the Sam found in the 1991 remake is very foggy, Magoo, distrust and very unlikely. Even Mrs. Bowden is a very different character - she is brighter than Max Cady's! The same story has also changed around - Sam didn't testify about Cady in court to put him in jail as in the classic version. Sam is now Cady's lawyer, whom Cady suspects of not doing everything he could to keep him out of jail and is out to "save" him. <br /> <br /> The overall story has changed and I don't mind too much, but the overall script is also weak all around. Other subplots have been thrown into the mix, which is not only derived from the larger picture, they are also only poorly written. The film also features a couple of honestly absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can't take at least seriously. These aspects depart from the dangerous and exciting nature that the film is supposed to have, but they also have some help in this section. <br /> <br /> Now, the classic version of Cape Fear was extraordinarily filmed with brilliant lighting and a highly effective suggestive subtlety combined with a barefaced brutality that provided excitement when the movie called it and a sense of danger throughout its entirety . However, Scorsese can't do anything here in his Cape Fear, giving the movie a cookie cutter in the early 1990s, no sense of danger, no exciting scenes and little style (unless you count animating fire and skyline style). Yes, there is some cruel violence and a lot of effort has been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends up empty and all the shock but not awe. <br /> <br /> If not, the play is not good either. Robert De Niro (somehow nominated for an Oscar for his performance) starts in order as Max Cady, but he gradually gets worse until he starts to get other than laugh instead of scaring at the end of the movie. The opposite thing happens to Jessica Lange and her performance by Mrs Bowden, who goes from overactive to most of the movie to provide a compelling screen of fear and desperation towards the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also reeled in the nomination of an Oscar) is decent enough in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is encouraged to play a really stupid character, and it's hard to really like what we see on the screen from her. <br /> <br /> This movie often seems to be one of the few good remakes and I can't figure out why. I wanted to like it; I really did - I mean, if there is going to be a remake of Cape Fear, I also like it too - but I just couldn't. With nothing to be amazing alone and being crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I found Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear to be a very bad movie. The best thing about the movie is Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles - go figure.
