I think we all start with many reviews, "This could have made a great movie." A demented ex-con jumped well, a tidy suburban family goal. Revenge, retribution, manipulation. Marty's usual laying on karosirup. But unfortunately, somewhere in the universe's high-rise, a memorandum came down: everyone hams it. <br /> <br /> Nolte only speaks with eyebrows upright, Lange bends his way through cigarettes, Lewis "Ohmagod's!" her way though her scenes, and Bobby D ... Well, he's on a completely different magic rug. Affecting a kind of Cajun / Huckleberry Hound accent hybrid, he chomps fat cigars and tiles with random atrocities like "Problem Child". And I want you to imagine the above mentioned accent. Now imagine spitting brain-beating religious rhetoric in the top volume, which he swallowed six Bibles, and you have De Niro's schtick here. Most distracting of all, however, is his most general use of "De Niro face", he is so keen on. Eyes ruffles, forehead crinkled, lips curled. Crimany, Bob, you looked like Plastic Man. The story apparently began off-screen 14 years earlier when Nolte could not save the Niro time in bighouse for various assaults. After release, he feels Nolte's failure over him and then guarantees the terrorism for him and his family. And we had to give De Niro's character an easy pass because Nolte withheld information that could have shortened his sentence. De Niro is one of those criminals who, despite being guilty of indelible actions, feel that his lack of freedom justifies continuing such acts from the outside. Mmm-kay. He goes after Notle's closest mistress (in one scene some may turn away), his wife, his daughter, the family dog, you know. Which is one of the shortcomings of Wesley Strick's manuscript: complete predictability. Since each of De Nisi's harassment becomes more cruel, you can almost call the rest of the action before it happens. Strick is not completely discredited when he manages a couple of compelling dialogue-driven moments (De Niro and Lewis' seedy exchange in an empty theater is the best scene of the movie), but for the most part, it's all over-cranked. Scorsese's cartoon-like photographic approach comes out as forced, not to mention the terrible obsolete restored Bernard Hermann score (I waited for Wolfman to experience a genetically enlarged tarantula). Thus, we arrive at the comical part of the girl. Accidentally, it is. You know the scenes where something graphic horrific happens, but you can't help but sneak out of others? You do this. Nolte and Lange squawking about adultery, De Niro thumbs up, he crosses dressing and a kitchen glue on a particular substance to be seen as believed. And Bob's infernal, incessant, constant, damaging, endless, blowhard ramblings of all the "philosophies" he died in prison. I wanted him killed to shut him more than to save this annoying family. I always hate to borrow thoughts from other reviewers, but here it is necessary. This is really * Scorsese's version of Freddy Krueger. The way De Niro relishes, speaks, stems, resists pain right down to his one-liners, is vintage Freddy. By being scalded by a pan of tossed water: "You are trying to offer sumpin 'hot?" Please. And that's just an example. Unless you were a fan of the original 1962 flick and want a thrill without seeing Balsam, Peck and Mitchum nearly 30 years later (or want a serious chess movie experience), avoid a trip to the Cape.
