First of all, really, Kim Basinger? Your rich banker makes you alone in your beautiful, probably paid cash to the home, and you can't even put on a decent shirt? I am a woman, and yes, I'm going to come straight out saying it - clean something that starts with your hair. And while you know, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your kids some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the crowded shopping mall, park your car 3 miles away and cry for the entire walk and just buy wrapping paper. The next time you decide to leave an unpleasant note, do not sign your name. I refuse to be sad Della. Of course, because of the fact that Kim Basinger is this masterpiece's executive producer, she will be bad for the poor white blonde woman. We'll get it. Alec Baldwin is a smoker, but seriously you must not model horrible movies after your own life. You are also in your 50s. You certainly wouldn't have 8 year old twins. AND THEIR NAME? Terry and Tammy. Way to let your children grow up with a decent chance to respect themselves. It is also quite amazing to hear the characters in the film constantly calling her beautiful or referring to her as a "girl" ... of course, Mrs Basinger had something to say about what goes on in the script. It is also quite amazing how none of the criminals can fight back. Apparently, Dell's magic ninja skills are impossible to beat. Her driving skills are also quite nifty. This movie is so cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They spelled your name incorrectly on the tea cup. Or your husband put a hole in the wall, but all you can think of is to buy nail polish when you're at the mall instead of maybe some plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school with bought the teddy you looked at. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take out the BRIGHT shooter while running through the woods and screams and breaks everything in her path proves my point - this woman is a moron. Who thinks to grab the toolbox out of the car, but not their purse, full of identifying artifacts like your ADDRESS. I never wanted the "evil" to succeed as much as I saw this movie. And did anyone else catch the "African American" shirt, the black guy was sporting? Oh yes, flush your eyes on perhaps the most racist stereotypical prop in a movie yet. Don't waste and the hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, do what Della couldn't figure out how to do ... take care of your kids and maybe brush your hair. However, the strong ballad at the end was pretty impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain, while your bloody arm sticks oh so close to your wrapping paper is as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
