For rights, there should never have been a "First Blood Part II". The original "First Blood" script, John Rambo had committed suicide at the end of the movie, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but because test groups found the original ending to depressing. Nonetheless, someone obviously thought the character was too good to waste because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties plus the recently released fourth installment. <br /> <br /> The official title of this movie was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is more commonly known as "Rambo". It begins with the title figure in the prison, where he presumably displays the crimes he committed in "First Blood", even though it is never made too explicit. He has been removed from prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo will return to Vietnam to investigate reports that US POWs are still being held captive by the Communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to try to save prisoners or to engage the enemy; He just has to be a fact. <br /> <br /> What Rambo is unaware of is that he is being set up, not by Trautman, who is portrayed as brave, honest and indestructible, but by the organizer of the mission, a military bureaucrat at name Murdock. Murdock intends that the mission will prove that there are no US prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it will improve the relationship between the US and Vietnamese governments, partly because it will make its own life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only Americans are still being imprisoned, they are also kept in hell. Of course, he is too much of a hero to leave them to their destiny and try to save them. The rest of the movie is more or less a long struggle between Rambo and a few allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil communists and their Russian allies. Of course, most of the evil municipalities are final, although I was surprised to learn from your "trivia" department that the total death toll was as low as 67. At times, it seemed as if Rambo was trying to wipe out the entire Vietnamese army. <br /> <br /> The tone of this movie is very different from the first. In "First Blood", Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, although his responsibility for his crimes was diminished by severe provocation and by his mental instability. In "Rambo" he is a bona fide American hero. A few years earlier, the director, George Pan Cosmatos, made "The Cassandra Crossing", a biased piece of left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing if it was not versatile, and "Rambo" proves he could also turn his hand to pre-right-wing pro-American propaganda. The only thing the two films have in common is that both are ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> "First blood" had its faults, but it also had its virtues. Its attitude that the anti-war movement was partly due to the problems faced by Vietnam veterinarians by adapting to civilian life was a controversial, but at least the film tried to comment on war, social attitudes to war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the other hand, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are well done to please those who like that kind of thing. It is essentially a kind of jingoist revenge fantasy for the Americans who were still hurt by the Vietnam War. Rambo re-fights the war single-handed, and this time the right side wins. Take it, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, the film's admirers are undoubtedly (and there seems to be plenty - more than 2,000 voters have already given it ten stars) will have concluded that I am a liberal commie-loving pinko. Far from it - in fact, I have always despised Communism as a harmful ideology. What I do not like about the movie is not its policy, but the lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is to go into all the guns that burn and to try to kill so many as possible. It makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. For all his anti-communism, the film is the kind of moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the Communists were very good at throwing themselves away - except that they attributed all the world's problems to capitalism, imperialism or revisionism, or anything else they had accepted. Compared to "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a masterful piece of political analysis. 3.10
