The ghost of the Vietnam War has haunted the American psyche for thirty years now. If not because of the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers walked MIA in Vietnam or the way in which those returning were dealt with, as it was the first war that America could be said to have lost. Many men came home from the war a shadow of their previous self, and the original first blood managed to give a little insight into their problems as they tried to rotate back into the world as it says. The first blood part II, on the other hand, is slightly more than a fist powder, which goes to illustrate how wounds America can be, both in victory and in defeat. Stallone puts in another sluggish performance as the titular Special Forces command, while Richard Crenna tries to quit the serious actor. Where everything ends is in the script, which did nothing better when it was called Missing In Action and star Chuck Norris. Which little look of logic was in the original is now gone, as the filmmakers decide to paint a large S on Rambo's massive chest. The movie fetches a little after the end of First Blood. The film, that is, the novel did not allow the possibility of successors. In this mediocre follow-up, Rambo has been working on what seems to be a kind of open air mine. When he breaks rocks and works up with sweat, a prison guard pulls him away to go and talk to Colonel Trautman who advises him that his government is willing to offer him an early release if he goes on a hidden mission. Rambo, never one to return from a hard day's violent work, accepts and is immediately shipped to a hidden base in what seems to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forget which one). From there, he is required to find a camp where American MIAs are allegedly held and photographed. His mission clearly states that he should not make any attempt to secure their release. Rambo is Rambo, but has other ideas despite their possible political consequences. Of course, things go awry when it turns out that the people who start Rambo's work are more interested in making sure no American MIAs exist. It is the ancient conspiracy theory and makes no excuses to exploit the situation of many of an American family left without a son during the ten years of the official Vietnam war. Of course, those with Jingoism inherent in American society in the 1980s could not help work in a plot tangent to the Vietnamese army in bed with what appears to be a single battalion of Russians. Together, the two antagonists try to extract what information they can from Rambo, but it encounters them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets, and destruction. About the only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from a pale limestone and declares invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and well-choreographed action spectacle. Hand-to-hand combat with the great Russian commander is one of the few games in the movie that has any dramatic excitement at all. The rest is simply a case of the main actor and the director is building a fantasy for the Americans to pump their fist to. Fortunately, this dish of America died on everyone's action movie soon, as more introspective and intelligent war films such as Platoon began making the rounds. Some of the kills shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets that many an action movie villain would envy. The Russian commander bites it in a way that is as spectacular as it is ridiculous. Only in the 1980s would action movies see a law used inside a helicopter. Well, there have been action movie cliches rooted in contradictions in reality, but never this ridiculous before. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II one in ten. It's so bad, it's ridiculous, and so ridiculous that it's often fun. You don't even have to have served in the military to know how stupid some of the action sequences are. The only risk it requires is to try to make a stupid political statement with what is a heartbreaking topic for those directly involved. Hold the tongue firmly in the cheek and it may be visible.
