While the original first blood had its long-haired moments, it was at least exciting in parts. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the emphasis is very different on cartoon action. Accountability is completely rejected logical nose-diver; Stallone becomes so impenetrable that he can no doubt succeed in his mission. Like any other desire follow-up at that time (eg, Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II cancels its own potential for true excitement by presenting an altogether harmless to fear. If you can tell from the word that Rambo will exterminate hundreds of enemy soldiers, what is left to be thrilled with? <br /> <br /> Following the events of the first movie, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone), an apology is offered if he wants to participate in a hidden operation in the Far East. The year is 1985, and a mission is arranged to find out if there are American poWs still trapped in Vietnam's jungle. Rambo is encouraged to take on the job of his former mentor Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the task is actually brain-torn in a government apparel in front of Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's work is simply to lead to a prison camp in the jungle and check if it contains any American poWs ?? if it does not, he must rendezvous with a helicopter; If it does, he must get photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be rescued at a later date. Helping him in his quest is a lady soldier with local knowledge, the beautiful and resourceful Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Surely enough, Rambo discovers that there are poWs in the camp, but he exceeds his orders by saving one of them? When he reaches the rendezvous point, the rescue corner leaves him on Murdock's orders, which apparently will not find any poWs due to the political and military consequences. Rambo is trapped by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive flight he sets out to free the PoWs and avenge himself on the treacherous Murdock. <br /> <br /> The few good points in the movie come from Jack Cardiff's polished photography, Jerry Goldsmith's exciting score, and the stunt team's sheer professionalism in performing various action antics. In addition to these scarce picks, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced to macho positioning, the plot rings fake, the action sequences are fun and suspicious, the dialogue is absurd? Even the violence becomes numbingly predictable. At the time of its release, America was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man of simplified and almost hysterical anti-Communist feelings. For this reason, contemporary audiences brought this Commie-bashing shooting celebration as if it were the best movie of all-time, transforming it into an undeserved box office success. Fortunately, times have changed ?? Today we can look at it as a simple mind action with a ridiculously high body count, ridiculously silly politics and a ridiculous hero.
