An aggressive over-the-top action adventure seemed to FIRST BLOOD PART II to capture the mood of the United States at the time of its release in the mid-80s, with right-wing reaganism and virulent anti-red emotions still unfinished, even though The emergence of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the evil empire of Moscow would soon make these types of films superfluous, even Reagan himself eventually admitted this truism. In that sense, we can be grateful to Gorby, not to his disarmament treaties with the United States or his policy of 'glasnost' or even his support for democracy being restored to the Eastern European countries of the former Soviet Union backyard. No, it's the final diminution of stupid, jingoistic, inflated cold war experiences like this. The first RAMBO movie was hardly perfect, though at least it was a mildly literate and appropriate action thriller with a not so bad story. In this sequel, every sense of even the farthest conviction is immediately jettisoned for stupid, sensual ace plotting and event, where Rambo individually performs scores of brainless stereotypical Vietnamese and Russian troops to save US POWs ten years after the conflict ended with the Americans on the losing page. Perhaps the reason why the movie was a huge box office success was to let many Americans awaken in imagination, they may have lost the war, but there were still unfinished business at hand, and ridiculous cartoon heroics with a robot-like hero killing almost all red in sight , with as much hardware as possible, such whimsically unprecedented ideals met. <br /> <br /> This could have been entertaining at the SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is just played. But it is not to say that there is no humor in the film, unfortunately it is virtually all the unintentional kinds. The action scenes, although technically adequate, never carry the least part of conviction or conviction because they are always placed in the most spectacular We are incredible connections, namely our hero Rambo is always unharmed (except for a few cuts and bruises) here and there despite tons of explosives, grenades, shots, etc. near him. <br /> <br /> In between the chaos, which is a script, consists of the stupid clichés and banalities. Stallone, who wrote with the script with James Cameron (far from the exciting TERMINATOR that was made in the previous year), seems to have deliberately given Rambo character as little to understand in English and just comes out with moronic grunts, almost as if he has invented his own brand of patois, which is only understandable to himself. Perhaps his colleague Cameron was thinking of Terminator again with so little communication involved for lead character! In this sense, Rambo seems even less of a human than Terminator did! The rest of the players do a little better with good actors such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna, who do their most admirable with the hackneyed dialogue they get, and Steven Berkoff once again hammer it back with another of his Russian KGB / Red Army scrubbers. Berkoff's overlay is mildly comfortable but not extremely threatening. How did Sly manage to survive Berkoff's electric shock tower to kill even more of these Red Commie scumbags? Well, credibility is never the strong point of this movie. It is a fantasy subject that can be compared to OVERS WIZARD. At least it was supposed to be a fantasy, and an immortal classic turned out to be. This is just a classic of the most stupid and actually offensive, kind. And for Zly's climatic speech ... rather hypocritical after slaughtering all these people, eh? By the way, in the same year he also made ROCKY IV .......... <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10.
