A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. The principle seems simple enough: Yentl, a girl who is interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to study, so after her father's death, she decides to treat herself as a boy to enter. She makes and becomes close friends with Avigdor, who will marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass's family teaches Avigdor's brother committed suicide and the wedding is being abolished. Yentl, who now calls himself Anschel, is then chosen to marry Hadass. She does, but it is never finished. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor walk away for a few days and Yentl / Anschel reveals her secret to him. The movie ends with Avigdor returning to (and getting married) Hadass and Yentl go to America to continue their studies, though she will have to continue doing so in disguise. <br /> <br /> The plot above seems to be interesting first for a movie over 2 hours long, but there are several things that destroy it. Initially, there is the constant SINGING. (I can already hear the critics shouting.) Yes, I know this is a musical, so there must be many songs and dance figures. But the movie could have been improved if instructed and played without them. The songs become dull after a while, and there is not as much dance as you would expect. Many of the songs are forgettable, with no real memorable lyrics, and with some meaning they could easily have been replaced by a voice-over. Only one song stands out from the rest, "Papa you can hear me". It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed, so Streisand could simply have a reason to reveal her vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. Chances are, anyone who wants to watch this movie already knows what a great singer and actress she is, so the songs really aren't needed. <br /> <br /> Other, Streisand's makeup, which can be seen in her scenes as a man (lipstick, increased lashes and traces of blush are all obvious) makes it hard for the public to believe in Yentl / Anschel character that she In fact, she is serious and fools her new friends, colleagues and even Hadass into thinking she is a man. But we are asked and expected to believe it very much. There seems to be a contradiction that her character lecture or rather sings about how she doesn't think she can pull it off, but is surprised that everyone seems to be fooled because she's wearing men's clothing. This means that we are then expected to believe that the other characters are so naive that they cannot see the other differences as her actions are clear giveaways. The facial differences alone cannot be included, as other characters in the film mention that some of their male relatives or friends did not have a beard or other facial hair. Yet in the 1900s, if a woman dressed as a man but had as much makeup as Streisand's character and tried to pass herself as a man solely because she wore men's clothing, it would have been considered unacceptable and caused a scandal. . Chances are she will probably be forced to leave the city or even the country. Therefore, the "feminine" makeup on Streisand does not borrow the credibility of the sign and only weakens the plot. If only used to make Streisand look more beautiful, it should have been scrapped. <br/> <br /> Third, when Yentl / Anschel himself reveals who she really is at the end, we are then asked to believe that the other characters are not as clever as Streisand and only when they learn The "truth" they become a little wiser. Now it is becoming increasingly clear that the whole plot has so far come to the conclusion that it is nothing more than a custom-made vehicle for Streisand to fuel. Finally, there are those who are fans of Streisand who find no fault with this movie, its plot or the songs. To them I must disrespectfully disagree. While having excellent vocal and acting abilities, I'm not a "fan" of her style with song. However, I have enjoyed many of her other features, including musicals. There are even some songs of her that I like so I'm not a "hate" or set out to bash her. I've written this review from an honest perspective, from someone who has tried their best to see this movie - several times even - and has noticed the issues inside. If Streisand was interested in creating a large or even credible film, she could have done this by not injecting her need to show herself and prove how talented, beautiful and clever she is at almost every turn. This film does nothing more than hurt her skills, so she seems self-absorbed, making the movie a laughter party not worthy of her fans or audience.
