I remember when this piece of trash came out, and all the newspapers were about how it had taken Barbra Streisand years to get the film made. Now it couldn't have taken so many years; The game was first opened in 1975, eight years earlier. It made a Broadway star from the great actress Tovah Feldshuh, who probably should have been thrown into the movie, but not so well ... the big STAR BARBRA did it. And with music no less! This movie is a total disaster from start to finish. For one thing, Barbra was EXCELLENT YEARS OLD when she did, and she looked every minute of it. There was no way to swallow her like a young girl who longed to study the Torah. And then when she dresses up as a boy, it becomes campy. I get the impression that Streisand couldn't bear to be uninteresting, so she played with the makeup; she is more beautiful than a boy than she is like a girl. And as if it's not bad, she gets involved with both her schoolmate Avigdor (Mandy Patinkin, whose best moment is shot by his naked rear end) AND his fiancee (Amy Irving, who makes her usual sleepwalker routine, a bit of Schtick's poor Woman always turns on when the instructor ignores her and she doesn't know what she's doing. Yentl even goes as far as marrying the girl; I don't even want to bother to mention the scene "wedding night". <br /> <br /> There is the music. Nine completely forgettable songs that all sang from Streisand via voice-over (presumably as a glimpse into her mind), and each one as intrusive and annoying as nails on a blackboard. <br /> <br /> I don't want to say that Streisand doesn't show a glimpse of promise as director here; some of the pictures are lovely (Patinkin's back especially) and she has a good eye for balance. The problem with this movie is that she doesn't come out of her own way. I didn't believe her for a second in the title role; She should never have added the songs, and in addition, the whole mess continues for two hours and fifteen minutes. I was sad the whole enchanting mess after 45 minutes. Horrible, terrible, terrible.
