I just can't see how a Concorde-New Horizon movie directed by Jim Wynorski and with Andrew Stevens acting and a puppet could be bad. It's just boggles the mind, doesn't it? <br /> <br /> Well, let's not make a mistake about it. "Munchie Strikes Back" is actually a bad movie. Munchie is a doll that has been around for many centuries. For reasons not fully explained until the end of the film, he is sent to Earth to help a single mother and her son. Mom's problem (at least her main problem) is that she has a balloon payment due to her mortgage for two weeks ... to the not so tiny $ 20,000 tune. Ouch. She can't come up with the money because she was just fired. OK ... JUST is the keyword in that sentence. What...? Was she scheduled to pay it with a single paycheck? Perhaps it would have been a good idea to have spent the last few years saving on it ... do you think? <br /> <br /> Munchie has magical powers similar to those a genius would have ... but there is no limit to the number of wishes you can make! Munchie gets the boy a bunch of fancy stuff for one night, but then the child asks that it be sent back to the munchie mallet was "borrowing" it from. The annoying furball also uses its other world skills to help the boy win a baseball game by cheating. A baseball is hit so hard that it orbits the ground several times. Unfortunately, the stupid parents who watch the game do not seem strange. Hmm. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I would like to unpack this because this has already drained enough away from my life force as it is. You are really moved by the scene where Leslie-Anne Down plays her mother kicking a dog yapping on her. Your heart melts at her charm as she discovers dollar bills flattening on her farm and she wonderes how it can be twisted in the summer. "Munchie Strikes Back's credits promised another movie to follow right, I think," Munchie Hangs Ten ". So far, the movie viewing public has been robbed of what would probably have been a movie tour de force. Heh. 1.10
