The BBC's Michael Williams somehow finds an impressive Italian image blended into the material of his ongoing mission entitled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since his wife's mysterious death, daughter Emily, has been emotionally disturbed, he goes Spoleto, where the problematic picture is with her and nanny Jill. And there is a Countess who is also psychic, and she informs him that the image was somehow made at night, as a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael doesn't believe in his story, but after that, Emily has hysterical spasm and Jill gets killed ... Of course, this Italian movie is almost innocently influenced by the EXORCIST, but this is much cheaper, much simpler and in a sense, much dirtier. First of all, it should be said that this movie is full of confusion. For example, the story shows Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But when Emily sees her in feedback, she sees her only from a third person's point of view. But if she is Emilia reincarnation, she must and must see the past exclusively from Emilia's point of view. Confusions of this kind, which the film has many, are almost entirely based on a problematic fact that the film is too fake, rather than ambivalent, to indicate its own quasi-freudian theme, namely pre-adolescent girl's one-way incestuous desire. To make matters worse, this film also has characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is too naive and helpless to be realistic and / or credible living man. As for Emily (or Emilia), she is a child, and it can be said that it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naivety and helplessness. (And according to the freudian theory, every girl will have her father's child in his own way. In this sense, Emily is not purely pathological, but only its way of excluding other women from his father's love is problematic pathologically. The film itself is too fake to be freudian.) The problem is that adult characters are as childish and naive and helpless as Emily is. And because of this characteristic weakness, even the psychic, who can see almost anything, cannot do anything down to earth, and because of the same weakness, the film's much history is completed in a bad escapist way. In addition, special effects of this movie are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (it's really good to have it alone), the movie as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-movie that can disappoint even the 1970s Italian horror movie lovers.
