An MTV-style camera made up of American television program producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), comes his comrade wife, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer's called Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) At some nice looking island somewhere, it's actually not revealed where. The crew is planning to shoot an exposure to 'blood surfing', which apparently is the last craze in extreme sports. Surfers throw bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks just to see if they can surf without being eaten. Once there they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect place leads them to Lilo-Cay's haunted waters. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in their boat. Shortly after arriving and already shooting some "bloodsurfing" pictures Sonny, Melba and Lemmya, everyone is killed by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile, some saying "own" the island. The boat is submerged. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem to be stuck on the island until a rescue party comes. But after a race in with some, erm well, I don't really know what they are. Pirates? Traffickers? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who just don't like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly who cares? Not me, that's for sure. In any case, they are picked up from the coast of the island by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girl Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif) after deleting themselves from these guys who look like pirates. The movie staff believes they have been rescued. Little do they know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks go far back, and he has a point to settle down, and four members of a movie staff will not stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with the giant male crocodile. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox this is a horrible movie, but it is still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie sucks. The manuscript by Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy is terrible, extremely slow as the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before the 30 minute mark and at that time I became seriously bored and annoyed with the frighteningly uneven characters like Bernard and Levy. The whole movie is also frustratingly predictable, within the first 10 minutes anyone who is familiar with horror movie stereotypes and stock characters can guess who dies and who will survive. The crocodile effects are horrible and seem to be repeated over and over again, there is a small puppet head, which of course has some arm attached to what controls the movements as the water jets become huge! The CGI shots on the crocodile are simply embarrassing to see. There are no gore except when a character is bitten in half, which is achieved by using CGI to digitally remove the actor's legs, again it seems terrible. There is also a short scene when a person is imprinted on wooden spikes when they put a trap away. There is a fair amount of nudity and sex, plus the female actresses are cozy and easy on the eye. There are also basic continuity and logical errors in the movie. In a sequence, Cecily plays the movie Bog and Jeremy 'Blood Surfing', but from the angle and distance she is on, it would be physically impossible to get recordings of both sharks and surfers at the same time, and surely that is the whole point of her shot ? When Dirks manages to have a harpoon, the crocodile sees the angle of the thread dramatically between shots, in a shot, the angle of the line looks as if it comes from the sky in the shot just after the angle is completely different, and it looks as if the line comes from below. below the surface of the water when the harpoon is actually attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost flat with the surface. I could go on, just like why the crocodile runs out of the edge of a rock if it's as smart as this movie is trying to make? But I would probably exceed the 1000 limit if I enumerated everything that was wrong with this movie, so I won't. I hated this movie, but rather scarily it's still not as bad as Tobe Hooper's efforts on a giant crocodile movie. Absolutely one to avoid.
