Well after three times, I still have no idea what this movie is about because frankly, it failed to generate any real interest or concern. But here it goes: A bunch too old to be a teenager Teen Actors dressed in horrific late 1980s fashion (we also looked like that) decide it would be a great idea to get into a motor boat and go to the abandoned Alcatraz after that one of them has nightmares that people are being slaughtered in different horrible ways that are capable of tearing off POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL DEAD and Freddy Kreuger in a fall. The dimwit itself imagines being burned over an open fire with some deformed freak slices of sirloin ribbons. Good thing, it was just a dream, or it could have hurt, and good things his dreams had a decent special effects budget. Mine is usually pretty lame: Girls, model ships, blowing things with a bazooka, etc. At Alcatraz Island, they find themselves in a Slasher movie and meet Tony Basil who can't help breaking into a couple of dance moves to times and had its own lighting crew member (complete with a smoker for the 1980s smoky haze infused light look, which I kind of miss). And so reminded me that Mrs Basil helped choreograph David Byrne from Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film, but kept in mind, as the film was very little to actually think about. It happens and you can either watch or continue working on your page mark with it on the side of the TV. But since the movie is not really interesting, you will continue to finish one last thing instead of wasting time, the movie will end, and you will find yourself wondering what you missed each time you realize that the final credit starts rolling again. , dammit ... * SUMMER * 1980's Teen Horror movie can survive such specialized viewing: Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & it's Killbots, it's hard to ignore CREEPS night and over -The best SLEEPAWAY CAMP will all think on. They are movies that, like them or not, require your attention and usually pay with something good doing or T&A and styles in your work as proof that you saw the television instead of the keyboard. I am sure that HELL ISLAND (as the British version I glanced at is the title) actually has some good things in there, but honestly I don't care. And nothing is more annoying that encounters the art of any genre that does not inspire admiration, any decent dislike, or even good old honest hatred for it. The movie is happy to swallow away 80-odd minutes and never really do anything more than to be a sometimes distraction despite my best efforts to try and give it a try, but no dice. <br /> <br /> There is some creepy production design going on, the use of lighting is striking at times, and occasional outbursts of chaos are likely to hold fans of the 1980's Teen Horror interested. The rest of you are warned though: YOU WILL BE ABOUT IF YOU HAVE CLOTHED AS IT IN 1987, and the answer is probably more fierce than anything on the screen. Try to see it as a free rental if possible, so if you are disappointed, you are not stuck in the horrible thing: Movies like this take up valuable shelf space that is often on a commodity these days, what the world comes to and end & all ...
