Wow. Rarely have I felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one especially begs for a beatdown. Let's start at the beginning. First, author director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the tired old sacrifice role, complete with the offending man and boring suburbs. Let it be said right now that almost all content in this boring movie is completely hackneyed and trite. Montford's pathetic attempt at symbolism involving the Christmas tree without star is ridiculous. When she goes out for some Christmas market paper a dark and eerie night, Della is furious that someone double parked their car on busiest shopping night of the year. She decides to do something about it so she leaves an unpleasant note on the car's windshield. The next fifteen minutes of the film is dedicated to Della to walk around aimlessly in the mall. When she finally arrives at her car, the gay men confront her about the note, a policeman is killed, and she runs, and they get her and she's gone, and they chase her a little more and more and again and again. Everything is completely predictable and uninvolving. Thugs are not intimidating or threatening at all, and everyone is picked by one by one in all the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of the movies where all actions depend on the characters are as stupid as you can imagine. Why the bad do not just kill her instead of waiting for them to hit them with a tire iron is beyond me. And once, only once, in a movie like this, must the leader of the package die last? What does it mean that they are all picked out one by one when they are all just as inappropriate? Much of the film simply consists of Lukas Haas, who runs around in the forest, who screams "Della !!!" And the inclusion of Joy Division on the soundtrack of this miserable movie is insulting. The part that really made me run to my computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and hurt, cries to heaven, "Where are you, God?" Where was there really God when this movie was made? I only give it 2 because of competent film and lighting, and it's not as bad as 'BTK Killer', the ultimate marker to judge any horrible movie. Bowl!
