A really very bad movie with very few good moments or qualities. It starts with pregnant Linda Blair running down one time to escape what might be monsters or people with pitchforks, I'm not sure. She jumps through a window and wakes up and we see she is very pregnant. The degree to which she is pregnant varies greatly throughout the film. <br /> <br /> She and an annoying and possibly retarded little boy, whom I thought were her son, are traveling to an abandoned hotel on an island. Italian horror directors find the most annoying little boys to put in their movie! On the island there is already David Hasselhoff and his German-speaking virgin flute (you know how the Germans are said to love Hasselhoff ...). He takes pictures and she translates an esoteric German book on witches, I think. <br /> <br /> Traveling to the island is an older couple who bought it, and a real estate agent and a woman I thought were their daughter. Apparently she was an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the older couple's children. I suppose they all traveled to the island together, but it really seemed as if Linda and the boy were separated from the rest of them (maybe they were filmed separately). The hotel looks nice, certainly from the outside, but it's not used to any great effect. An old woman in poor makeup and a black cape apparently holds for the boy and chants something in German at times, as he eventually captures on his Sesame Street recorder. People begin to be killed, either in their dreams, or sucked in hell or something. Some of these nice scenes are ok but not enough to recommend the movie. Although the copy I saw is scary on the cover of the box, the death of a sign whose blood vessels explode seems to have been cut. Much of the scene shows another character's reaction shot, as we don't see anything ourselves. The fateful scene is one in which a man or a demon with a really messy look of a mouth raps someone. He looked particularly ugly. There is a ridiculously and painfully bad scene in which Linda Blair holds. I wish if a horror movie were to throw her, they would do something original with her role and let her leave the Exorcist behind her (except for the annual horror conventions). In the weird, largely Italian tradition of claiming to be a successor to something not related, it is also AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. It is apparently a successor to Casa 3 - Ghosthouse, La (1988 ) - this is not a better movie than this one). La Casa 1 and 2 were The Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - again independent of the Witchery and La Casa 3 (and much better than them). There is also a Casa 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which appears to be a successor to the false La Casa series and the series House: House (1986) House II: The Second Story (1987), The Horror Show ( 1989) AKA House III and House IV (1992). How does the Horror Show fit in there? It does not really claim that it is a successor and thus requires the real serial entry to renumber itself to cause less (or more) confusion. Strangely, the Horror Show is also AKA Horror House, and La Casa 5 is also AKA Horror House 2. Does your head still hurt?
