Let us put aside political correctness and just look at this with regard to the many sex comedies that came out in the 1980s because I don't think this is better or worse than the others. Unless your some religious kok or an upright woman you can probably see a silly movie like this without getting everyone working up the content and I personally had a completely innocent feeling about this before and after seeing it. History is set in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny as hell and begins to spy on the attractive girl who has just started working for her father . <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly with Philly, but things are warmed up when his father leaves town on business and she starts to flirt with him to the point where she invites him into her bedroom to see her robe. Philly is awkward and does not know how to react first but soon he goes for it and has sex, but for his horror, Nicole seems to have died of a heart attack! With the help of shabby driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they have apparently buried their body, but a note from a chanting warehouse turns out, and Philly has to get $ 10,000 out of his father's security. Philly is shocked when Nicole pops up, and he learns that the whole thing was a dismissal plan created by Lester and that she only joined it because she was an illegal stranger and if she didn't do what she was told. Lester had called the immigration agency. Together they try to get their father's money back before returning home, and they use Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), a tennis instructor, but pretend to be a policeman to scare Lester. <br /> <br /> This little comedy was made for less than $ 3 million, but it totaled over $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely movies of that time to be so successful, which Ask me to wonder why this was a hit and not any of the others in the genre. Director Alan Myerson boasts that he made a hit movie, but the truth is that he never really had a career in film, even though he continued to be very successful on television. So ... why was it so successful? I have a thought that it might just be because of Kristel, and before you decide to be crazy, listen to my thinking. Kristel was an international star because of her soft core film, so the reason alone made many free-thinking adults curious to see her in an American film that was widely used. Thus, the same adults will also be nostalgic about their own youth and the imagination of being taught ways to be loved by an attractive elderly woman who brings the much younger audience members who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the movie. It is, nevertheless, my mindset and if anyone has a different reason, I would love to hear it, but back to the movie itself, it is clear (and very sadly) that a movie like this would probably never be done again (except in Europe) because of the religious right and the other prudish freaks who just can't figure out the fact that a teenage boy is playing will not hurt him. In fact, it is a valuable service that all sons pray will happen to them! The movie itself is lumpy, and Kristel's body double is too clear in certain scenes, especially if you carefully notice the difference in their nipples. The story (although exciting in its basic form) is neither much fun nor revealing, so it was left behind and the naked scenes really are the norm for the genre.
