It turned out as expected: Visual overload, but nothing else was added to the original. What surprised me, however, was that the story was relatively drastically changed compared to the 1968 girl. In the beginning, it aroused my interest, but it was ultimately surprised that the new terms (a) were apparently invented to introduce us to a typical Hollywood-like product and (b) made the whole story unlikely! The 1968 story was incredibly straightforward and contained no timing or false of that kind: it just said that when you come home after a long journey, it may have changed a little. Earth may have fallen into the hands of the apes. Like many 'old' movies, the main ingredient is excitement (hell, does anyone understand the word these days?). In this Burton movie, an attempt has been made to make the whole thing an action movie, but at what cost? Surely, the pictures are overwhelming, and much time and money is put into the design of a complete monkey culture (even monkey music!), But what's wrong? First, the suspension of disbelief is made very hard because the monkeys have many Hollywood human traits. I refer in particular to Ari and the slave trader. These features include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and a blatantly exhibited selection of 'subtle' emotions. It makes you forget that the monkeys are monkeys, which is important. Secondly, humans speak. Of course, we can imagine that humans will never forget how to speak, but the fact that the monkeys were speaking and humans did not make the monkey / human role change very tangible and stressful in the 1968 edition. The wound in the throat, which Charlton Heston comes to, is crucial to his survival, and his later reclaimed speech is crucial to his uniqueness and the interest that Dr. Zira has in him (so there is no need for things like human rights activists or monkey-human love to explain things). <br /> <br /> Third, they talk ads a lot about the implausibility, but are a necessary twist in the new movie when Capt. Davidson to Play Hollywood- Let's Save the World-and-Have-a-Good-end-for-all-and-still-make-it-to-the-lounge-bar-for-a-cool-diet-cook Grade . Oh my god, will they never learn? I'm new from the start, as there was only one guy who was lost! They needed a hero! And then the writers go on reasoning: We need a guy ... so why should a guy be lost ... because he's trying to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... impossible! But it is necessary because it shows the audience that he respects monkeys! Since in these modern and politically correct times we can't have a xenophobic monkey hate like Charlton Heston's 68 characters on the screen: Let's give them a bubbly version! Fourth okay, the general twist of the original 'discover the truth' from the 1968 movie to the modern version (he finds out that his own mother ship crashed on the ground for the elderly ago and that their labs developed their community where Heston Simply discovered it somehow the monkeys took over the land while he was away) is well done. The other battle part comes as an anti-climax. This is because this movie has added the first two Planet Of The Apes movies in one plot. Good try, but it chill you feel when Davidson and you discover he's lost on the planet forever washes out because of the uninteresting battle part. <br/> <br /> Fifth: The End !!! For chrissakes, who came up with it? (a) Davidson crashes TWICE with its escape pod, which seems an unstable object, while the chimpanzee manages to simply gracefully land? Come on, who does it think? If the pods are very small space crafts (Davidson simply flies into space at the end) and not just escapes vessels, could he have managed a safe landing at least once no? And what about it ends ???? I mean, in the original movie, it was clear that everything was happening on the ground. But here: the whole movie is on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a Thade statue) monkey culture is on the ground ??? Why? Did the apes on the distant planet work technologically, flew in time storm and colonized land before Davidson's mission departed? Why is Thade worshiped? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even cute and beautiful as a monkey, but I didn't expect anything less. I preferred her monkey over Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I got some loose wire in my head. Nevertheless, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Aris' household paw (former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, many things could and should have been added / modified to the 1968 picture, but not plotted, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and needed no further explanation. It was pretty heavy in cheek and caricature. Don't stylize everything ...
