This movie played a completely forgotten 1930s star, Jack Pearl (the radio's "Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante. But 7-1 / 2 decades later it is billed as a Three Stooges movie because they are the only ones in the movie that the average person would recognize today. Movie fanatics will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver as well as Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> With regard to Stooges, this is a movie from there very early days - before MGM had an idea of ​​what to do with teams. By this time, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" when Healy was by the way. Fortunately for Stooges, they soon left this unpleasant and rather infinite man (read up on him - you have to see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year, the very successful shorts made for Columbia, and managers at MGM quickly kicked to lose the team. This kind of thing was a regular event at MGM, a big study that had no idea what to do with comedy (like Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they went to Columbia, MGM put them in a host of odd film roles - including performing with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And strangely in this movie they didn't work like a team - they just did different supporting roles that Larry plays the piano! <br /> <br /> This particular movie begins with Pearl and Durante lost in African jungle. When they are rescued and brought home, all the feelings of the structure of the film fall apart, and the film becomes almost like an exhibition show - depicted by scenes with the wires here and there. As for Pearl, I could really see why he has never made a successful transition to film as he has the personality of a slug (but a little less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw in him - as far as his film was concerned - he was tall and ... loud! He has apparently taken days off from helping MGM to destroy Buster Keaton's career in making this film. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on oral humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines that tend to fall quite flat. <br /> <br /> In this movie, Stoogesne had not yet the right chemistry. Seeing Healy doing the work that Moe did in their later films is weird. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they came in and out of the camera too fast to really get into their routines. Stooges fans may be very frustrated at this, though the hard-pressed fans may want to see this so they can complete their lifelong goal of seeing everything Stooge - even the red Joe DeRita and Joe Besser movies (oh and did they get bad The death of Shemps and Krolls. In general, the film is rather boring and disappointing. However, there are a few interesting things to look for in the mess. In about 13 minutes of field you will see a short scene where a tour guide on a bus sings. Look carefully as this is Walter Brennan in a role you would definitely never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the movie is the "Clean as a Whistle" song, which starts about 22 minutes in the movie. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called "Pre-Code" scene that would never have been allowed in movies after 1934 (when the production code was strengthened). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, it is a very titular number with naked women showing lots of meat - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! It is quite shocking when seen today, although such profits were quite common in the early 1930s. Finally, 63-minute mark Jimmy Durante is seen in a few decades. Watch the movie you want to see I mean!
