"Well Chuck Jones is dead, let land his signs by adding cheap explosions, an American-drawn anime knocking style and giving them superpowers." "But Lord?" aren't we all ready to get more shows in the works that are already here? much less, don't dump the whole of their original creator's dreams. "" Yes! "and they show make us a lot of money and we need more!". "But will not all men women and children who grew up with this time less signs become annoyed?" "Hello you are right! Set it in the future, make them all descendants of the original characters, and change all the names a little ... but not too much even though we still have to be able to milk the classics' success". That's the only reason I can think of why this even exists. If you look past our beloved Looney Toon's horrible disgust, it looks like an OK show. But then there are already the teen titans, which are the same bloody stuff. All the characters are dressed as batman, they drive around in a kind of ship fighting super villains, they have superpowers. Only difference is that they speak like the Looney tunes and have similar names and characteristics. <br /> <br /> This kind of thing falls into "it's so ridiculous, it's good" kind of category. Think of Super Mario's brother's movie, and Batman and Robin. If you want to laugh for all the wrong reasons, check this out. If you are of the younger generation (what this thing is actually meant for) and can see pass the greedy leaders shamelessly, then run with it and enjoy. <br /> <br /> If you enjoy this cartoon, I don't have a problem with you, it's the people who have calculated this together that I'm angry. You know how they say piracy is like stealing a car; This show is as grossly robbing. They could as well dig up all the people involved in the original cartoon, pushing them on a screen, dressing them up in ????????????????????? ????????????????? If this show didn't use characters (those who didn't look like Looney Toons in anything at all) who have already made the millions, then that would be fine. But no! For shame Warner brothers, for shame. <br /> <br /> If I saw this thing as a 30 second gag on an episode of the Simpsons or Family Guy, I'd love it. As it is, I just can't believe it was ever done. I bet someone 80% of the people working on this show hate it. But what it really doesn't matter about, for 10 years, this show has been forgotten while the originals will continue forever? or at least until the world ends. "Coming 2008, Snoopy and Peanut tires are back, and now they have freaking lasers and can become invisible! Can Charley Brown defeat the evil alien warlord Zapar? Set and see. "
