Loony Tunes has been waiting (at least) twice in the future. The first time was with the brilliant fun "Duck Dodgers". The last time was with this ?? um ?? effort. "Loonatics Unleashed" is not without profit and can be considered a good product if it is not that it is up to Warner Brothers quality. WB cartoons are known for their naughty humor, appealing at least as much to adults as children. However, these pedestrian superhero episodes cannot fail to convince adults to pass them on. The starting point of the series is that 6 regular individuals (2 bunnies, a Tasmanian devil, a duck, a roadrunner, and a coyote) live on the Acmetropolis "city level" and acquire superpowers when a meteor strikes the planet in 2772. What is confusing is that the title section contains these persons with a count of 2772 from the 21st century. Sweet but savage stupid. <br /> <br /> In each episode, the Super Sequence ?? amidst mildly fun, but essentially banal treasurer ?? Fight different super villains. For the most part these types occur in all mediocre superhero adventures and even some of the better ones. Like many mediocre superhero series, this villain takes far too seriously for the connection. And of course, these guys are the only characters who laugh ?? the usual evil laughs, of course. Why is it that villains in predictable superhero experiences always? ALWAYS ?? laugh evilly at any opportunity? Animated material of this kind seems to leave laughter exclusively in the province of villains and (occasionally) their hands and / or hands. <br /> <br /> In fact, the decision makers in this series missed their best games from get-go. The characters' superpowers are sometimes based on their formerly normal abilities, but sometimes not. The problem here is that we can't see enough WB looniness. Lexi and Ace have fairly common biologically generated energy weapons and have virtually no personality traits that could be termed "Bugs-like". What we have here is basically the stupid and dreary "Teen Titans", including its overly "modern" animation "look" but with animals. Feh. <br /> <br /> The other bug in the program creators is (or is) the bad guys. As mentioned before, these are not terribly imaginative and make the evil laugh too much. Amazingly, the authors completely lost the obvious technique of making crooks from stock WB characters as well as the main characters. Adding to the fun could have been, says Jupiter Sam ?? as well as The Fudd, still hunting wabbits ?? as well as Tech E. Coyote transformed into a truly neurotic villain ?? etc. Oh, the sadness of missed opportunities ??. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this entire production has gone too much overtime (ie a second season). Nevertheless, we are pleased that there is something new out there for the 14 to 9 crowds. The rest of us can hope for a third season of Duck Dodgers.
