I had high expectations for this movie (the title, translated, is "How to get rid of the others"). After all, the concept is great: a near future, where the ruling elite has the consequence of the right government's constant verbal and legislative persecution of so-called freeloaders and the left in general and decided to just kill everyone who cannot prove that they contribute with something for the establishment (the company is called "the common good", but actually means the interests of the ruling capitalist ideology). <br /> <br /> Very cute idea! Ideal for biting satire! Only, this movie blows its chance. The satire only comes out in a few scenes and notions of absurdity, but this satire is not persistent; It is neither sharp nor witty. And for an alleged comedy, the movie has almost no fun scenes. The comedy I suppose to be in the absurdity of the situations, but the situations are largely unpleasant and overwhelming, rather than inducing either laughter or thought. The script is alive with grave errors in disposition. The action should have focused on the political aspects and how wrong it would be to do such a thing, but instead use time sources for a young woman who was the one who wrote the new laws for fun and who is trying to save everyone by Organize a resistance that shifts people to Africa. All this is next to that point! A movie like this should not pretend to be so serious! It's a satire! A political statement. But it does not even begin to address the problem it is about to address. Maybe it was afraid to go too far? How wrong. It's not art. It's not even real satire. <br /> <br /> Søren Pilmark, a very serious and now one of Denmark's absolute senior players, was very good. He had pretty much the small entertainment value the movie had. Everyone else: nothing special (well, maybe except for Lene Poulsen, who provided compelling performance). In fact, a problem with most Danish films is that the language never sounds natural. Neither the wording nor the delivery. Why is it so hard to make it sound right? Why should it be so stolen and artificial? I hope when people look at these movies fifty years ago, they do not think this was how people talked in the general Danish society. <br /> <br /> 3 out of 10.
