If you have to look after a child, make sure they do not live anywhere near a cemetery. Especially if the child has a habit of drawing gory pictures and disappears during the night among the tombstones to see her friends. But our long-haired heroine, unaware of all the characters, sheds with the Nortons family, which includes a strict father and a dullard elder brother who becomes a love for our budding babysitter. Even more creepy than the zombie band outside is the tendency of the cast to speak even when their lips do not move and that the words do not match the movement of their mouth. But enough of that. Pets are sacrificed, old ladies have eyeballs torn out, and the orchestra will not stop under any scene, even the quiet ones. Oh, and the editor has a day off for the movie to drone. In fact, it would be better if everyone involved had a break, smelt what they had signed up and passed AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into movies these days, but this kind of starting point is not one on your resume you want. If it were like a trainee who had a conviction for chicken assault. With one of the worst lead performances that the screaming Laurel Barnett has ever had, and another almost as bad by the charisma-free children's actor Rosalie Cole (the next Dakota fanning she's not), the movie slings again and again with upholstery until we get what passes for a climax. This involves five or six members of the undead who barricading our completely useless heroine in a shed, while her bit roughly warding off these ghouls with a wooden board, a shell shotgun and whatever he can put his hands on. But back in a moment. Previously, they were in the car, and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the sound of the horn so repulsive they interfered with the sound of it. So do they stay where they are safe? No of course not, they run out to this abandoned building in the middle of the sky, so the block can prove what a hard-hearted he is, the girl can act as if she has a nervous breakdown. movie closes. It doesn't end, it just goes to grinding. The protagonist walks back to his vehicle covered with false blood, as if nothing terrible had happened. But my dear viewer, something terrible has happened. You've just been through one of the most crippled, boring horror movies you'll ever see and lost 82 minutes in your life, you'll never be back. Just think .. years from now on your death bed, what you would trade an hour and 22 minutes just to spend some extra time with your family. Unfortunately, it's already too late for me. Don't make the same mistake :( 2/10
