Infected Look at the Kibbutz Life <br /> <br /> This movie is less a cultural story of a boy's life in a kibbutz, but the deliberate demonization of the kibbutz life in general. In the first two minutes of the film, the milkman responsible for the cows raped one of his calves. And it is all the way down from there with respect to the characters representing typical "kibbutznikim". Besides the two main characters, a clinically depressed woman and her young son, everyone else in kibbutz is a gross caricature of evil. <br /> <br /> The story focuses on how kibbutz, as a kind of cult, slowly pulls the mother and son deeper into despair and what inevitably follows. There is no happiness, no joy, no laughter in this kibbutz. Each character / situation represents another horrible human vice like misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, cultism, oppression, etc. For example, while the protagonist is a strikingly beautiful European-looking 12 year old boy ?? his older brother is a typical kibbutz youth complete with his "Jewish" physical appearance and brutal personality. He cares more about screwing foreign volunteers than his dying mother's health. He treats these volunteers as a garbage can. After his little brother has asked to visit his dying mother, whom he has not seen for a long time because of his military service, he orders his quote ?? "Linda, take a bath and I can go for two minutes." <br /> <br /> There is another "good" character in this movie ?? a European alien who plays the mother's boyfriend. When the animal experimenter tries to hit the mother's son, the girlfriend defends him by breaking the arm of the rapist. He is summed up in kibbutz and then for "violent" behavior against one of the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: The indescribably annoying French woman playing the schoolteacher preaches that sex cannot take place before the age of 18 or without love and outlines the actual act of humorous to the audience, but is really just stupid. Of course, she screws her head on the kibbutz out in the fields, which in turn screws the little boy's mother when her mental health makes a trip worse. <br /> <br /> The film depicts kibbutz as a kind of cult. Children are yanked out of their beds in the middle of the night and taken to some rituals where they swear allegiance in the areas monitored by the kibbutz elders. Apparently, the mother cannot "escape" the kibbutz, but in reality someone was always free to come and go as they choose. It's a mystery how the boy's father died, but you can be sure that the kibbutz drove him to it "and his surviving parents are another pair of heartless, miserable characters who weigh down on the mother and her son. /> <br /> It's the essence of this movie: One-dimensional characters, dramatization, dry performances, and a creepy message trying to get into the audience's head - that the kibbutz life was degrading, miserable, and even fatal who doesn't "fit in." I'm sorry the guy who made this movie of course he had a bad experience growing up in a kibbutz. But I feel like he took a few sources of truth about the kibbutz life and transformed them into large atomic stereotypical bombs.
