I saw this movie, right now, not when it was released and hailed as the best picture of the year here in Israel. And to summarize everything right now, I just want to say: this is not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is Dror Shaul's second feature film and I must admit that his first and television drama he made before this picture is much better. Further more, this is his first attempt to control a drama. The early works were comedies and were fun and effective. The first thing to know if you ever want to see this movie: 21st century Israel hates kibbutz and the values ​​it represented since the formation of the state of Israel Kibbutzim's real situation is very bleak and some of them disappear one by one . kibbutz, Hebrew word for collective, was a kind of village only for members, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. With the change in social values ​​over time, it now seems that kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was suppressed, locked within the dogma rules without a ticket. The entrance to capitalist values ​​and lifestyles in the 90s and so far made it very difficult for kibbutzim to survive. The crazy mother in the movie is the central metaphor for it. <br /> <br /> But I consider this movie as nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of kibbutz. once it was a dream of every young couple to live in a kibbutz and raise children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the film shows the opposite. that kibbutz with the socialist dogma was a place of a cult of crazy people, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of each person within the collective. This is the central philosophy of postmodern capitalism: your individuality is the most important. You have to place yourself in the center and no one else, but you are the case. It is the philosophy of the film, and it is only the first sin. <br /> <br /> If you disagree with me on the political side, I'm sure you will agree that the play, the movie's tone, it's script and its direction are the four sins that follow. The film has no real visual text, and none of its images is something to remember. It is also very "delicate", a delicacy that is no more than artistically trying to provoke emotions, not surfaces, not in the film and not with the viewer. It brings nothing but boredom. Can anyone tell me why: Why did this movie win so many prizes? maybe because it shows that Israel is in line with the rest of the world and hates socialist and human values? Or perhaps it turns out that Israel is a "delicate" place that does not give in to dogmas and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people who are capable of emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us to be? or perhaps because it tells one of the greatest lies in Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification for the existence of the Jewish state? Whatever the answer is, it's not a good one. not for the world, not for human values ​​and not for the Jews.
