A little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the country. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies when the film opens with her feeding kittens to some kind of creatures in the cemetery, and she recently lost her mother who became crazy, but at the same time lived in the forest all night. The pastor of the film has a new young lady coming to Rosalie to take care of her. She is introduced to the evil of the forests while driving, and imagine the excitement here, experiencing a large blue barrel falling over a cliff's side, somehow stopping her car dead in the tracks. From there she goes to the nearest house and discovers Mrs Whitfield, who then goes into a lot of explanation about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness of Mrs Whitfield's character must be seen as believed. Now the young lady meets up with the child, and we quickly learn that she is not only strange, but everyone in the film is also very bizarre. They all share one thing in common, which none of them have ever heard of a play. None of these people can act - as it appears from the few vehicles that any of them in the whole movie appeared sooner or later - and everyone looks like they have a little idea of ​​what is happening, pausing To remember lines and all have the conviction of a paper bag. The director goes through the material at a slow pace with this horrible piano music crescendoing here and there on things that are supposed to be scary. It takes us a little before we get to a couple of murderers of the creators, but at that time I didn't care. The murders are also not convincing, and the truth is told that the whole movie resembles someone through it on their friend's farm with the people and things there. That all is said, the end has some creepy aspects to it, although we do not learn a darn thing about why Rosalie is like this or more importantly who the creation with the cheap masks is. Cheap doesn't even begin to describe the budget here. It is basically a couple of old farmhouses and some shacks at the end and of course the forest. Someone borrowed the director a couple of old cars too. No special effects of any kind and only the most minimal make-up. There are so many guffaws / ridiculous moments to list, but I just want to list a couple here that at least made me chuckle from the lack of ability of the creative forces involved: 1) See the gardener's body well after he has been "killed ". Len comes in and sees him slaughtered and you can see his fat belly raise with life. 2) The dying scene at the end, where the actor plays Rosalie is killed. She looks like she is listening to directions and takes her sweet time to die in view of the method. 3) What about the guy playing Roaslie's father who gives us a cranky poor man Andy Griffith. The scene where he laughs about the boy's scouts died, was a strange hoot. The child is actually a very bad movie and is very poor even for the standards of 70's cheese if you want. This is not a B movie, but more like a Z movie with producer Harry Novak making some money on almost nothing.
