Yes AWA wrestling how can anyone forget about this unreal show. First, they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil, who made "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhofe looks like a nose tackle. Then it was Gene Okerland, who when he became "angry as a wrestler" would say either "Out of time" or "Well just back" as he was sad, but actually sounded forced. After he went to WWF, Ken Resneck took over, although his mustache looked like a week, so old soup got stuck. It was a really good interviewer, as "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called a mouse face that made me fall off my chair laughing. After he jumped ship, Larry Nelson came aboard where he was so poor that Phyllis George would have been an improvement! Then there is Doug McLeod the best wrestling announcer ever to make each match exciting with its description of strokes! Then he was offered more pay by the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. On ringside that can forget Roger Kent, who is mispronouncing words and phrases was historic Like when a wrestler was great "Hes a big-on!" Stopped or kicked in the intestines "right in the gusset" or when he kicked "he trembled him" or "the arrow driver should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a helpless opponent. (Right Roger, like you don't care!) After he left for greener money (WWF), they had Rod Trongard who announced the style was great but different. As when a wrestler scraped the sun off his boot across another's forehead, he would say "right over the front e-lobe" or when a wrestler is in trouble "Hes in a bad way". He will also say that AWA is the worst, hardest, best, most scientific wrestler here in AWA! (No extra money Verne Gagne!) After he left (WWF) Larry Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over and I would talk to someone else or completely ignore him. (WWE didn't wise him!) Also Greg Gagne had the ugliest chest boots I've ever seen a yellow color on something I don't want to say. Also, when he is looking for the tag, he looks like he wants to get it over so he can run to the nearest toilet! Jumpin J im Brunzell was such a great dropkick artist that you wonder why Greg was ever his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler, but you wonder why Verne himself had won against him. (Puhleeeeze!) So when Vince McMahon wanted to hire Gagnes jobbers, he would make most of them fight squash battles. I like to see the Gagne family say that wrongs are right now!
