The first Home Alone was a decent enough movie ... the sequel was pretty much the same, in a new setting. This one tries to be original and succeeds to some extent ... Of course, the formula is pretty much the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time with a little changed plot. The new score is rather poor (although the new "setting traps" piece was, if not other interesting and different), especially in relation to the first score and the almost but not quite as good score of the other. It (almost) makes it possible to use some pretty good non-original music, but it's just not the same. The reason is fair and somewhat original to the franchise, but it is still basically the same movie as the first two, with worse plays and a less impressive example of the "scary character that turns out to be good". The play is mostly unimpressive. The characters are mostly caricatures. The new thieves are less entertaining than the old ones (and they make fun of spy things that are almost criminal, given the limited amount of good spy flicks there are and how precious few of them are cool). The fact that there are more of them (and thus more traps) is just a weak attempt to try to go higher than the first two movies ... and it doesn't work. The idea behind the thief and their mission is also a bit ... adult and serious for a children's movie (and there was a sexual joke or two, even though it is not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complex, just like the plot in general. I could follow it, but I doubt a child could. Some of the exhibition is so natural that even children can find it stupid. The animal is generally not fun. There are fewer siblings, which should mean that they are being developed more, but they have less personality than the least highlighted of the first two movies. All in all, just not very good or worth seeing, unless you * really * love to see criminals being hurt in cartoon y-violence. I only recommend this to big fans of the series. 3.10
