This was one of the movies that played a lot of games on airwaves in the early 1970s, usually on "4am Movie" or once at 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another on Creature Double Feature .When local channels used to run movies as part of their local programming (mostly gone today in favor of infomercial time). It was by the time. A couple of low-rent Abbott and Costello wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a soldier's prison (half a dozen guys in Army Surplus remainders) who are sent on field maneuvers to look at a strange radiation and finish encounters with aliens. They first enter the Bronson Canyon, which would later be the famous Batcave at BATMAN, and encounter the remains of a dead "carrot monster". Later in the cave they are being chased by a living carrot closet - basically a guy in black suit and paper mache head with glittering things on it and the eyes of the ping-pong ball. Two of them-complete nerds, Ray and Ball are trapped and waking up to tables and being "examined" by space magazines-Dr Poona (nooo fun!) And Professor Tanga, who is amazingly beautiful and even moreso in their skimpy bikini "uniforms ". We were too young at the time to realize which later bondage and fetish scenarios this "study" scene would more than suggest. Turns out that the two gals and their carrot monsters are stranded on the ground with a ship that is well hidden and trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was made as a total comedy with varying degrees of taste but remember this was then when Eric Von Zipper and his crew from Frankie and Annette's films were the height of B-movies, come in. -comedy. So it just seemed natural to jump on the band for some quick money. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I only thought I was going to watch this movie to begin with. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on "restored" DVD, I was assured in my memory. The comedy goes from mild fun to just stupid, but whatever. The budget is non-existent, which is a minor miracle when you think about it being made and we can talk about a "restored" version here and now over 40 years later. The payout is the girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing" and the result is the geeks - as we all were - getting the girls and the love to win. It is just stupid and stupid and the sites have nostalgic significance.
