Apparently Shakespeare is equal to high forehead, which is similar to a lot of people who don't see anything for what it really is. At some point in this movie, someone (I think Pacino's producer) warns him that the movie is about to go away, it was once about how the masses thought about Shakespeare through RICHARD III's vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a choppy game with random comments sprinkled all the way through. Some scenes seemed to be included as home cinemas for Al (was there really any reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, except for a laugh about something unexpected happening there?), And before the movie has just begun to be treated to see Al prance around and work sweet and fun for the camera. I thought his stupid act with Kay at the end of GODFATHER III with the knife to his throat was an act - but apparently that's how Al really behaves personally. <br /> <br /> Enough walking. Here's a shot of why I didn't even make it 3/4 way through this: 1) pretentious - Al always knows when the camera is on him, whether he's acting like Richard or in a 'real' conversation with someone - You can see it in the corner of the eye, also some of the actors around the test table become uninhibited and grow hammy to the extreme. If anyone reads this has ever spent some time with a group of actors and has witnessed this kind of thing from the outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, chew all the landscape!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this movie comes to a screaming stop that it never comes from. She has nothing to add to the discussion scenes, but the camera lingers on her to bring in the kiddos. Her performance is terrible to start. 3) The only things you really learn from this are told to you by the very scholars that the filmmakers are trying to keep the picture out. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not lead movies (or make Richard in the first place). I'd rather see BOBBY DEERFIELD than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the game and learn it yourself. Go out and see it done. In 1997, I saw the game performed at Ethnic Cultural Theater in the University of Washington, and so did what we see in this movie, resembling high school drama (with the exception of Clarence's gratuitous neckline! My God! Was it necessary?) /> It's just a bunch of sound and rage, which means nada.
