Wha-BAM! Someone has probably had fun consuming a whole truck of acid fungi and then screaming this crazy excuse for a movie picture! Writer Howard Cohen expands the "Sword & Sorcery" concept with a few extra S's, such as Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Sheer Stupidity! This is not just a movie, it is all the juvenile pervert's dreams and fantasies that come true! "Deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolls, women's mud, attempted rape, successful rape, life-threatening pigs (!), Horrible hairstyles, fate of oiled muscles, more sexual orgies, gay warriors, tournaments-to-death, scary witches , dismemberment, ridiculous villains and boobs, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally dries the floor with its obvious role model "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to cheesiness and pure flamboyance. The story is obviously of minor importance. Wage and gay (only he does not know yet) warrior Deathstalker goes on mission as commanded by an annoying witch to gather the three infamous elements of creation? or something like that. On his journey, he combines forces with a troll-turned man, a giant who is even gayer than he is, and last but not least a delicious woman who doesn't really seem to be a big support for the bras concept. Together, they head to the kingdom in the ultimate evil monks, where they will participate in a warrior's tournament and conquer no less than two out of three elements. Monks are the bald guy with a half spider's web tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that would even make the richest oil sheik jealous. Okay, admitted, "Deathstalker" is a pretty horrible and sometimes even impenetrable film. The fighting sequences are lame and costumes and make-up effects are even harmless. For a moment when we saw the opening sequence, I actually feared that I saw "Troll, Prequel". The monsters look incredibly cheesy and the opposite as threatening, but it is undeniable entertainment if you are in an uncomfortable mood. I suppose this is not a favorite among feminists, as the general depiction of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most gals serve only as eye-candy in harem. They must crawl across the floor naked and play around in the mud, but strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "leading" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are incredible, but - frankly - if it weren't for their continuously exposed stands, they wouldn't be worth mentioning either.
