Syriana celebrated the critics on release, and everything seemed to be raving about it. I suppose it is one of those films that is intensely intelligent ... so intelligent that I think you must be well-versed in the oil industry and a politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself unintelligent, I have studied politics since my early teens, and I enjoy an intelligent movie, but mostly, unless it is a documentary film, is thought to be primarily entertaining and have a message. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent, and some people do. I would even go so far as to say that those who rob over it and insist that it is a 10/10 lie because they think they look better. This movie was the most confusing, pointless, thoughtless dribbling I've seen for a while ... Especially considering the critical recognition, Oscar nods and casts. Scriptwriter Stephen Gaghan has disappointed me once again. His horrible wrote Havoc prior to this movie, and I think he is just trying too hard. I can't believe he was offered the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code manuscript. At the top of the directed Gaghan movie that made it an absolute mess. I didn't know who someone was, why things happened, who was who and what was what. It was a disaster. Because I don't really know who someone was, I can only mention the actors and what I was thinking of their performances, because the actors, despite the terribly complicated script, were okay. George Clooney plays C.I.A. field agent and assassin do I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been a favorite of mine, but lately he has managed to churn out some decent performances and it seemed to be quite a good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid story, and if I knew what was going on with him, I really enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman, and he's pretty boring and always looks like a deer in the headlights, which I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays her wife and she does well in the few scenes she gets. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo look like someone does something. I like Plummer and love to see him come up even though he doesn't get the best billing anymore. <br /> <br /> Cast is intense if only history made sense. I would like to quote exactly the description of the plot on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the heir to an emirate gives an oil contract to China, cutting a US company that immediately cares for its migrant workers and merges with a small company that has landed a Kazakh oil contract The Justice Department suspects The bribe, and the oil company law firm finds a scapegoat. The CIA also needs one when its plot to kill Emir apparently fails. Agent Bob Barnes, the fall man, sorts the double-cross economist parlays his son's death into a contract to advise the sheik The CIA wants died, the unemployed Pakistanis join a fundamentalist group, all roads start and end in the oil fields. "WHAT!?!? Say who now ?? Syriana may be the thinking man's movie, but it bored me to tears and no matter how hard I tried to stay with it. I eventually surrendered and knocked it off after an hour and a half, and you couldn't have tied me enough to make me quit it. I suppose if you want to make a statement, you see it, but I promise you someone is looking for entertainment, or a nice movie sleeps in the first half hour. 1.10
