I searched through Hollywood video last night with a friend who was trying to find a nice horror movie to watch over New Year's weekend. As I looked through the shelves, "Severed" saw my eye and I grabbed it from the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent B-grade horror movie. The deck looked pretty good. The ground sounded semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Don't be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. I think that more money was spent on the cover than the film itself. The film follows two police detectives that track a voodoo-inspired ritualistic serial killer called "The Head Hunter" who detests the victims to the left and right in another named city (probably Los Angeles) and they are drawn into his world by ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> The story sounds good? Well, that is, and this movie could have been halfway decent. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything about it was ridiculous. The opening scene has some red-haired actresses in a car trying to talk on this huge, outdated mobile phone, and for some reason she goes outside and talks to a guy. Then a shadow comes up behind them, chops off his head, and the girl falls to the ground and begins to crawl (for absolutely no reason) while trying to ring 911. Want ridiculous? Yep you bet it is. The whole movie looks like it was filmed on a VHS quality camera, and it is believed that it was. The action was mostly horrible, and the special effects were far from credible. And the police officers on the phone were horrible - the voice on the other line was echoing, and it sounded like it was being recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was simply amateurish and boring, and it didn't keep me very long, and I was often bored and tired, mostly because of the bad action and the horrible movie. The pacing was poor. Everything was just bad. Generally, "Severed" is a failed attempt at what could have been a decent B movie. The reason was good, and I think if this movie had been handled better and had a higher budget, it could have been okay. But this film fell flat on that face. If you expect something semi-decent, you will be very disappointed. Only recommended if you can tolerate D-grade horror flicks. Otherwise you will probably stay away from this straight-to-video waste. It had little potential, but it was beyond a mess. 10.1.
