Woosh ??! Man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> The opening scene, maybe? We see a bunch of Mongolian barbarians with poor make-up jumping from the walls of some ruins. They sneak around and attack some guy with a buttoned-caught girl. The guy runs off, the mongoloids follow him, and one of them seems to be behind to rape the girl, but instead he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then the guy (still on the go) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? a blond godlike look with a bad wig appears and says "it's my horse!". The Mighty Deathstalker just appeared. The Mongoloids arrive, Deathstalker kills them all (including the guy) on the tunes for some rather inappropriate Mexicanos western score (this must be a sword & sorcery flick, so what's with 'arriba trumpetos'?), And then go up to Captive Girl and exposes both her breasts. He starts rubbing them and Captive Girl seems to like it. She begins to like her lips and caress Deathstalker. Exactly when they are coming down to it, this old guy looks out and interrupts what might have been the end of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending for a short film). <br /> <br /> Tell me now ?? Isn't that the point where either a feminist would ugly extinguish the movie, or another male viewer would say "This will be a hell of a good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony: Deathstalker must bring the sword of justice and use it to steal the amulet of life and the magic of power from the evil wizard monks. <br /> <br /> Apart from decapitation, dismemberment, random bloodshed, retarded fist battles and embarrassing sword figures, this movie also contains a massive amount of t! ts & a $$ shot. I originally wanted to add an extra point to this movie for every free shot of naked boobies I could count. After 9 points (not even halfway through the movie), I had to give up counting. It was distracting me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Absolutely crazy stuff. Check out this mutant cat / worm-like creature Monks have as pets and as he feeds eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: What would you do if a man in a woman's body were to enter your bedroom and try to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: You slam him around, take out the knife and try to rape him. Then you find that he is not actually a woman, so you throw him out of your bed and tell him to leave your room. It goes well, I'm telling you. Deathstalker does it too and Deathstalker road is the right way! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful movie, really as pointed out in other comments. The bad guys are in vain. The women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and tasty chicken. There is a completely pointless tournament that just contains a bunch of barbarians that beat and knock out and tease the crap out of each other. My favorite weapon used in the tournament was a huge wooden hammer that used to beat a bad competitor to bloody mass. And my favorite contender was undoubtedly breaking the Warthog head (reminiscent of JEDI'S RETURN's gourmatic guards). I don't want to reveal how the movie ends, but just prepare for ravish in joy when I tell you that a 4-way dismemberment is being thrown into the movie's climax. And of course there is a wonderful display of tenure throughout the film. See a guy pulled behind a horse over a dirt road, and the next view shows that he is being pulled over grass (no road). See that awesome tattoo on the wizard's head changes magical pages within the same scene (on the shot it is on the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, Monks are after all a magician. It is or this film was shot in an alternative universe where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I enjoyed this and as much as I look forward to the other 3 installments in this series, I have probably cleared the decency back in me so as not to let this movie pass. However, I am ready to give the maximum number of minimum points so I could only draw a few points to follow the potentially poorer followers. DEATHSTALKER can be a great fun, trashy and sleazy CONAN rip-off, it's also a horrible movie.
