I must admit that this "remake" of the original 1968 movie was a big disappointment. Especially when considering that this is a Tim Burton movie. He is defenetly one of the most original, and perhaps I must say that cool instructors, Hollywood have produced. I personally am a big fan of his work, but of course something went wrong with his latest flick, The Planet of the monkeys. I really enjoyed the original movie. When it first came out, people waited only for another cheezie 70's science fiction movie, but a very surprising sight certainly proved that the theory was wrong. It actually had a clear cut message. An obvious anti-war message. Fear of the Cold War, where it took the world and fear of the use of nuclear weapons, played a major role in the filmmakers' thoughts. These reasons made the film rise above all expectations, and it became an instant classic. Although the new movie, "re-making" or anything, leaves us nothing. No message, no ideas behind it. It's just another money-minded butterfly. <br /> <br /> Visual Tim Burton doesn't give you anything. The dark and spooky settings were excellent and of course the makeup was amazing. <br /> <br /> Of course, keeping people interested in a movie isn't enough. There must be an exciting plot or storyline. In this movie, the plot is very uninteresting and it is extremely poorly thought. The script is very lame and it is full of holes. It seems that this movie was written with great speed. The explanation for why the monkeys there and why they rule the planet was actually very stupid and proved the scriptwriter's ignorance. <br /> <br /> It raised many questions that had no reasonable answer. <br /> <br /> For example; Why did the monkeys speak English? Why were there other monkey species than chimpanzees on the planet (since there were only chimpanzees in the spacecraft collapsing on the planet) Where in hell did all these people come from? How were a few chimpanzees able to grow into a huge increase of all kinds of monkeys in just a few thousand years. (I think it took a few million years for us to develop from monkey to man!) And finally, the bad surprise was just floating stupid. It was probably just thrown in because the original movie had such an end, so they felt the audience was expecting the same kind of end. The ending also raises many questions that I know do not have intelligent answers. Learned Theid to work the spacecraft? Which was powerless and learned to fly back in time and take over the earth single hand? And what did he do with all the women? And let's say it would happen, I doubt much that history would remain the same, as Washington would be built exactly as it is today! (I don't think there is a big banana instead of the memorial?) Just to say something positive about the movie. Some of the rolls were fantastic. Helen Bonham Carter's character was interesting and well-behaved, as for Tim Roth as Theid. He was very good, slightly rendered at some points in the movie. Michael Clark Duncan was also nice. I was not happy with Marc Whalberg. He is not much of an actor, and plays a very macho colorless character here. Very unbielevable and is nothing compared to Heston's character in the original. And the biggest female character had no reason or place in the movie. She was just thrown to the look. Hardly said a word throughout the film. I believe that in the future, when people think of the planet of the apes, they will think of the original. The latest will soon be forgotten.
