This movie is another of Tim Burton's attempt to exploit a well-known title to bring his vision to the screen. He has done so with 'Batman', 'Sleepy Hollow' and now this. This is not a remake. The only thing it has in common with the original is that it has simians that can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a cameo). Burton has reconstituted the whole story and the water down to today's mass show. <br /> <br /> The original Planet of the Apes was a product of its time. In the 1960s, America fought to redefine its civilization. It was a turbulent time for the soul to seek and reconsider social norms. It was the bourgeois era in which groups long-regarded subordinates demanded to be treated as equal. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical turmoil that confronts today's audiences. POTA was an extremely intelligent film that brought difficult questions and elegantly kept the Americans' oppression under review by making the White Guy justify his intelligence to a species he is considered subordinate. The dialectic between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was thoughtful and intelligent with irony both subtle and obvious. Burton's version is as much a product of today's times as POTA was from the sixties. This is Apes for Dummies. It is superficial and jejune that replaces politically correct places for intelligent dialogue and focuses more on form than matter. The "surprising" end is completely unnoticed and does not contribute to the film except a cliffhanger who creates the sequel. While the end of the original POTA tied everything together in a single powerful scene, Burton just goes out to the audience and speaks: "I know something you don't know and you'll have to wait for the successor to find out. '<br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, as is always the case with Burton's movie, the film is excellent, the make-up is great, and Burton's camera work is excellent (although I still don't like his dark appearance). Thirty-three years of advances in prosthetic makeup do not compensate for the abusive vacuum script. <br /> <br /> The story has been reduced to a monster movie. and supported by a couple of turncoats (especially Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). The presentation is formal and simplistic with lots of violence, perfect for today's fast food mentality. The plot is mixed. Mark Wahlberg is a fine actor who simply a misunderstanding in this role. Walberg is excellent at playing dark, sultry characters who are plagued but strong. This part requires an inspiring hero, a profile that is not in the Wahlberg repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actor whose character is so far below her ability that the interruption is ridiculous. She desperately tries to do something with the spanked character, but her interpretation presents as a cross between a colleague's peace protester and lovingly ill teenager. <br /> <br /> There is Tim Roth. His is a virtuoso performance that only saves the movie from total ruin. Roth is diabolically hateful as the malicious General Thade. He creates one of the most villainous and despicable evil I can remember for a while. In addition, his physical acting is superlative, giving a chimpanzee so perfect that one can almost believe that the species exists. <br /> <br /> This movie is a big disappointment. It is decent entertainment as long as you check your brain at the door. I rated it a 3/10. From a technical point of view, it is much better than that, maybe a 9/10. But history is an insult to the original franchise. It is simply another attempt at Burton's self-confidence, using a well-known title to attract throngs to the cashier's office, so many people can see what a genius he is. Of course, it is true, but it would be great if he used the talent to produce significant movies instead of simple minded papers formulated for mass consumption.
