If there is one thing that annoys me most by seeing a bad movie, it looks like experienced filmmakers who should know better. This "re-imagination" of the Planet of the Apes could have used some imagination, not to say anything about essential elements of character development. Nova, the girl in the original Apes plan, was a better developed character than Daena in this version, for all she didn't say a single word. You certainly expected much better from Tim Burton, a man who has so far combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, humor and humor, all of which were absent from this production. There were problems in basic plot development. The first big mistake made it possible for people to speak. This was the basic difference between monkeys and men who made the * all * difference in the original film. Even while he was dumb, his ability to communicate was what marked Heston's Taylor as different from the other people. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages the (speaking) human slaves to revolt, but there is no overwhelming reason why they have not rebelled and regained their emancipation already. They are clever tool users and have the ability to communicate to form plans, some mute people cannot do. No one needs to fall off the stars to save them. In fact, when he comes from a technological civilization and finds himself in a technological era without (at first) any gadgets to help him, it is Wahlberg who should be a disadvantage, not the people who are used to living there. . <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working so hard to generate a kind of spark between herself and the uresponsive murmur Mark Wahlberg. Her best scenes were with the villainous Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> The people were almost ignored until they were needed in the third act when Daena began to show a real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg) and a young boy suddenly switched from part of the background to a feisty gung -ho freedom fighter. This was poor character development. (Estella Warren looked particularly like she would have been able to do much more than she got in the script). Wahlberg's confusion at the end of what these people see in him was certainly shared by me, as he hardly interacted with the people throughout. <br /> <br /> Creating the apes: a half plus and two minuses: Ape makeup was excellent on the men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (that is why he was so good in The Green Mile), and The makeup design allowed him to use them fully. But monkeys looked like nothing on earth, neither monkey nor man. The minuses were the monkey jumps that looked just as realistic as Flash Gordon's rocket: jumping monkeys looked like they had just been fired by a catapult, they had none of the long glued grace of real monkeys. Secondly, the bad sound mix - when the gorillas roar it obviously doubled from something expensive, probably cat-like, making them obediently ridiculous and unrealistic. <br /> <br /> In the original movie, the various "human" things the monkeys do and say are handled as light relief ("I never knew a monkey I didn't like." "Man see, human do!" ). Here the monkeys just talk about, actually as 21s people do, and there is no humor at all. The only genuine original idea was Ari, who wrote with his feet. Nothing made me more than the "V-Ger from the Star Trek" meeting near the end of the movie. First of all, the monkeys had apparently been able to read Roman letters in the distant past so that they could know the name of the forbidden zone in its partially hidden form. Secondly, the mysterious inscription giving the name is only covered by sand, which Wahlberg just brushes away, any monkey could have done centuries ago. This moment was far worse for me than the very malignant end of the movie. <br /> <br /> However, things of this nature are typical of most science fiction films today. Back in the 60s and 70s, they generally did not have the budget to convince futuristic sets, but they treated really original themes and ideas that were really science fiction. I am thinking of 2001: A Space Odyssey, Apesens 1967 Planet, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and Solaris 1972. The first planet of the monkeys even exploited the only scientifically valid and physically feasible way to move forward in time. However, this movie includes almost every science fiction cliché going: accommodating storms, anomalies, and wormholes straight out of Star Trek; The solar system's planets and their moons are apparently all visible together as large globes (in fact, from any planet, any other body, even their own moons are only bright spots); a conventional rocket-powered shuttle service from Saturn to Earth within minutes instead of years; two thousand years old equipment fires up and works the minute the hero presses the button. To say nothing about a comfortable ballless internal glass door. In a modern setting, explain * why * it was spherical, but because it is "science fiction", you do not need to! <br /> <br /> All in all, Burton's most disappointing movie.
