Spoiler alarm ?? although I think this was spoiled that came out of the can? It's hard to even imagine that a movie with these stars, from this study made at this time, could be so horrible, but it is. It's the movie's biggest mistake far, that it just doesn't make any sense. <br /> <br /> Rich widower American aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "responsible" and goes out to World War I where he is killed. Then we flash forward to the present (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court, where they are said to have spent the last twenty years, and some shakes by the name of Barclay are trying to take their homes away from them. This is just the beginning of an infinite number of unanswered questions that include the script, more gaps in it than The Warren Report. What happened to Gaylord's assets? If the will is worth half a billion, why has the family house gone from a lavish palace to the house at The Munsters? Who the devil is this Barclay clown? And why can he take someone's home away from them? The question is just on top of several questions. The commonly loved and charming George Brent plays Barclay, who inexplicably is a total sweet trumping over everyone, and takes it whatever he wants, no matter who it belongs to and without guilt; but no one besides Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems to particularly like this cretin. Why? None of these questions are ever answered. Instead, we just follow Fiona's life from one train wreck to another, the evil Barclay takes away her home, her fortune, and even her child. What is she doing? Shoot him Put him on fire? No, too logical. In a totally unlikely wrapping, this woman, who was only a former romantic interference in Barclay, decided to save on the technical nature of the marriage, the rape of the sentence (literally), that she did not hate him, she loved him. And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, without reason in the world, this early female role model of independence and authority is transformed into the usual helpless ankle-twisting twit more commonly found in films of this era. Yes, be sure to steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I fall in love with you. On which planet is there? I can only guess the reason I never heard of this movie before I came to catch it on Turner that it was so lost in contemporary audiences as it is today.
