I wish more movies were two hours long. On the other hand, I wish more American civil war films were more than two hours long. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - it's about the length I expected; although the two were at least entertained for many hours they lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because that was the case during that. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Ang Lee's films are bloated and unintentional. It actually feels like it takes a lot less than two hours. It was not a compliment. It really is no different than any other kind of sensory deprivation: at that time it feels like it will never end, afterwards it does not seem to have taken any time at all. <br /> <br /> The movie goes on the wrong foot as Lee plays his insurmountable credits ABOUT the opening shot (bad mistake), where we are introduced to some characters we immediately dislike and will later falsify. The two centers are Jake, son of German immigrants, who are strong supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally strong judge whose values ​​Jake shares. (I had to re-read this sentence to make sure I didn't write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point or vice versa.) The two are going to be "bushwhackers" - southern militias who are so keen on Vengeance and violence that they cannot even be bothered to join the official southern army, which I suppose they think is too sissier. I'm afraid Lee lost me right there. It is easy to feel for signs that make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to like them or feel like we know them somehow, then their moral shortcomings can make us care for them more . Not so here. We have not been properly introduced to Jake for at least one hour; when we are, it becomes clear that he is a gormless pimple of a man who is not a confederate by choice as much as habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does, if psychology is purely immitative. The people he associates with are either equally or positively evil in an uninteresting way. I found myself cheering when the northern cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: Good - Kill the rebels, end the condemned war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> Exacerbating this problem is the horrible, horrible dialogue. Everyone speaks in the same swirling southern accent. I have heard accents from all over the English speaking world, and this is the worst of them all. I don't care if southern people really talked like that, it's simply not fair to ask an audience to listen to it for two hours. And believe me, we listen to it for two hours: Lee's picture is a talky, pretty much because characters take so long to say what they mean in their grammar, say-all-three, folksy drawl. It would help if they spoke faster, but not much. Can these people not find a more effective language to communicate? In short: The movie is small, but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no life that speaks in an offensive ugly state of speech that does not bathe often enough to whom nothing of interest happens, despite being involved in a war . Good pointer? Jewel was nice to look at, and it was also nature. But I have complaints myself here. The cinematography, nicely framed, looked like someone had susbtituted black and white color film by mistake; and for Jewel we were teased with his body, but never actually allowed to look at what I think is the least we owe.
