Okay .. it wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but I had heard many good things about it and I was very disappointed. I could see where the film authorities are coming from and that they tried to express the fact that the two sides of this battle were not very different from each other, that the individuals were lost in the fighting, etc. Etc. Contract. . (Well, that's my presumption, anyway = ^ _ ^ =) <br /> <br /> Anyway .. the movie kind of bored. I've seen a lot of really long movies, but this one just seemed to pull on and over and over again. Basically because I just couldn't take care of any of the characters. I just kept thinking .. who cares ??? I also found the actor to be rather dead pan and the dialogue strained. I understand this was the 1800s and all, but most of the conversations seemed just unnatural. No one seemed to have any feeling in most of the movie except during melodramatic events. "Romance" in history did not seem to be supported by anything other than "I am a guy and you are a girl" that I do not consider much of a romance, and yet I felt that I was guided to the belief that these people were in love. Oh yes .. I think it's all "All this scares us, we have each other to hold on to" writing things or anything. I also hoped for some kind of dynamism between the two best friends (both of whom initially seemed to be interested in the girl), but that was just the kind of fall. Perhaps one avoids a cliche love triangle. I do not know. <br /> <br /> Oh yes .. Daniel Holt was about the only sign I really liked. And Sue Lee was okay. I didn't really look like Jake, but he also seemed a little ... spineless, I think. Jack Bull, I didn't care about it all. And I'm pretty sure you * should * hate almost everyone else, except the poor, normal people who are just knocked down left and right. It was pretty graphic and had it all "warlords", but I've seen lots of other movies with the same theme, made better. (I enjoyed, for example, Patriot, although it was a bit emotionally manipulative) But as I have already said, I am a cynic. What can I say? :)
