** SPOILERS ** This was a nasty movie and I'm sorry I saw it. Like Jan Kounens Dobermann, it mostly suffers from poor editing - or lack of it. It's as if the director was so in love with his work, that instead of cutting the film down to a pace that kept your attention, he added all the footage he'd shot together. There may be two cool scenes throughout the movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified, and the camera starts to spin around him. It was cold - but okay we got it! Please continue! The camera won't stop spooling around this guy! There may be one or two more cool scenes that I have forgotten in this mediocre river, but the last duel scene is not one of them! This may be due to the fact that, unlike the previous sword management scenes, Shanao is not masked - but just because the director couldn't find a stuntman who looked like something Asano Tadanobu didn't give him the right to move on and make up 80% of the extreme close-up sword of sword clashes! And from the same angle, I must add. The director will learn from the American produced 1995 bullet-train ninja movie The Hunted! I personally saw the village raid scene as a tribute to the social activists of the previous generation who were confronted with the police in the violent demonstrations of their college years. The situation where innocence is suppressed by an authoritative and armed department of the government who is unable to understand seems to be a message common to the Japanese media, due to socialist and communist strong influence, which is a political minority. The movie versions of the GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two other recent examples * END SPOILER * I don't understand. I just don't understand why people who don't speak the language of the film find praise worthy material in this. Maybe the worst was lost in the translation. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie - where marketing played a lot - is another interpretation of the legendary meeting between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and it is so detached from modern themes that after 138 minutes the game played visual techniques, who cares about how the director wants to interpret the story! Director Sasaki Hirohisa of Crazy Lips said there was an unpleasant tendency among new Japanese instructors to ignore Japanese audiences and target their films to foreign film festivals - to achieve faster international fame. This works, though it doesn't make sense because it is the intent of an international film festival, to introduce the world, what kind of film is being made in other countries - what kind of movie people are seeing in those countries. Certainly not Gojoe and the like.
