Well, where to start? I can start with the general complaint about how this film is marketed. Call me ignorant of not knowing about Schneebaum's book before I look at the documentary based on it and decide that I have lived under a kind of stone, but don't blame me for picking up this movie since the title and description on the box does not note that this "documentary" is actually a companion to the said book. Yes, I felt quite stupid after seeing this little flip, because how the reason why I sat down to see it initially was to get a good service from a "modern cannibal speech". I mean, am I a fool to expect this movie to actually cover most of its history of cannibalism's behavior in jungle tribes? I had certainly not expected an hour and forty-five minutes of an old geezer who kisses his own ass by looking at every little detail in his boring and worn-out life. I had certainly not expected the inappropriate management, and I did not think that I even laughed at Tobias Schneebaum and all his dissuasive glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is actually unlikely. The old dreams and bitches the whole movie, making the whole picture a personal tale of his, even though he is not even interesting to fill a story. Really? He was a cannibal? Nineteen percent of the film is focused on almost nothing regarding Schneebaum's dirty past. The only time we really get to see a cannibal act is when Tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment of what happened to him in Peru and says he had "a little piece." That's it, folks. Ninety minutes of the bull later and Tobias Schneebaum is a cannibal of three inches. It's like calling a movie "The Life of a True Don Juan" to just see that the only time the protagonist of the movie did something sexually happened during college when he once played "just tip". Unbelievable. In fact, the management is extremely horrible as there is no flow or rhythm to the story being told. Okay, I understand I didn't read Schneebaum's volume until I saw its celluloid narrative, but I still recognize some bad pacing and even worse editing. One minute Schneebaum talks about cruise ships and tourism, and the next he goes on with how he can't run and then jumps to talk about some dead relatives or some erroneous and miserable sagas in his life. I mean, Jesus, you can at least slam his luggage history to the first part; Follow up with some things that cover his homosexuality and then finish it with a hearty look at his visit to Peru? Also: I don't care much about Schneebaum's creepy little quips about life and life, but at least I impose on the old man to keep up with his ramblings. If I hear a guy talking about how he prefers life in the jungle, I don't expect him to suddenly bitch and groan about wanting to go home more than 20 minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another remark about the management is the random clips from the story to the hand of the small, small TV shows where our hero has appeared. While some may find the rocks to be clever little breaks from history, the director has used the gimmick and broken his entire film into pieces by trying to place most of the effort to tell the story of the old wheels. <br /> <br /> The bottom line here is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Clean and simple. I know I haven't read the book, but I still hold the argument that this movie is completely useless by noting that a good movie must stand alone. This documentary relies too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work and instead assumes the assumption as an additional disk found on a DVD. Schneebaum is both arrogant and bitchy and strikes a sour combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably unhappy. If you're looking for a solid piece of humanity and cannibalism, turn away because "keep the river to your right," is an embarrassingly fun self-service rant over a man who has long been delayed for a jacket and gag.
