Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) movie careers before joining. For many of Ollie's pre-Stan movies, he was billed on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe." While he toured the post-war British with Laurel in a music hall for Bernard Delfont, Hardy interviewed journalist John McCabe explaining the origin of this nickname: Early in his acting career, Hardy got a shave from a gay hairdresser who pressed Hardy are lumpy cheeks (those on his face) and said 'Nice baby!' Hardy's workmates started crying him 'Babe' and the nick name fixed. <br /> <br /> Although much of Hardy's pre-Laurel work is very interesting - especially his comedy roles in support of Larry Semon and Chaplin imitator Billy West - his collaboration with Billy Ruge (who?) in a series of Low budget shorts for the Vim Comedy Film Company are very gloomy. Hardy and Ruge got the screen name Plump and Runt: Names that are unpleasant in their own right, but got worse because Ruge (though shorter than Hardy) is not particularly round. Look here, Hardy looks very much like he does in his early Hal Roach movie with Laurel ... but without the saliva and the exciting little mustache. <br /> <br /> 'Too many', a very typical plunt and round epic, is direly unfunny ... and its dreichness is made even more conspicuous by the fact that this movie has exactly the same performance as' That's My Wife ', one of Laurel and Hardy's most hilarious films. Plump (Hardy) is the star boarder in a room house run by a long gawky hostess. Around (Ruge) is the gate. Plump receives a letter from his rich uncle John whose dosh he expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plump's wife and baby. There's only one problem: Plump doesn't have a wife and a baby. He's lying to his uncle to act like a family man. Of course, Plump Runt expects to find him a wife and a baby at short notice. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be nice if the disastrous results were fun, but they are not. Most of the unfunny humor here is just empty slapstick, with signs that put their arguments by pushing each other in the bathtub. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS COME. Vim director Will Louis (who?) Shows no instinct for camera framing: the actress who plays the landlady is significantly higher than Hardy, and Louis consistently sets up his pictures so her head is out of the frame. This can be fun if done on purpose, but it is just unfortunate. At some point in this bad comedy, an extremely tasteless gag is threatening on the horizon as Runt is approaching a black laundress. "They wouldn't bend them so long," I thought. But they do. Around the woman's black infant steals and tries to fob this out as Plump's offspring. <br /> <br /> Somehow, Plump buys an infant's crib, but he still doesn't have a baby. With Uncle John coming up the stairs, plump conscripts round for babyhood. This gag might just have worked with a midget, or even with a really big-size actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just below average. Ruge's imitation of a baby is neither trustworthy nor fun, and Uncle John has to be a complete moron to fall for it. Amazingly he does! The most notable aspect of 'One Too Many' is a short look - apparently her only film appearance - by Madelyn Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not a happy one, although Hardy's marital problems never reached the epic proportions of Stan Laurels. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a very short feedback sequence where Hardy reminisces about his seaside romance with a bathing beauty. In 1916, there was not yet a standard film grammar to convey flashbacks: this one showed is graceful and simple. Too bad this movie has no other merits. 'One Too Many' is definitely a movie for many on Oliver Hardy's CV, and I consider this movie just a point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are certainly much more fun than them separately.
