It was and a simpler time (seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco) where a man could make a simple film about a drug-demanding psychotic crucifixion of Christ as a woman of acidity with endless dream sequences and interkut flashbacks while having a multi- racial inter gender orgies regardless of financial responsibility or moral consequences. This movie, boring, slow, boring, is the worst example of the kind of pretentious heavy handed art school drunk that passed as art in the mid-70s. and I love it ! When this train wreck of endless slow motion zoom ins and powerful reverbed echo chamber acid guitar licks starts, you can't take your eyes off it until the ridiculous and absurd end. It's a kind of cross between Jesus Christ's superstar, beyond the doll's valley and a really crappy acid ride with your parents on a water bed. It is also a train wreck, quite fascinating and also a good snapshot of the worst (or best) elements in the b-grade 70's phychadelic movie genre. <br /> <br /> plotted. <br /> <br /> I just want to tell you the plot because you will probably not be able to tell what happens because of the constantly cross-edited flashbacks for events that may or may not have happened to characters that may or may not be itself, and the face painted hippy freak nicks endlessly cavorting in the banal sequences of performance art level mime as street theater. <br /> <br /> "Logan" is a really annoying iconoclast movie maker who shouts to people award and is surrounded by a pretty silent staff who is always losing acid and having what looks like really bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus has an associated role as it appears as an accountant. the movie staff seems to hate him for some reason and break out in maniacal laughter perhaps to bother him. "Suzanne" the titular character is a willowy blonde who climbs into space and comforts the completely crazy "artist" character. The "artist" goes completely sour, by the way. either from his violent assault or the incredible horror of his paintings. Susanne of course, terrible nude. There are some other signs that happen randomly, a cigar that chomping "the man" character. which is also everything for Suzanne I guess. he has a monologue I couldn't really ever figure out what he had to do with the story unless everyone had to hate the "man" again and you couldn't make a movie without one. There is also a dumb girl. The dumb girl eventually pays her trust in me, it's incredibly stupid.
