Mindless dribble about Christ's second come in the form of a hippie and albino looking Sandra Locke. You have no idea what is happening on the screen, with the annoying theme song "Suzanne" being played over and over through the movie until "Suzanne's second coming" is over, you already know it hard, no matter how hard you try to forget it all. <br /> <br /> This off-the-wall luminaire film producer Logan, Jared Martin, is out to make movies from the century but is so rude and unpleasant that no one in the banking community is willing to fund his project. Planning to go on your own logan, this couple stains at a seaside cafe and is fascinated by the young woman Suzanne, Sandra Locke, who reminds him of someone he knew in another life: Jesus Christ. <br /> <br /> With Logan's assistant and around gofer Clavius, Richard Dreyfuss, somehow get a $ 740,000 loan from the bank to fund Logan's masterpiece, he starts working at Suzanne by flattering her about her talent as an actress to get her interested in being in her movie. This causes Suzanne not only to leave his boyfriend Simon, Paul Sand, but later Simon becomes so depressed and feels alone taking a gun to his mouth and blowing his brains out. <br /> <br /> The movie also has two somewhat independent subplots in what has to do with a young autistic girl Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who is cured by her autism by Suzanne after everyone else in the psychiatric hospital that she was committed, failed. It's not really known exactly what Suzanne did in the hospital, but she seemed to be some sort of orderly or voluntary there; Should it show us in the audience that she, like Jesus, could miraculously heal the sick? There is also this newspaper column and the big time businessman tycoon Jackson Sinclair, Gene Barry, who seems to be either going through a very difficult mid-term crisis or having seen a biblical-like vision that changed his life forever. Sinclair had searched for the meaning of life as well as what it was all about through the movie and wanted to know why there is all this suffering in the world, like this movie he is in, and seemed to have found the answer when he first laid his eyes at Suzanne. Sinclair also had some sense that knocked into his head when his private driver, David Mark Rasmusser, who got tired of his weird and crazy hallucinations, almost drove him out of a rock in a kamikaze like driving along the Pacific coast. <br /> <The film "Suzanne's Second Coming" continues with a series of independent sequences, likely to fill or cushion for some time by its director and film editor, and then goes to the final scene in a Christian crucifixion on a hill that Logan has all cameras are rolling. It turns out that the insane Logan was then carried away with his masterpiece as he attempted to replicate, on the helpless and bound Suzanne, the crucifixion of Jesus Christ 2,000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Hard to sit through and almost impossible to follow "Suzanne's second coming" puts you through the same kind of torture that Suzanne is being carried out by Logan and the filmmakers. The movie is trying to be arty, but it's just an excuse to cover it's brainless and non-existent story and even worse the horrible and amateurish act of everyone in it.
