96 minutes of this is cruel .. and I love the old Munster's. Yes, the plot is something; yes the lines are trite; but the one at the helm of this was not a fan. There is so much "intrigue" (and I use that word with great pause) that I wonder if it's an old Starsky & Hutch episode. I lost the number of times I noticed that makeup had missed somewhere near the collar. Refusing to acknowledge that time has elapsed since the mid-60s (ridiculous), manufacturers simply replace Marilyn & Eddie with younger actors. Why not let them grow and age? The addition of an Addam family style reunion does not add to the Halloween party. <br /> <br /> Grandfather and Herman fly to Transylvania and back in a few hours. (Preposterous.) Sid Ceaser is most, indeed, the most incredible character (I include the bad robots) when he babbles an unwanted combination of gibberish & yiddish, but claims to be an ancient Arab ruler. And yes, it seems that the grin track is missing. In fact, there are several places where there is dead air as if the slat track was to be inserted later. The actors seem to be waiting for the faux audience. It's not ridiculous; That's sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that just shows you how ignorant the authors and producers were. Marilyn says something about: "Where could Uncle Herman and Grandpa be? They could have been in an accident. They could have been hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily says replies with something like: "You are Uncle Herman will be here if he is to leave the train". What is great about this is: Yvonne DeCaro's husband was a stuntman in the early 60's and lost a leg and was almost killed in a train stunt. He was never restored, and this financially destroyed his family. (see the biography's amazing review of her life and career) This line could easily be changed to be more sensitive to her. <br /> <br /> If you are a real fan of Munster's then you will have to rent this mess. It illustrates how some things are better alone. Even with the (almost) original cast, this is almost as bad as the experiment's remake a few years ago.
