To be clear from the few times, 'The Bagman' is very, very, very bad. It is terrible in almost every aspect except one: the finished product is such a horrible movie that it is actually hysterical fun to watch. This is a very low quality film. Budget constraints for the movie should be obvious to anyone who even looks at the open title sequence. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the movie was calculated or not. For example, the movie takes place in 'Doomsville.' Note to all potential home buyers: If the city you are moving to is called 'Doomsville', you continue to move. Stephanie Beaton is quick to pull her top into a pretty enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I couldn't help laughing because it has intentional humor (she turns on the gas stove ... get it? Sexy is so hot? Get it?) And unintentional humor. The unintentional in this case is the music. It is like the theme music for 'Vognens Vogne' goes electronica. Outbreak the computer and synthesizers! I realize that it is impossible to bring music to a small production like this. I really feel for them because the work here is so appropriate. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I haven't laughed so hard at sex on the screen since 'Alone in the Dark' with the 'Seven Seconds' song (I suppose they suggested that the bad old Mr. Slater was a bit ... fast in a row?) . Even the end credits are fun. Consciously or not You are the judge: A dog and a cat are part of the credited casting - and an animal keeper was in place for them! - The boom is credited with 'Mr B. Stick' and the third unit's wardrobe (Yep, they had a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think this is more greeting than saving the movie. The movie is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family are so appropriate in 'The Bagman' that you cannot help but as the movie they have produced. 'The bagman is bad, but not terrible. In its own sweet way, it even manages to be a little endearing. It carries its faults so honestly that you cannot help but forgive them. "Better" movies trying to hide the errors are almost worse in a way. I think it's just a movie that knew who its audience was and was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> See a number of movies and most of them will be much better than this. Some of them may look cheaper, or have worse acting or bad production value. They do not like terribly like 'The Bagman' does from horrible editing, sound and foley effects. Sir. B. Stick did not do a very good job. The special effects seem to be where most money went. They tend to be more fun than cruel, but when the 'Bagman' is finally revealed at the end, the makeup work is surprisingly well done. My 4 out of 10 is a little high but humor helped a lot. This is an ideal movie to track some evenings with a few friends and a few beers in the hand. Great entertainment should be by anyone who is serious about themselves B-movie or low-budget movie aficionados. Everyone else should probably be avoided with great prejudices.
