"The Bubble" is an attempt to make a gay Romeo & Juliet-type story with an Israeli and Palestinian, although it seems to come to it using "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210." The signs are superficial and tired, like the dialogue and plot line. The film seems to be torn between fluff and depth. On the one hand, there is a pointed effort to be low as (in an example of many) some small characters even asking questions that invite to develop insight into the current conflicts and get answers like: "Hello, we are here for Make a poster for a rave against the occupation. Do not become political! "In addition to the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is just one of many ham-tailed signals that the film is as hollow and insignificant as its title suggests. On the other hand, the film's primary immersion to the depth follows the lovers of a presentation of "Bent" a game of gays in a Nazi workplace. The scene on stage is outrageously rushed and undermines its erotic power (understandable in the light of movie time constraints, but it could still have been edited for much better effect.) And then comes out like the rest of the movie. Too bad. This game deserves much better. The people are so one-dimensional cartoonish, some even have names that telegraph their whole (although the word seems inappropriate here) substance. The aggressive soldier of the crack Golani brigade is called "Golan". The militant Palestinian is called "Jihad". Striving-for-chic craft room roommate is "Lulu." Anyone who is familiar with checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether from real life or documentary, will find the control point scene absurdly unreal as ?? Well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman enters the fastest work on record, Israeli soldiers are striking and helpful, an ambulance appears in minutes. (The result of the birth serves to show the Palestinians as inappropriate for Israeli charity and even paranoia.) On the whole, the control point is seen as a pure gene, not the series of bones, soul-crushing, humiliating barriers, regardless of medical care or necessity, birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to get through from Nablus to Tel Aviv with no problems, no papers, no problems. He just shows up when he likes it. When the Israelis want to get through it, it is much more a challenge involving a scheme worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> On the basis of cozy, supportive Israelis and hard-homophobic Palestinians, we move to a decision that is completely lacking in motivation or purpose ?? except as a painfully obvious dramatic entity to milk sympathy for the forbidden lovers. Gay Israeli-Palestinian romance has been handled on stage with much more skill and depth as in Saleem's "Salaam / Shalom" so this movie is hardly as groundbreaking as some people will think. <br /> <br /> Gloriously bad movies ?? as Ed Woods works - at least some have striking idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This one doesn't even have what goes. Most of the soundtrack sounds like Simon and Garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with the weird oedipal touches to gay scenes, it reflects the general incompetence that permeates this movie as a mediocre television movie of the week.
