I saw Crispin Glover's "What is it?" at the Ann Arbor Film Festival. Admittedly, the film was at least appropriately named because I got the distinctive feeling that even the author / director could not give an answer. On the question and answer the session after the screening, Mr. Glover, the movie was originally intended to be a short film to show the virtue of using impaired syndrome actors. However, this is not in itself enough of a reason to make a movie. Actors are, in my opinion, the building block for a larger vision - a larger vision that seemed to be confused at best and absence at worst. Crispin Glover also said he wanted to address taboo topics. Now he does. But why? The movie seems to have no attitude, no need to address anything. Does he feel that these things should not be taboo? The movie doesn't give me an indicator of it. Taboo for the sake of the taboo is not interesting. It does not even afford to disturb the taboo or spur on any level because he did not care the audience in any way. <br /> <br /> Ignoring issues with the concept for a moment, what actually shocked me the most was how little the movie was put together. Editing, filmography and other technical aspects often seemed to be extremely amateur. Glover said that $ 125-150,000 went into the movie, and I feel that the money should have been spent on different designers (Glover did some design himself - I know I saw the least sound design in the credits). The painted sets are okay (not large) but badly used. Parts feel like a photographed scene game - which would be fine if it went to any kind of purpose, but in Glover's hands it just feels sloppy. Other parts are recorded as a kind of home video, of inferior quality to many things I see first time filmmakers doing on iMovie. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the biggest problem is "What is it?" I can't even understand how serious the movie is. There are some parts that feel as if Glover is shouting at you to think seriously. At other points, he looks at his own little joke. Maybe he thought it was ironic or meaningful in some way, but I just felt that Glover couldn't even get his movie to give his film any serious attention. Glover said he originally wished it was a short film. If only it was. In fifty minutes, the film runs out of imagery and ideas in the first twenty, and it is plausible if the ideas were formulated enough to claim that they themselves were there during that period.
