Here, there was no effort in Valentine to prevent it from being just another teen slasher movie, a subgenre of horror movies that we've seen too many over the last decade or so. I have heard many people complaining that the film is averting several previous horror films, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate being superfluous, rip off is so obvious that it is impossible not to say something. The stamp bowl of poor Jeremy's head early in the film is so clearly taken from Carrie that they just as well have just said it in the movie ("Hi everyone, it's the director, and the following is my Carrie-rip-off scene. Enjoy But it's just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The film is structured piece by piece in the same way that every other gummy teen thriller is structured, we learn to know a girl card in the beginning, She is killed, people are wondering about the old, but only the de-stuff-people-tone, and then they start to be killed. The problem here is that the director and the authors will clearly and honestly keep the film mysterious and exciting, but they has no idea how to do it Take Jason, for example, here is this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he divides the check on a date according to what each person had and as one of the first characters seen in the movie after the short story reading about who r poor poor Jeremy was treated, he is assumed to have some significance. Besides that, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy who all the girls terrorized in the sixth grade and the same initials signed at the bottom of all the evil Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the audience intentionally and sometimes misunderstood by the behavior of one or more signs that appear to be primary suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not such a good example of a successful effort. Sure, I thought for a while that he might well be the killer, but it's not the intention. We know early on that he is horrible at women who attach him to the little boy at the start of the movie, but then in the middle of the film he looks at a party, smiles flirtatiously on two of the main girls, and then gives they have a hateful look and go away, disappear from the party and from the film without explanation. We already know he is a cardboard character, but his role in the movie was so badly thought that they just took him out completely when they were finished with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the killer true identity was actually hard to predict in at least a subtle way, which unfortunately was still a rip-off. Early in the film, when Shelley puts the killer in the leg with her own scalpel, he makes no sound, suggesting that the killer may be a woman who is silent to prevent revealing herself as a woman, rather than a man who suspects all . But then for the rest of the movie, we just have this solid, relentless, unstoppable killer with the numb mask and the giant butcher's knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who with all due respect looks like he had some problems with the girls even in the sixth grade) mentions being influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, completely unnecessary because it is so obvious how much he plagues the film. The only difference between the murderer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was so much more effective and he had no problem with nosebleeds. This thing is shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead us once about who the killer is (complete with slow and drawn "and-the-killer's" mask removal), but then we see Adam's nose begins to bleed when he keeps Kate, his often reluctant boyfriend, and we know he has been the killer all the time, nothing in the movie suggested he could be the killer until the final act, and these inexplicable nosebleeds were not exactly the smartest way to identify the true killer at the end of the movie Valentine is not scary (I saw it in an empty house by myself after midnight, and I have been afraid of the dark as long as I can remember and even I was not scared ), and the signs could be feasible if it was not so obvious that they were just going to die, I remember being impressed with the theatrical previews (though the movie was in and out of the theater faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old.
