Ouch, what painful drilling Sci-Fi movie! And it is especially sad because the opening 15 minutes was so action-packed and full of potential! During intro, we follow a bunch of neural security officers and hired hit men as they chase a doctor who fled from a mysterious laboratory with a folder full of top secret files. As he is revealing the allegedly terrible and inhuman events taking place in the lab, he is executed. Speak up ?? From then on, the action swings back and forth between two places, the aforementioned laboratory and a country senator for a corrupt senator (or something), and it soon becomes clear that the experiments are actually the complete opposite of disturbing. More like boring, meaningless and vague. Scientists chose four random people without living relatives, and it really is really really important that they speak the truth, even though a giant machine reads the contents of their minds anyway. They hide all the dark secrets of their past and people suffer when they are revealed; But I fail to see how these tests could ever result in a humanitarian threatening device. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. The interaction between the patients and the doctors is even less interesting to follow as none of them really have personalities. So basically the "Brain Machine" is just about a bunch of lame people living in an enchantingly decorated room. The movie could also have been half an hour shorter if it wasn't for a thousand stationary shots of buildings! The moves from the lab to the villa and vice versa are indicated each time by a five second shot of the sites. Either the decision makers really need upholstery, or they just assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers are morons incapable of noticing a change of location alone. Star at a vanished pool with a mansion in the background for the tenth time of only five minutes becomes quite annoying, I assure you. James Bests' performance as having mental problems is pretty decent, but a man can certainly not save this thing from being an absolute waste of time. Avoid!
