Wow. If you watch this movie today, you can't help but be horrified by writing this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple who in modern times can appear at "The Jerry Springer Show" - as they have a morbid and violent relationship ... and inexplicably, the authors seem to adhere to it! <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a hungry and homeless Loretta, shown rope by the poor but very resourceful Spencer Tracy. He shows her how to talk can do very well with little money and take her home to her cottage to stay. It is never clear whether they are married - and given that it is a Pre-Code movie, you can assume that they are not even if they live together. Their relationship is very strange ... and a little sick. While you can see that Tracy cares about her by her actions, he is verbally abusive and a total jerk --- and Young comes back for more like a dog. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and it is in a bad way his way of using endearments! Later, when he starts to fool himself with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if that's what he wants, it's okay with her !!! It certainly tastes of a sado-masochistic relationship, and you can't help but feel a bit horrified. Sure, he doesn't beat her, but the relationship is very offensive. To show how sick it is when Young gets pregnant, she tells him, "It's your baby, and it's mine, but you don't have to worry, I'll blame it all for that!" Yikes! Doesn't this all seem to look through a sickle in a sick and dysfunctional home? Later, in a case of art that mimics life, Tracy proves what kind of man he is and disappears. After all, he cannot be charged with a baby - even if it is his. But he changes and decides to return home. Wow ... it's a bit of him! And when he returns, he is ugly and seems like he is not obliged to look after the child !! And she tells him he is "a free man ... free like a bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears at this tender moment ... NOT! Soon this is crazy couple married ... and of course Young is depressed because he seems to be staying as long as it suits him - not because of love or sense of responsibility. So how can you save something with this kind of sick character? What would you do? Well, as for the authors, they Tracy soon committed a robbery to help pay off abruptly! The romantic aspects of the movie are amazing to say the least! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a chump - doing almost nothing to take precautions not to get caught - just as he secretly hoped to be sent to prison. And to show what kind of nice guy he is, the guy he is trying to steal is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there's more to the movie, Tracy is a jerk and Young is an idiot in the movie. Despite the fact that both are very good actors, there is absolutely no way they could do any of this shot the writers produced. Nice music, good sets, good acting ... and a script that is 100% poo. How the movie is currently judged 7.4 is beyond me, and I wonder how to ignore the sign's sheer horror. A terrible misfire that somehow did not ruin the careers of those involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you wonder if Loretta ever gets the backbone of this movie or plays someone who is least strong, the answer is no! At the end she hasn't learned anything and hasn't changed a whit for the better. <br /> <br /> They probably don't make movies as they used to ... and in this case ... thank God!
