may contain spoilers !!!! So I watched this movie last night at LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is NOT known to show quality movies. THIS MOVIE IS AWFUL! I'm still amazed that I saw it all as it was terrible. Can this movie contain more stereotypes? (harping Jewish mother who wants son to be a doctor, Catholic family with priest sons, great big crosses in each room shown in the Catholic family's house, Mexican whores, "bad" guy who really is a softie at heart, incredibly bad country accents) GAG !!!! I was first fascinated by the fact that I had never heard of this movie, and having seen that cheryl pollack and corin nemec were in it, I decided to stay awake until 4 o'clock to see it. yet, the only redeeming thing about this movie is Madchen Amy's beauty. I suppose pollacks and nemec's plays are okay, but they have a horrid script to work with. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of texan accents (the movie must take place in austin and very few people have a twang) i think the accents were there (in supporting characters like Mary Margaret's date and John) and were unnecessary. they were also very very bad. I'm so tired of hollywood "southern" accents that doesn't sound like the area where the accent should be. and as it was going to be in austin and shooting movies that would not have been expensive in 1991, I fully expected to be known shots of the city: the beautiful main building, the tower of a winning football game, etc. none of these things were there. It also takes approx. 5-6 hours drive to Mexico from Austin. at some point in the film, michael and his pose take off Mexico to lose their virgins and are able to drive away when it is dark (during the summer and early autumn it will not be dark in austin until 9 pm or so, spending time in Mexico getting drunk and having sex with Mexicans (is there any other kind?) whores, then returning to austin at dawn. While this is theoretically possible, it is not very likely. and if anyone has started school in the mountain country (usually the third week in August, but may have been in September in 1960), they know that unless they want to pass out of heat stroke, they DO NOT carry their jackets !!!! ! in august and september in austin and the surrounding areas it is 90 + degrees. Only people without body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or jackets on the school's first day. All in all, it is very poorly made for TV movie experience.
