Announced by Channel Seven in Australia as the "incredible story", this miniseries dodges itself for the first five minutes by washing over the titular character of childhood and youth in less time than a good director will use to create a single event. This sweep and self-censorship of the fear of offending someone permeates the series, and is ultimately responsible for its failure. <br /> <br /> Robert Carlyle puts a brave performance as the most hated man in the twentieth century, but he is hamstrung by two things. The lack of a decent dialogue coach on the series leaves its North British heritage shining dazzlingly through its physical appearance, and the dialogue is sometimes truly abysmal. Apparently, the fact that Hitler grew up in a Catholic family recognized off limits, but offended millions of Vikings and their descendants by having Carlyle vomit the most ridiculous lines of Valhalla, is perfectly okay. Well, here's a clue to the authors. Anyone familiar with the Viking mythology tells you that Valhalla is about performing honor and strength in battle, two things that the Nazis quickly escaped in favor of rat raising and backstabbing. Until we can wake up to ourselves and realize that the reason why Hitler has never been excommunicated from the Catholic Church is because it would require the embarrassing realization that he was once a member, we will never learn what this terrible period in the history of the world must teach us. <br /> <br /> Now that we have been able to offend Vikings and citizens of Scandinavian countries in this shame, you would think that the series would stop there, but it does not. Stockard Channing's listing in the opening credits was especially eyebrow-raising when her voice was heard, and her face was seen at most during approx. 30 seconds during the opening credits, making it obvious that several recordings of Hitler's early days were shot, but not included because of a typical nanny state's fear of offending anyone. It is also quite ironic that the films or the miniseries, which give a much better insight into Hilters character, do not have him at all. <br /> <br /> Until we learn to stop the sugar coating truth and realize that the citizens of Germany were mostly indefinite for Hitler's views, and not necessarily through ignorance, we will never learn to handle the fact that subversions of democracy (yes, Germany was a democracy before Hitler) can occur anywhere we are convicted. That's the only thing this mini-series was right to portray. Unfortunately, the element is lost in attempts to make Hitler's religious beliefs appear as a much more faithful people and inability to scratch the surface in any part of the subject. David Letterman's show had fixed it as they ran short satirical segments of the series. They could just as well have made a family with them as the star, it is so bad that it was written. All in all, this politically correct farce in a bio image is worth no point, but I gave it two because Robert Carlyle deserves better material than this and he is just about the only thing that works.
