There are so many puns to play on the title of the spectacularly bad Valentine that I don't know where to start. However, I will say this; Here is a movie that makes me long for the complexity of the Valentine cards we used to give out in elementary school. You know, those with Batman exclaiming "You are a super crime-reducing valentine!" Valentine is a slasher film without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror films in recent years, ignoring the scream's influence. The villain is omniscient and almost inviolable. The heroes are slightly scared when people run around corners and grab them by their shoulders screaming "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The result is more overbearing than Norman Bates' mother. The spiked plot follows several childhood women, now adult and extremely curvy. As the film gives them nothing else to do, they stand around waiting for a masked stalker to kill them one by one. This stalker seems to be former nerd Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. With Valentine's Day, women are approaching scary cards that predict their death. Melton seems like the obvious suspect. Only problem is, as many signs warn, in thirteen years, Melton could have changed its appearance to look nice and beautiful. So (insert the terrified gasp here) everyone is a suspect! <br /> <br /> Here's the problem one. To have any kind of excitement while watching Valentine, you must accept a reality where a high school geek is able to become David Boreanaz. The nerds do not turn to the angel when they grow up, they become older, buttocks geeks. He is not a terrible actor, but the manuscript, of no less than four authors, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do, but screams and manages. Denise Richards (the bustiest actress in Hollywood, never stealing in Baywatch) is particularly exploited; most shameful in the blatant excuse to get her in a swimsuit just before a crucial tension scene. Note to yourself: Always take a swimsuit for a Valentine's Day party. Just because it's February doesn't mean you might not want to take a little dip. <br /> <br /> The slasher in Valentine dresses in head to toe black with a cherub mask. Here is problem number two. The film authorities clearly believed that this would be a disturbing image to have on the face of someone who hit people in the face with hot irons. Simple and simple, it is not. Instead, it made me just wonder how a guy with a mask covering his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so beautifully without pushing his rails on chairs or tables. Then again, considering the things Cupid Killer does, he might be teleporting and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie bad, it's not even sure who the killer is; the final "twist" is more "huh?" than "Hah!" When you do not scratch your head, yawn and then groan and search for the nearest exit. Don't watch this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, you will find something else to do. You will be glad you did.
