** SPOILERS ** A bit of ridiculas for television films have sexy and medieval gold engravers Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, making a number on every man she comes into contact with in the movie. First, win over their hearts, then their wallets and then, when they are no longer for her, thrown into the trash as a used Kleenex tissue. Isabelle's first victim is nothing but her fierce, keeping Isabelle from tearing his bank account, man Stewart, John O'Hurley. It is later in the movie where Isabelle becomes very friendly with former plumber, and now yacht-selling Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, that without telling him, the very beloved Richard has a contract for her unsuspecting husband's life. In fact, as soon as he is released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, to do the job at Stewart Richard, he finds out he didn't get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000 in cash for. /> <br /> Gets slightly greedy Daggett not only blew out Stewart's brains, but took a solid gold watch that Stewart offered him to spit his life too. The watch was easily tracked to Daggett when he tried to peasant it at a local jewelry store, where he was quickly arrested. When Doggett played his gut, who hired him to whack Stewart, it didn't take long for the law's long arm to arrest Stewart's by hiring Doggett, killer Isabelle's husband to be ex-plumber and yacht seller Richard Davis! Davis' arrest of police happens just as he and Isabelle took over the law of marriage in a local church! <br /> <br /> Isabelle manipulates everyone, only men who fall over her heels, to her advantage by getting them to do her dirty work. Always playing that part of the naive housewife or widow or lover or even client, Isabelle seems to live a charming life always one step ahead of the law and police. No matter what she does, Isabelle covers her so well that it's almost impossible to tie her down to anyone when others have them, of the many crimes she commits through another party in the movie. <br /> <br /> After screwing next to her first husband, Steven, she became second man, in less than ten seconds, Richard and finally her, or Richard's lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey that it only one is the question of time before the police become wise to her. With D.A, both Richard and Kendrick are turning evidence against her Isabelle, as she now knows that everything is quickly closing in on her, making her final move. Getting everything right by transferring all your money abroad, Isabelle and her 10-year-old daughter Ruby, Lauren Collins, shoots down to the passport office to get clearance, passport, to get out of the country. <br /> <br /> That's when cagey and clever Isabelle make her first and possibly last and fatal mistake in the movie. Isabelle is told by the Pass Consultant, Don Carrier, she will have to wait a full 48 hours for her and Ruby's passport to clear! Just enough time for the police to find and arrest her! Outlandish ending that goes against almost everything and any ethics that is in a film noir or crime film. An end that will not only blow in mind, but your concept of what is right and wrong in the world!
