I'm in Iraq right now doing a job that gives plenty of time to watch movies. We also have access to lots of pirated movies, this gem came with 11 other movies, and it's easily the worst I've seen in a long time. I've seen a few other reviews claiming that this movie doesn't take itself too seriously, but I really think it's a cover for the fact that it's horrible. It's not heavy in the cheek, the authors really thought they were better on the film sheet. This movie is just a tick over the Vampire Assassin, which if you haven't seen, I recommend. At least the movie is so incredibly bad that you will laugh harder than you thought possible. This is right at the cusp of no redeeming qualities, what ever. from the bad acting, to cliché visuals (ie open credits), to the adobe premier special effects. they couldn't even get glosses for weapons, which may have to do with where the film was filmed, but if you want to use effects, make them close to precise. As for the cast, it seems that they just went to a tae bo class and picked up the first not for the ugly chick that went out. Once again, like Ron Hall in the Vampire Assassin, don't let stunt folks, they can't. Also the commentary on this is a "return of old vampire films" ... no it is not. That's exactly what every new vampire movie is about. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, they are about a superstar fighting the vampires. This is the latest vampire genre, with bad blood, false screams and cheesy overflowing. Of course, anyone who wrote a good review about this is somehow connected to the movie or friends of the cast. But what doesn't matter, I paid 33 cents for it. Anyway, to pack it up, someone in their first semester at the film school decided to make a movie, I give them credit because it's better than I could. Of course, I also know that I can't make movies, so I'm not trying. However, I know how to watch movies though. I work 12 hours evening, 6 days a week, I've seen thousands in the year I've been out here, and it was so bad that I had halfway hoped for a mortar attack.
