Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions that one of her children comes out of her hand with her paralyzing annoying jokes that she will never survive this trip. Buoy, is she ever on the money. Karen is a schoolteacher who takes her group of children from the Shepley College of Historical Studies to the sheltered ugly locale of a worn mansion in the great dung pile in Ireland. Surely there are places in this country more appealing to the senses than this? Governor's lawyer Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the road and not to leave the forest. There is a myth about the Sawney Bean Clan, a ritualistic druid cannibalistic inbred family celebrating Samhain (late summer October 31) "The Dead Celebrate", where victims are needed to appetite the spirits. Gary is apparently clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us because he was born on Samhain. Fun because he probably doesn't see the results well or even gives advice exactly. Almost everyone dies (... even those who never walk away from the path) and he doesn't even see his own cruel fate. What this monster we hear breathing is a victim of way too much inbreeding ... its face resembles a malformed fungus and it looks like a horrible rejection from a Mad Max image. It does not take long before the "evil breeder" kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love interest that has made the wrong decision coming to Ireland without his girlfriend's prior knowledge. Terrible formal slasher is not from the norm. It is thin the budget shows high and the signs are assembly line cliches combed once again to be slaughtered in the usual gory ways. Most of the violence flashes quickly over the screen with not much housing on the actions of the breeder's death against his victims. Lots of gut are pulled out during the quick editing savings, as one scene whispers to another. Seeing Gillian Leigh's beautiful naked body for a moment or two is not an incentive enough to recommend it. Phil Price has the really annoying trickster character Steve often throws bad jokes. How can he get Leigh's Barbara naked in the shower because something is something someone is guessing because I have no reason why he would stand a chance with such a hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the lucky role of Shae, the quiet virgin girl (who is also quite warm) whom we know will be the one chosen by the manuscript to survive. Jenna Jameson drops too long enough to get her heart cut out of the chest (at least she sees her breasts shortly before her chest is opened) with a few smaller lines of two missing friends she's looking for. The main problem with the movie is that the story and character development stops because it is realized that none of them are interesting at all, so director Christian Viel only lets his monster fall to run violently and cause bloodbaths and wipe out a whole throw almost in a failed swoop within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a smaller opening cameo as a victim who rejected the road to tent camp with his chick.
