Tourists head to Ireland for a school trip to learn about grapes. What they come across is a horrible tale of cannibalistic kills. <br /> <br /> If I were to sum up the evil race, it would be a low class gore party. The movie mixes Dead Alive, Evil Dead, Wrong Turn all in one. It's just too bad that the movie has so many inconsistencies to keep track of it losing something "fun" you would have seen. The movie has lots of random "horror" nudity ... though the movie also stars four porn stars, yup four, so there could have been many more. Breed also shows a good amount of doing. <br /> <br /> Evil Breed has a terrible start with ridiculous dialogue and horrible acting. It's a given in a straight to video horror movie, but it takes the cake. I can't really figure out who the protagonist is, since the one female who "lives" at the end is not really in the movie so much. Talking about the end, it must be one of the most random and false conclusions in the history of the film. It doesn't make any sense to the rest of the movie, and it just changes a view of the movie. <br /> <br /> You should watch this movie to believe it, as there are some really good death scenes. There are two death scenes that come into my heart, one where the inbred killer rides the intestines out of a naked woman through her breast .... yes the chest, don't ask me. The second id, when the guy gets the intestines, once again, broke out through his asshole. Will that guy be killed? No, the killer continues to stifle the guy with his own gut. These scenes remind me so much about Dead-Alive, with the right amount of humor in each. I also got the feeling of Evil Dead, with the meaningless reviews of horror movies and Sam Raimi. Along with Halloween, when the female character is in a closet screaming for her life with the killer trying desperately, y to enter. Although gore and nudity are not enough for the poor sound and the quality of the visual film. When the teacher wakes up from her bed and walks down the stairs, her footsteps are so loud and hard that it seems like she was wearing boots. Distracting indeed. As well as the continuity of the film, with only one inbred killer? And what character dies at what time. I couldn't tell if the breast implant chicken was Jenny or Gary's sister / cousin ... I can't remember. As well as the random naked chick with a dead baby hanging out of the body, still attached with the umbilical cord. The horrible editing is also distracting, the opening points are too fast and disorienting. It had a bad start and improved, but the end only brings the movie back to a terrible level. If there were better production values ​​and more faith in this movie, it would not have been terribly slaughtered. Stay away from this movie unless you are happy with the below budget terribly bad movie with decent doing.
