I'm a big fan of Spaghetti Western Genre, and I also like most of the cheap ones. However, the infamous director Demofilo Fidani is rightly known for some of the cheapest, trashiest, and worst-case contributions to the genre. The seats of Fidani's films were usually very weak, and when his talent was quite limited, he usually tried to sell the movies by adding well-known Spaghetti Western names like "Django" of "Sartana" to the titles. In the special case of "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" in 1971 he just took the title of Sergio Leone's "Gi첫 La Testa" (aka "Duck You Sucker") and added "Hombre". The film is available under various titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Western Story" ...). I bought it personally under the name "Adios Companeros", which this movie shares with another Fidani movie with almost the same cast, "Per Una Bara Piena Di Dollari", also called "Adios Companeros" in the German language version. The reason is rather weak, it basically follows a guy named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and his involvement with two rivaling offlaw gangs led by butch cassidy (jack betts) and ironhead (gordon mitchell). <br /> <br /> The leading performance of CC Cameron is kindly stated, not very convincing. Nor did I find Jack Betts very good as 'Butch Cassidy'. However, B-movie legend Gordon Mitchell is always worth a try, and although he probably wasn't a very good actor, I always found his performances in the Spaghetti Westerns quite funny and original, and he actually saved some of Fidani's movies (like the pretty crappy ") Django and Sartana ... Showdown in the West "). There is a very funny and original thing about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - the great Klaus Kinski plays a priest! I could have imagined Kinski in every role, but before I saw this movie I would never have guessed that anyone would throw him as a priest. Once again, Kinski is great, even though he only has a little screen time, and a scene where he breaks up a fight is probably the only good scene in this. One more interesting thing about this movie is that the legendary director and king of sleaze Joe D'Amato did the cinematography. <br /> <br /> "Gi첫 La Test ... Hombre" is a cheap, crappy movie, but anyway, it has some fun moments. Being a spaghetti-western enthusiast I found it fun to watch, but if you are not, remember this movie or watch it only for the purpose of watching Kinski play a priest. 3.10
