In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began to make pictures. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally churned out in very fast order. The short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libbed. As a result, even though they were popular on their day, the movies were just awful with today's standards. Many of them carry a strong resemblance to home movies with unpleasant relatives who curl for the camera. Many others show the characters walking in front of the camera and doing virtually nothing. And regardless of the result, Keystone sent them directly to theaters. My assumption is that all movies at this time must have been pretty bad, as the Keystone movies with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin, who we know and love today, only began to develop later in Chaplin's career with Keystone. In 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios and the films were dramatically improved with Chaplin as director. But at times these films were still very rough and not very memorable. No, Chaplin as the sweet Little Tramp was still evolving. In 1916, when he switched to Mutual Studios, his film was once again improved, and he became the more recognizable nice guy - in many of the earlier films, he was just a jerk (either to be drunk and beat women and provoked matches with innocent people, etc.). The final development of his little tramp to classical status arose in the 1920s as a result of his full-length film. Interestingly, this movie is called TTY MINUTES OF LOVE, as the film only lasts approx. 10 minutes! Oh good. The reason why little is there involves Little Tramp in the park. A couple wants to neck but inexplicably, Charlie insists on practically sitting on the couple's lap and really annoying them. I can't understand why and the short made up of Charlie wandering about the park annoyingly these people and some others later in the movie. Maybe he was looking for a triangle, I don't know. But the film lacks coherence and is just not very fun - even when people start to beat each other and push each other into the lake. A typical bad action before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.
