First, it deserves approx. 5 stars because of actors (some who would give me a better subjective opinion and not an objective as it should by giving it a successful star), but then I know that these facts are used for the actor (S) NAMES to increase rating something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; another attempt (like "untraceable") of a systematic propagandist function that promotes government intrusion on your rights (how interesting it comes in a moment when IPS providers are trying to "prefer" = CENSOR information, and the Americans and Canadians are fighting against each other in these moments). this time is not detecting torrent file transfers as evil (one was meant to remind you of such a feeling when transferring data online) but by literally attempting to create a sexually frustrated population as a whole. SEEMS LIKE FEAR PROMOTION is HOLLYWOOD'S NORM THIS DAYS, especially when you come to thrillers who are the most "on demand" movie genre in the last 2 decades or so, most often, the best way to try to influence society as a whole. Such levels of violence are depicted in these 2 traits by moral and "ethical" people that give a new needed meaning to "anti-heroes" characters. Make no mistake, this is not "DEXTER" that was supposed to be high quality entertainment. STOP SALE "FEAR" please, the world would be a better place without it and the dollars thereof. <br /> <br /> The opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes really gives a scary picture of an Erroll Babbage who only has sexual frustration. The way he handles the black man is very disturbing if it is not completely racist (at least a "cliche") (in fact, someone will probably get a blow for what you want to see, what I mean). The second scene (with Claire Danes character figure) is even more extreme. at that time I realized that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous person to people around him. How many people who have seen or want to watch this movie have never been "hold" (on both sexes) outside of themselves, Common Satisfaction! Typically, the movie gives an extreme CRIMINAL case (which unfortunately did and will probably happen sometime sometime) BUT all others indirectly as well as "you could be it" etc. Anyone familiar with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something to be judged, let alone "asses" of such fanatical "hero" here. Surely sex in its many forms is healthy and not evil, which apparently Richard Gere's character is obsessed with on the way to some sexual "crusade". Have we not learned anything from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young boys! or how long an American teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13" but he can't even see a woman's breast for "R-18"!?!? (But the industry targets them with this very similar sexual perversion as "American Cake" series.) Touch the child tester at one level, but frustrate them and drive them underground to develop fetishes for unhealthy EXTREMES! all sexual activities (by MUTUAL acceptance) integrate individuals better than some "fair" emergency cases, blowing their accidents and deficiencies on "the lives of others" (a new German movie that would work well in comparing this two distinct and world apart functions in the same topic). As in that movie, you'll probably appreciate the actors too well to reproduce the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed by Richard Gere especially after the latest "hunting party", a feature where he really shines and about a more realistic "hero" (even after real facts). But then it reminds me that all these people are only actors who get paid to play the political and social agenda of others. "the herd" and "untraceable" 2 heads of the same hidden animal))) it reminds you if anyone with similar views on the subject knows as a whole that Erroll Babbage has them here to stay free of them for THEIR own security . they would kill my family faster, as any 0.00001 chances for Paul Jerrod in everybody's life would ... ultimately I recommend to anyone who thinks negatively about my "assesment" of this particular movie (and "untraceable" actually) so you can probably have similar thoughts as I did. nothing sweeter than a propagandic film that shoots itself in the "foot."))) once I agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teenagers or children; simply because at best would confuse them even more than the "common" belief in "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "screaming" series and films as such have at least a defined entertainment value (though it is a stupid in my opinion). but this is just another "believe me, I know what is good for you" deep (not so well done, I can add) subliminal messages.
