Although the FLOCKEN has some great good plays by veteran Richard Gere, and some odd shots that might pick some back to the SILENCE OF LAMBS LIGHT, the film stretches the credibility to the breakpoint and destroys itself against a plot that really doesn't lead anywhere. br /> <br /> The film is about Erroll Babbage (Gere), who works for the security department and prepares to retire. His office evokes him his replacement, Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly discovers that Babbage is occupied with his job. And that job is not that fun. He oversees hundreds of sexual offenders who are on parole in their jurisdiction. Allison joins Erroll on many calls to check on his "flock" of offenders and learns he is in desperate need of retirement. But Erroll is good at his work, even though his methods are not. He cheats sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. Erroll justifies his actions by raising the past of these deviants. It is this "good reason" that challenges the audience at some level so we can see how brutal Erroll is and yet how ignorant he has become (by being too close to his job). <br /> <br /> When a teenage girl disappears into Erroll's "territory," he immediately jumps out of the conclusion that she was abducted by one of his flock. But how could he know it? Erroll so good at his job? Allison challenges him and Erroll pushes back. Their battles are as tough as Erroll's need to find this missing girl. <br /> <br /> Although the setup for the story was okay, it had no umpf! I want to give credit to Richard Gere who, however, plays Erroll character very well. Fighting retirement. Worried about everyone close to his flock. Disgusted with those he is responsible for overseeing. Disgusted with himself to do some things he does. Totally changing character for Gere. But besides him there is not much else. Some of the sets are okay (dark and dangerous), but there are so many other issues to be ridiculous. I am the first to admit that suspending disbelief is a requirement when watching movies. But this suspension has limits. The biggest push against these limits is the destruction of extremely important crime scenes. Someone who careful as Erroll would know that moving a body would be a big no-no. Or tramp through a crime scene. Or move evidence. It went on and hurt the film to no end. <br /> <br /> The other harmful part of this movie is that we never get into Clair Danes character, Allison. She's almost fallen by the end of the movie, and we're never thrilled with what her intension might be: Will she stay or leave? Will she end up with Erroll if she stays? This is not a horrible movie as it touches on some unpleasant moral reasons, but the story as a whole needed to be tightened up.
