This is how ... you put in the DVD and the most professional look you see in the next ninety minutes is the distribution company logo. And at this point you know you've just moved around. People are generally proud to assume that if something is put on DVD, it will be at a certain level - at least economical, if not creative. But unfortunately this is not the case. Distributors are delighted to bring together amateur movie DVDs and send them straight into the stores to await the unsuspecting buyer drawn by the well-appointed DVD cover. The emphasis behind this particular project is most likely independent horror films by Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name may be known by genre refinements as he is responsible for various other low-budget werewolf films - "Werewolf Rage", "Werewolf Tales" and "Werewolf Tales". so on. "Werewolf's blood" consists of three short independent werewolf stories without any connection other than the fact that they deal with hereditary shapeshifters. The first segment, "Blood Reunion", sets the tone for everything. A man returns to his hometown to look up a girl who was in love, only to discover that her dominant grandmother refuses to let her have relationship with men and for some reason related to one dark family secret. This submission is poorly directed, poorly directed and essentially nothing better than what you can throw yourself with a couple of friends and a home camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and is controlled by Lindenmuth himself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a shapeshifter, and the other wants to get that power. Her wish is given, but she does not become the creature she imagines. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than the other filmmakers who worked on this project, but still not enough to raise it above the level of an amateur movie. <br /> <br /> And finally, we have "Manbeast" where some army guys run through the forest while being chased by two other fellows. They want to kill him as he has been bitten by the animal and is believed to be dangerous, but it may not be all that it seems. This one has an interesting concept, but it is stretched out to be too long, and if you don't guess what "twist" is in the first ten minutes, then you're probably not too bright. This is basically summed up in the problem of this entire DVD ... a few good ideas are not enough to justify spending money on something like this. After all, would you pay for a picture you could have painted yourself?
