"Spielberg loves the smell of mood in the morning. But sentiment at the expense of narrative honesty? No one should love it." - Lucius Shepard <br /> "The Color Purple" takes place in Deep South in the early 1900s and tells the story of Celie and Nettie, two African-American sisters. The film opens with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers, an idyllic paradise that is immediately crushed by the appearance of their pin. This motif ?? innocence interrupted by men ?? permeates the entire movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is then launched in a series of short sequences. Celie is revealed to have been twice impregnated by her stepfather, giving birth to a dirty lad, her newborn baby has taken away and is forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson, a violent oaf who rapes her repeatedly Walk and force her to cook, clean, and take care of his children. All these horrific scenes get a small screen time and are surrounded by moments of pixie dust filmography, a mediocre symphonic score, spooky comedy, and overly incredible camera work. The cumulative effect is like the fusion of a Disney cartoon and a rape list, a sharp aesthetic that made Stanley Kubrick notice that "The Color Purple" made him so nauseous that he had to turn it off after ten minutes. Ten minutes? He lasted a long time. <br /> <br /> The movie is often said to address "racism", "sexism" and "black culture", but it is not true. Alice Walker, the author of the novel on which the film is based, claims to be bisexual, but is actually a creation lesbian. Her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story of female liberation and self-discovery that paints men as violent brethren who steal women. For Walker, the only way out of this maze for women is to tie in a kind of lesbian utopia, black sisterhood and female independence celebrated. <br/> <br /> Spielberg's film re-strikes Walker's story through the lens of comforting American mythologies. This is a film in which the saving power of Christianity overcomes human cruelty. A movie in which Albert finds himself in various ridiculous situations is moments of misplaced comedy deployed to make him look like a bumbling fool. A movie in which all the characters are derived from racist minstrels play, the casting consisted of lying men (always brilliant with devilish smiles and tooth glitter), stereotypical fat mammals, jazz bands, and evangelical choirs. <br /> <br /> This is a movie where black people are naturally childish, easy and happy to accept their social relationships. A movie where black people are overbearing, carnal sensualists dominated by violent passions. A film in which poverty and class problems are completely invisible (Albert lives in a large house) and black men are completely incomplete. This is not the old south, this is the old south that came from "Gone With The Wind", MGM Muscals, "South of South", Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and banned Disney movies. In other words, it is south as seen by a child raised on the 50s television. It's all so cartoonish, so racist as it reduces these people to one-dimensional ethnic stereotypes. The black novelist Ishmael Reed resembled that of a Nazi conspiracy. Of course, in typical Spielberg fashion movies ending with family bonds will be cured. This reconciliation was in Walker's novel, but Spielberg goes on to have each character in the story unite with their chin. <br /> <br /> In addition to Walker's hate letter to black men and Spielberg's bizarre caricature of the black life, we are shown nothing of the black community. We only have the vigilant ideas on how any of these characters live and do not have insight into how they interact with others in their community. Instead, Spielberg's camera jumps, desperately fighting for our attention (one of Celie's kitchen interventions looks like it belongs to a "Home Alone" movie), all emotions are played over, the director never stops to just observe something or leave one little bit of life to simply over. Pair this with Quincy Jones' ridiculously "white" music and you have one of the weirdest movies in movie history: an angry feminist channel filmed by a white Jew in the form of Disney and Griffith, scored by a black man trying to imitating John Williams. <br /> <br /> The lack of white characters is also problematic. Consider this: The men in this movie are not portrayed as being gross to each other, nor do they dominate women because they are brutalized by a racist society that reduces their crew. No, they are cruel by nature. And the women, whether they are quiet as Celie or rebellious and harsh as their sister, continue and survive only because the men are too stupid to destroy them. A better movie would not only have focused on the oppression of women, as it appears among the oppressed, but it would have shown that it is abusive for society to force abuse that monotone black women are forced to do the same tasks as their male counterparts (while still meeting traditional female roles), and that African-American domestic violence is mainly due to economic factors, women cannot support themselves and their children. <br /> <br /> Then there's a hidden ideology at work here. Most recently in the film, a character tells another that since he did not respect his wife, she settled on being severely beaten and imprisoned by whites. The implication is that blacks must return to their African roots to restore their own dignity and that it is their fault that whites unjustly crush them. i.e. Respect each other in your poor minority community and you will not run out of the dominant white culture. <br /> <br /> 3/10 - An inability to confront sex and lesbianism, inappropriate music tracks, countless sequences read with foreign visual pizazz, incongruous comics, emphatic musical teachings, and wildly hyped emotionality all contribute to Make "The Color Purple" worthless.
