First of all I would like to say that I love the play "Ladies' Man" at SNL. I always laugh at Tim Meadows' portrayal of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a film of own length. Seeing Leon make his show and make obscene comments to his listeners and come up with all sorts of segments for his show, "The Ladies Man Presents ...", reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." is absolutely fun. There's a big episode where Cameron Diaz plays role-playing Monica Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and they call it "The Oral Office." Look, it's fun !!! <br /> <br /> In the film we don't see Leon on the show too often. In fact, he is kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot is about his quest for true love, which involves a mystery letter rejected on his houseboat, signed by "Sweet Thing". Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary at "Fresh Prince of Bel Air," works with him on the show and has a secret love of Leon. The movie just piles on a dull subplot after another. And the gags are also boring. The first time we see Leon mentioning the word "wang", it's pretty funny. When he uses it over and over again, probably trying to laugh, the joke has run dry. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are jokes we heard before, and made better on the SNL outline and played boring for an hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert a musical number by Will Ferrell and his gang of Ladies' Man haters, who will all ruin him because their wives had an affair with him to bring some life into this innocent comedy. Ferrell has some fun moments and tries to make the most of an otherwise unfunny role. Ferrell just has the unique comic talent, and he's fun at almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. Looking at her, you can't wonder: "What the hell is an Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie ?? !!!!" Her name was not mentioned in the opening credit - probably by her consent. And of course, a movie of this theme should include the love lover, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as always, but even he cannot breathe enough life into this movie. I also have to add that the soundtrack is filled with soft R&B hits, which degrades the movie even more and gives it a terrible downbeat tone - as if the script is not boring enough. I think this is "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would have been appropriate for something like "Love Jones." <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" has only occasional laughs. There are exceptions where SNL can produce a fantastic movie out of a short sketch. See both Wayne's World movies and you'll see how it's done. But this movie, like adapting Mary Catherine Gallagher's character to screen in "Superstar", shows the flip side. Some sketches are meant to be remembered on SNL and not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
