Many of the protagonists of Hideo Gosha's 1969 movie "Hitokiri" (murderer, aka "Tenchu" - the punishment of heaven) were actual historical figures (in "western" noun format): Ryoma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada, ___ Anenokoji. The name "Hitokiri" refers historically to a group of four super-warriors who carried out numerous killings of key figures in the ruling Tokugawa Shogunate in the mid-1800s under the orders of Takechi, the leader of the "loyalist" (ie, ultra-nationalist , pro-emperor fraction of the Tosa clan. What was this battle for? Sad to say you won't find out in this movie. "Brilliant History Lesson"! No, Gosha is much more interested in showing you the usual bloody cutting and dicing and (on absurd length) the heartfelt torment of the non-very bright killer Izo Okada than in revealing actual story. For example, Sakamoto was a person of historical importance who is considered to be the father of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The closest Gosha is going to give a story lesson is the scene where Sakamoto, as Takechi considers traitor to the loyalist cause, comes to Takechi's mansion to try to hover him ideologically. He starts talking about the international political situation, with foreign warships in Japan's ports and a Japan that is too weak to defend itself against them. Do you want to know more? Pardon. Gosha cut off this potentially fascinating lecture in the middle of the sentence (!). So much to inform his audience about a turning point in Japanese history. <br /> <br /> The movie left me in complete confusion about the goal of the two sides in this battle. In the two and a half centuries that the Shogunate had central power in Japan, it was an institution dedicated to preventing social change to preserve the federal federal relations. It was fear of outside pollution, both ideologically and technologically. In keeping with this spirit, it forbade firearms, the smoothing instruments in Europe and America, which a farmer could have stood up for a samurai. During this period, the emperor was nothing but a spiritual figure. <br /> <br /> However, in the cities that stood in neutral zones between the feudal fiefdoms, a new class of traders, homeowners and craftsmen developed the class known in Europe by its French name, the bourgeoisie. Inevitably, when this new class was strengthened, it clattered against the feudal community's many limitations. As in Europe, the king (emperor) became the central figure in the bourgeoisie's struggle for power against the feudal aristocracy. But political leadership does not always fully understand the interests of the class it serves. When the outside world arrived with a bang in 1853 in the form of American Admiral Perry's "Black Ships", the ruling elite in Japan was thrown into a crisis. Their military was no match for these foreigners. They had also heard of the destruction that the British and French imperialists were in China. What should Japan do to save itself from the fate of its weak neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements of the usually insulating Shogunate were likely to open foreign trade to get some of their advanced technology. This is the point of view represented (just barely) in the movie of Sakamoto. On the other hand, the Emperor-loyal ultra-nationalists, represented by Takechi, believed that they could hold foreigners in power if they could only prevent the other faction from "selling the land." (Sound familiar?) Thus, the murder of the most important Shogunate characters is in order - and away we go. <br /> <br /> For me, Takechi's motivation was for me the movie's greatest puzzle. Gosha suggests that he fights mainly for his personal progress rather than for the loyalist cause. Can we take this to represent the loyalist's tenor as a whole? (Don't you care?) Several reviewers have compared this movie positively with "Goyokin", as Gosha did in the same year. But where "Goyokin" is a bursting, exciting adventure yarn with a hero that is sympathetic, "Hitokiri" is plodding, not nearly as compelling and lacking such a hero. Sakamoto could have been this movie's hero, but we must not know him - or what he stands for - well enough to achieve this status. Considering his amazing results for five former Kurosawa movies, Masaru Sato's score here was very disappointing, which sounds like something rejected from a "Bonanza" episode. <br /> <br /> Barry Freed
