Remember a movie you seemed to enjoy in the past that doesn't quite satisfy the same feelings as an adult? It happened to me when I went back to school. National Lampoon's Class Reunion. The movie has a perfect laugh, but surprisingly goes smoothly as we see a bizarre collection of characters, such a woman who sold her soul to the devil and can shoot out flames of fire from her mouth, a man who seems to be a vampire and a lunatic killer dressed as a woman and carrying sacks over his head. You have the class president, who thinks he's the best thing since the slices (but as we see in the movie, he's a nap and a joke), a few cold smokers who don't even know they're in their own classroom, and a man named Gary, who knows that someone himself knew existed (and no one can seem to remember his name. It's the running joke I enjoyed). There is a plump pervert who likes to grab women in inappropriate places, a deaf and blind woman who has a screaming holler when she calls her dog and the chef (you know her from "goonies" and "Throw Mama From The Train ") who loves to place food on people's plates with their hands! The film is essentially about a nutcase that is (or at least tries to) avenge its classmates for a gag they drew on him (they made sure he was sleeping with his own twin sister!). The film follows the characters as they search for the killer who blows dark, rubbish times at the old high school. They were told about the murderer of his psychologist who seems a little strange himself. The film has a few good gags that work (pretty early), but the film slowly gets worse every minute. The real problem with the movie is that it really doesn't know where to go. The movie is basically a one-joke prerequisite for it to have uncertain direction .. if it really has any direction at all. The cast is enthusiastic enough, but the material they have to make fun just doesn't have any quality to hold any interest. It's a curiosity for fans of 80-year-old comedy topics forgotten (rightly so).
