I went to see this movie with the most positive expectations. I had seen Jacquette's previous film (March of the Penguins) and had heard a very positive review of this on the radio. However, I was seriously disappointed. Most of all, this movie is terribly boring. Literally nothing happens. I tried to describe the film's content to a friend, and we both ended up laughing because I could only come up with things like "Well, come winter, and then spring, and then there is an eagle and a river and once it is dark, and the girl goes in a cave, and another time the fox has babies "and so on. After approx. half an hour I started to sigh, yawn, rolled my eyes and cursed the reviewer at the radio station and hoped it would soon be over. But the movie went over and over again. When it finally ended, I had sunk so deep into my chair that I must have seen something similar to Stephen Hawking. The most annoying parts of the movie are (a) The girl, of course, there to give children someone to identify with. She has the same clothes throughout the film (one year), and shows exactly two facial expressions: Joy and Seriousness. She is sweet, no doubt about it. But a film about the beauty of nature like this would have done better without her too human presence. I found myself constantly and hoped she could be eaten by a bear, drowned in the river or something similar terribly. (b) Comment from the girl's adult voice, which tells us nothing but negligible, overtly, dull, superfluous. (c) The music, which desperately lacks subtlety. When the girl happily jumps around, the music also jumps around. When the fox is threatened by an eagle, the music also becomes threatening. It reminded me of the very early days of film making, and it was just too predictable to enjoy. Of course, many of the children who watched the movie with me were, at least, involved in some way. Thus, my warning concerns only adults: If you are over ten years old, avoid this movie. You can get a better (and cheaper) sleep at most other places.
