I used to review videos for Joe Bob Briggs' legendary "We Are The Weird" newsletter. I saw many stinkers, but it was by far the worst, and the years have not been friendly - it is the most indecent crime against the cinema I have ever witnessed. Don't make me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than eg. MONSTER-A-GO-GO or GUY FROM HARLEM or some of it. What strengthens her claim as the worst movie of all time for me is its unique blend of just skill with stubborn regret. Is there a Vietnam comment? An ecological protest? An incentive to run riot? A study of human inhumanity to man? A new exercise in cushioning of natural film to (almost) function length? In short: a hep young city professional (possibly the most frightening screen character ever) somehow seduces a nubile Asian-American federation into camping in the woods with him. After breathing her with quasi-philosophical clapping for more than an hour, they run over two migratory veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis (a fair brother) and Troubadour (Guitar-Toting Manson Family reject). Hey, a plot twist! Excitement! Action! Excitement! Well, no, it's just a climatically locking-in-one-for-time-wire-chicken-coop-and-easy-belittled scene. That victim gazes loosely at the prisoners and nuts: "No ... no please please ... not ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis Troubadour as "Trouby" once every two minutes notes nothing as much as the alien star in Juan Picquere's POD PEOPLE. It's all about everything that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a synopsis may make it seem almost acceptable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has remained the last eight years since I first saw it, the worst. (I pop it in the old VCR once every two years or just to reassure myself and assure myself of what I definitely do.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so particularly hateful is: very little happens, and even though the little one does happen happens quite badly and quite slowly, what really makes it uneven, the suffocating feeling that the filmmakers really do want to push a kind of message into the throat. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was meant by a bourgeois lesson was a crash course in intense visual disturbances. This film is 75 minutes long and feels like three and a half hours. It's terrible, really really terrible. People, trust me, I saw GHOSTS, who still goes, and this is worse. Go see it! You want to thank me. And curse me. Just for the post, my favorite line: (In CAGED TERROR but maybe ever) "Yes, you probably think that Solomon's song was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: Must be delivered in a concerted concert tone.)
