Please humor me if you want, for a moment while I read you behind the ALLEY CAT VHS box. It says that: <br /> <br /> In this part of the city, every street is a dead end - on every corner something to buy - every time another way to die - To survive you must be the best - Like Alley Cat. Alley Cat- this lady owns the night. On the streets where even the predators become victims, she knows how to survive. Cross her and you've run out of happiness. Alley Cat- This animal is awakened. <br /> <br /> Now, it's not one of the most pathetic blurbs you've ever heard in your life? The one who wrote it must be insane if they thought that such a horrible description could tempt us to watch the video. Nevertheless, whatever faceless person was responsible for the tragic use of English, doing their work was good. The film contained in the small plastic case is as bad as it sounds and saw some. <br /> <br /> Karin Mani plays the title role, and the manuscript essentially tells her during any given scene to either a) Pout as a goldfish b) Kick male or c) Show her feminine "attributes". No complaints about the latter, but with regard to the other two. Let's just say she's not much of an actress and is even less convincing as a martial arts expert. But even Meryl Streep with Cynthia Rothrock's body (what a scary thought) would fail to save this movie. The unfolding of the plot is boring beyond belief, as we get an inappropriate giant sequence after enough, pausing only for the hysterical courtroom shenanigans and the occasional gag-inducing love scene with the interestingly named Robert Torti. The camera work also follows a similar shame, with far too many unnecessary close-ups and continuity errors abound. <br /> <br /> The part that I think really summarizes this scum bucket of a movie is where our heroine is sexually assaulted and finds himself witnessing a corrupt judge while her healthy child battles read her from the box . Not only does he release himself despite the overwhelming evidence against him, but she herself is imprisoned for being bold to protest against the verdict before his honor. Behind bars she has a group of showers, a lesbian crush, a couple of cat games and a nice, sweaty game of volleyball before being released on bail to continue her fight. This ten-minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the movie, and the script ends to include it. I can only imagine that the producers wanted to add a little more T&A to the mix and came up with this superfluous subplot as a means of reaching that end. What kind of question is this an exercise movie or a serious drama? Nor is it my answer to that. It is not fun or camp enough to appeal to the Troma-style cinema, and it certainly does not characterize the exploration of a woman's struggle against the system .. solely because it is so terribly made. So who on earth wants to see it? Lunatics, I guess .. or IMDb proofreaders, which last up to 3 pm and see some old nonsense on the box while trying to get to bed. Unfortunately, I occasionally failed and horrors will remain with me for some time. Don't make the same mistake I made. Have a hot milk or something .. 1/10
