I see a lot of positive reviews on this forum and are trying to revive this movie from its noisy status and start a cult following. I see the usual ranting - "I suppose this movie is just not too easily offended," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? Neither was "Road Trip"! And I laughed my ** during that movie! There is a way to make a raw, tasteless comedy and laugh; And there's a way to ... just make it raw and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be "Swingers" without whites or intelligence. It seems to be written through a 14-year-old boy's puerile eyes. For God's sake, the characters in this movie must be white collars, upright citizens - and they talk like some of the idiots I knew in freshman years at high school! The dialogue is twisted - more like drowned - with four letters. You would think people in their status would have some degree of intelligence - and a more comprehensive vocabulary. Just watch a Whit Stillman movie and you will see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds completely unrealistic and fair cartoonish. If you know of any successful white collar business people talking like the characters in this movie - let me know and introduce myself to them. Their annoying sexual treasure is similar to that of the standard cabinets, which are teenagers who just come to puberty. There is absolutely no insight into relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It's just a bad excuse to show off a series of extreme - and don't take the word "extreme" for granted, because I mean it with all my heart - raw gags. These are gags without fabric. Gags that are meant more for groans than laughs. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was completely unnamed and completely convincing. There are some movies that involve interaction among women written by (equal) men and play wonderfully. This scene involves a barrier to sexual metaphors and movements. It involves that kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of the noticeably-written-by-a-guy scenes. I didn't believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is just a sick male fantasy that is as flat as it is annoying. I was (very) grieved by this completely forgettable comedy and it was probably the result of desperation. When you don't laugh for a long time, you are desperately looking for humor in the most trivial things. So I wouldn't mark it as positive.
