Being a music student myself, I thought a movie in a conservatory could be fun to watch. Little did I know ... (I didn't know this movie was based on a book by Britney Spears) This movie was impossible everywhere. It is obvious that the one who wrote the script never sat down in a winter garden and didn't know anything about classical music. Let me give you a few examples: 1) There is no way anyone would be admitted to a classic conservatory without classical training at all! Just having a good pop voice is not enough, besides it is another thing altogether - another genre, different technique. It's like playing violin when applying for a viola class. 2) How did the lady teach music theory in the song jury? If she wasn't a singing professor herself, she wouldn't have anything to say in such a situation, and if she was a singing professor, why wasn't that told us? 3) Being able to read music is a necessity if you are important in music. 4) How did Angela get the videotape? It would have been confidential, just for the jury's eyes. Now she has either got the ribbon from one of the professors, or the screenwriters didn't have a clue. I wonder which ... 5) The singing professor gave the Holly Carmen the song and said she had the "area" she clearly did not. Yes, she was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo soprano, while Holly's voice seemed to be much lighter in timbre, not at all compatible with that song. 6) Worst of all: not only does the movie show a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but it doesn't even try to hide it. The aria Angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact that is painfully obvious in the contemplation, where it is cut in a shameful way - Mozart would roll over into his grave. Habanas from Carmen also sounded a little weird, and the way it was rearranged eventually shows just how little producers really think of classical music - it's stiff and boring, but hey, add some drums and electric guitars, and it's almost so good as Britney Spears! I know these are all minor details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little study. In any case, I could have chosen to suspend my disbelief if the signs and plot were well elaborated. But without that, I really can't find any redeeming qualities in this movie except one: it's good to laugh.
