I was thrilled when I heard that they finally made this horrible event into a movie. The whole era (1980s Southern California) and the subject (fabric and porn industry) are exciting to me. I thought it would be a safe fire hit. I was not thrilled with the choice of Kilmer as Holmes, they do not resemble each other in physical appearance or manner. I guess he sells tickets? But I was willing to overlook this and give it a fair shot. I was a little shocked that there were only four other people in the whole theater with me on the first day of viewing. Now the whole crime and the story in the movie is hard to do, I will admit. There was no witness to this very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he spoke to the police about it. In fact, Holmes has never really testified about what happened and the crime was unresolved. So this was still really a great mystery, a mystery that this movie does nothing to shed light. The one who wrote the play had a lot of discretion and most of the protagonists have died. However, there is no real story, it's fragmented claptrap. The script is easy, and the actors are trying hard to cut paper thin lines by overactivation. The film gives no insight into Holmes or the others involved. Kilmer's character disappears for long stretches, his girlfriend is boring, the police are jokes. Even Kudrow tries hard to get a thin role look significant. It's a very low piece and I dare say boring. The director even tries to make it a love story. It's good, unless you know what a piece of trash John Holmes really was. Maybe a few views of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" might have helped here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in all respects. This film, on the other hand, was flat and without any real charm or style. Although the music is out of place, with Duran Duran played in a scene that should have taken place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could have been a good movie based on this cruel event, but I haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen yet another decent one (unless you're considering the Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Nights).
