Takashi Shimizu had a fantastic opportunity to remake his original movie Ju-On The Grudge. Although I have not seen that movie, I would have to bet that there is more imagination and originality (or some rip off originality, that is, skill with known troops from the Japanese ghost film) than in his own directed remake. Perhaps the script was written somehow has some kind of angry appeal, or I would guess availability for an American audience. What begins with some potential - the hint of something very turned up with Bill Pullman's sudden movement - just goes into a total jumble. And as a horror movie? Gimme a break. Excitement could have been built on the situation - a nurse must take care of a disturbed woman in a haunted home - but he submits everything he wants his audience to feel. Scares? How is it about some music timed so you know when to exactly expect something. A black cat? Yes, why not just make the ghost-boy case sound like a frightful cat, which is really scary only if you want cats. Reason? Why not just mix past and present without any kind of actual flow of how a story could be told (meaning while the returns are inserted and thought to be organic with the story in general, they are not) or for that matter worry us someone in the casting. <br /> <br /> At that time, the characters or those who are exposed have come around to tell us what's going on or anything that is poorly taken into account. The film production is shoddy (ie 180 degree rule has been broken many times over and not in a forgiving or exciting way), and the performance is wood, even when you look scared or shocked (Gellar is especially disappointing, but Pullman, who appears later on its first scene is very disappointed). Even when Shimizu tries for some average old "Boo" scams, which when the woman is in the office building and chased by the Grudge ghost, it's still stupid. Just see when she goes on that elevator and the ghost is in the background for shots. Either you want to go with it and if so more power to you, or you will live hysterically on the results. Count me in the latter. <br /> <br /> I'm not quite sure where this project went wrong - was it Shimizu who had to change it to the studios or that he didn't give enough room for his renewal of his vision? Or maybe Raimi had something to say in it and made things more confusing and / or boring than they would be with someone else. Grudge gives us a lot of information that makes no sense or at least gives us something to chew on. It is the cineplex trash can of a sad order.
