Well, what are the odds! At the exact time when some redneck amateur scientists discover cave paintings suggesting that some type of dinosaur monster may have inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor breaks into the lake and spontaneously bursts a monster's egg lying there ?? For over a thousand years I assume! "Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that has to be literally seen to be believed, but it makes you better in the company of many friends and a pile of ganja to make it healthier a little easier to digest. Yes, it's a horrible movie with the utmost ramshackle manuscript that is imaginable and many irrelevant padding intervals that are even embarrassing, but it's also irresistibly charming and so lumpy that you simply have to love some kind of love for it. Half of the movie ?? at least ?? is about Arnie and Mitch's crazy adventures. These two local yokles own and run a rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days picking their noses and arguing over fascinating things like spelling the word "bait". It is mostly during their prototypical Laurel & Hardy situations that new blood puffs or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic but not exactly sharp Sheriff, is on the case, but only if he is not too busy hunting large townspeople traveling through the area. Halfway through the movie there is suddenly a sudden scene of a robbery that robs a wine shop and kills two people in the process. This textbook "WTF" moment seems to take on the entire complete side of the country, as in New York City or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events taking place at Crater Lake. Only twenty minutes later, the robber returns to Hicksville and there is a "thrilling" hunt through the woods ending in Dino's hungry nose. The absurd little details in "The Crater Lake Monster" are too many to mention! For example, this is probably the only creation feature in which players discover the mandatory giant footprint after they have already seen the actual monster. Goofs in continuity should be legendary as far as I'm concerned. It's like everyone forgot to pay attention to it. Night turns into twilight into today and back to twilight ?? all during one and the same daily course! The monster is undoubtedly the best aspect of the movie, especially since it is achieved through good old-fashioned and adorable stop-motion effects. The sweet critter is a Plesiosaur; which means an aquatic dinosaur resembles a cross between Denver The Last Dinosaur and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable movie experience that I can only encourage to track! The miserable 1 out of 10 rating is just out of the principle (and because the basics are that this is a very bad movie) should be viewed in perspective, as I might as well have given it 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment value.
