**** Don't read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of "The Crater Lake Monster" to be a total surprise. <br /> <br /> A Claymation Plesiosaur rises from the depths of Crater Lake to destroy a group of local rednecks, not to mention your fast-forward button. Calling "The Crater Lake Monster" amateur is overestimating the obvious. If you are not a fan of low budget drive-in movies, you probably won't see it in the first place. <br /> <br /> The problem with the movie is that when there is no monster action, it really sucks and goes nowhere. The script is very Ed Wood-ish, as it is entirely structured in the way it creates the main action sequences. Nothing is too incredible for "The Crater Lake Monster". It explains its dinosaur by having a meteor crash in Crater Lake, the 'superheating' water to the point where it incubates a dinosaur egg that apparently has been lying at the bottom of the lake for millennia. Although we could accept that the egg could have been lying there for so long and remained uncovered and viable, would it not "overheat" the water to such a high temperature because most of the lake evaporated? Apart from some token fog in one or two scenes, we see no sign that the water is hot, except for a few lines in the script. The script is padded, apparently in a few sequences, and it will do everything to get the characters near the lake so they can be threatened by the claymation dino. A couple who just go through experiences car problems and while their car is being serviced, they decide to rent a boat and run out into Crater Lake. Hmmmm ... do you think these strangers in history could be there so they would run into our title monstrosity? In an order that is just bizarre, a drunkard robs a wine shop and decides to murder the cashier and a bystander instead of paying four dollars for a bottle of booze. A car hunt follows and you wouldn't know it ... they end right at the lake. Snack time for Cratey! Yes, it's not hard to figure out, and you're so far ahead of the script that you're annoyed when it takes another ten minutes for these scenes to unfold. <br /> <br /> The shamelessness of it all is endearing, and I really want to "The Crater Lake Monster". I just can't do it. There is not enough here to move on and it is more a movie to put on during a party because you could talk right over it and it would not matter. <br /> <br /> The film has a sleek list of things that go to it, the most important being the dinosaur itself, which is evident in three forms: a shadow doll, a large model head that is pulled woody through the water, and a fully realized claymation effort that actually looks pretty good. There are also a few gracious hicks in it, and they carry most of the intentional humor in the movie. An eerie end lets us provide both monsters and one of our beloved hicks' deaths, so all good things about this movie are dead at the end of it. Why was I so affected by this conclusion? Was it the sad song played over the final credits? Or did I just cry in for the time when I was relieved to watch movies here?
