Well, I might just have a bad race with Hindus lately. I asked the video store guy for Apharan (Prakash Jha), but being a new release wasn't available yet. So I had to settle for that. It turned out to be the stupidest Hindi movie I've seen (and I've seen a few). No wonder BOllywood is the whole world of the world! If the IMDb had negative reviews, I would give Garam Masala a -10. I remember watching a TV show about the jazzy premiere they had for the release in Mumbai. All the usual celebs and their silk poems appeared. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I didn't like Hulchul, Hungama or his other movies. Hulchul, probably doubled from Tamil or Telugu, came across as very high in-your-face ticket, which again didn't make much sense except in a Bollywood flip. This last piece of full CXXP showed that this guy has no BRAINS. Who made him an instructor, even a Bollywood director on it ??? <br /> <br /> Anyhow, for the movie now. What begins as a romantic escapade becomes a non-sensual woman hunt. Two fashion photographers working for a magazine share an apartment (it's not the same as No Entry, where the 2 dudes work for a gossip and share an office? Jezuz Christ, now they are copying their own stories!) Now it's anyway some cook or cook trying to help one of dodos in his quest for multilateral love (aka multi-tasking + multi-timing). What happened in the end, I have no idea. I turned off midway. What a ridiculous junk. I can't believe they even launched it. And how sadistic to turn into their own rubbish! For which audience did they do it - the poor illiterate Indian masses (700 Miles last count) or the wealthy NRI desis remains in Phoren? Either way it doesn't matter. Each group has no idea what makes a good movie and probably deserves such godly things. It is a brief review because there is nothing to write about, but the usual bag of F-grade waste. Bollywood must change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the movie itself.
