I have never understood why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, great dance tales and increased feelings - what do you dislike? What I didn't understand was that I only saw Bollywood's crust. Then I looked at "Garam Masala". I could tell from the first scene that this was not a movie I would like (the film opens with a montage of the two leads around a city and apparently happens serendipitously on a series of footsteps populated with gyrating models), but I kept hope things would improve. Unfortunately, they didn't. The main problem is that the two main characters, Mac & Sam, are completely unsympathetic. They use the whole movie for women - and lie brutally - to get them to bed, and the audience must find it fun and be charmed. The boys are conscientious and unobtrusive and not in a lovable way. Mac even goes as far as having one of the women go to prevent her from discovering his cheating. The script is extremely poor, with repeated scenes, settings that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and statements from the characters. In fact, the characters are never really developed at all. The males are boorish, greedy jerks, and the women are merely exchanging beautifully. If you go into this movie, you would think "air values" are pretty easy to pass from man to man. In reality, betrayal is not so humorous. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the movie were a dance figure that had brilliant sets and a few slapsticky moments involving French-farce, die-slamming aspects of history. But Bollywood dance is better enjoyed in movies choreographed by Farah Khan, and for slapstick you can just as well go straight to the quiet comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who apparently have not influenced writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also takes false credit to perceive the story: The basic principle of the plot is stolen from the 1960s game "Boeing Boeing." The original author of that work, Marc Camoletti, is nowhere credited. At least Priyadarshan changed the title to this remake, rather than brazenly using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of this same story. (According to the IMDb credit list.)
