Based on the average short story of horror writer Stephen King about so-called 'Sleepwalkers' ancient and immortal cat-like creatures that suck the life out of virgins for this energy to sustain them. They have supernatural abilities - they can make themselves bad 'which means they become invisible and can create subliminal mirages to fool people. They have flown people for centuries we are told and have been picked by one of them until there are only two left. The movie starts when a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a sleepy town, they are the last sleepwalkers, and they are prowl for virgins to feed on. The mother sends her son out to join the local high school so he can find a virgin he does (Madchen Amick) and continues to try to get her alone so he can suck her dry. It is not clear why the mother cannot seek virgins herself - it would make it easier to imagine, since teenage boys are much more likely to follow an older beautiful woman into a secluded area than a teenage girl following a teenage girl. But his plans are countered when the girl fights back and puts a pencil into his ear. The police are called and the hunt is on!. The son is ill from his injuries, and the mother goes on the rampage and kills the police left and right in her hunt for the girl who hurt his son and spits out some painfully scary lines in the middle of the yard. Finally, the girl kills the film's motherhood. This movie is rubbish! The action is variable, from the average Brian Krause to the excellent Alice Krige. The special effects are average and show some early computer effects that are mildly interesting as it shows how far such things have evolved in such a short time. The direction is muddled and the film falls to camp in places. The director seems to be unsure whether we should fear the sleepers or sympathize with them, and when in doubt, the movie will become hysterical. Stephen King makes a mildly funny cameo as an annoying gardener, like Mark Hamill, as a confused policeman. Alice Krige looks to shoulder the film, her character is deep and she gives an indication of what the movie could have been with a better manuscript and better direction.
