So at Chills Network on cable, they have "Vampire Month", I'm such a dork, but I love vampires. So after a few duds they showed, I was pretty disappointed, but then I noticed Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and check it out, very much to my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most Stephen King movies are entertaining and some are very scary. While Sleepwalkers were bad, it was a beautiful kind of bad. I was happy to laugh at this movie and just take it for what it was. I've never read Sleepwalkers, from what I understand this is King's only real vampire story, so I can't really compare book to movie. I don't know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like it was made for television. Special effects were corny and the story was a bit far-fetched, though it was fantasy, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires living on the life force of virgins. They are considerably more resilient than humans and have powers for both telekinesis and illusion. Their one weakness is cats that can not only see through their illusions, but whose claws are capable of causing serious to deadly wounds on them. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary have stayed in a small Indiana town. Charles attends the local high school, and he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya doesn't lose the real reason why Charles wants her so much; Taking her vitality to her mother who is starving. First, it seems that Charles has fallen in love with Tanya. On their first date, though, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain the life force from Tanya while she kisses her. As it happened, vice-sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to pull Charles to speed, was driving off the cemetery and noticing Charles's car. When Tanya runs to him for help, Charles Andy lowers and kills him. When Charles then turns to resume his life-suppressing make-out session with Tanya, the deputy's cat, Clovis, rises to the apartment and nearly kills Charles by scraping him in the face and chest. Deadly wounded by Clovis, Charles stays home to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. So to sum up this movie, expect the cheese to leave. The stage where Charles is attacking Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you almost vote for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the stupid female leaders in horror movies. Then love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots it on a police car, and in the other way it all explodes, God bless Hollywood explosions and exaggerations. I take the movie for what it is, it's just so nice bad that it turns into a dark comedy for me, which I just like to make fun of. I'm not sure if this is what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he has his typical cameo in the movie. So, my suggestion, if you see this movie, just take it for what it is and don't think about it, it is mindless entertainment with corny effects, bad casting, a silly story and enough cats to make the crazy cat girl from The Simpson's say "Wow, there are many cats". <br /> <br /> 4/10
