I liked Batman: Dead End. A dark edgy movie noir setting for Batman was perfect. Batman: Dead End is good. This is not. <br /> <br /> First of all, let me start with the actor. None of it is really that good. The best would probably be Clark Bartram as Batman. But that doesn't say much. He is good at first sight, and then you realize that he is what he is, a bodybuilder that happens to be a tolerable actor. But primarily the problem is that Batman does not belong in the daylight, he looks like a freak runs around in a Bat suit. Instead of a terribly scarred man trying to make up for past mistakes. The daylight also reveals an annoying dew on Bartram's face, which never leaves and unoticeable in Batman: Dead End, probably because of the darkness desired in this trailer. Bartram seems to think that scowling and stubborn shaking heads work, it's not quite the opposite. It's called posing, something real actors avoid like the plague. Something I never understood why Collora threw bodybuilders as the leaders. It is much more sensible to give the role of an actor who can handle it, rather than a bodybuilder who can simply do it, but HEY HE LOOKING as much as the comic! Of course, they could have done better if Collora's dialouge didn't leave much to be desired. <br /> <br /> The entire trailer (yes trailer that won't be a full-length movie) is more centered around Superman then Batman. But everything on the Superman side is corny, cloying and amateur. Michael O'Hearn (Superman) is one of the worst actors I've ever seen. He is standing around, smiling, his lines say. It's about it. Although I'm not surprised when he's just a bodybuilder, they've hired and possibly received some plays. Once again, I say to Collora, threw ACTORS. Not bodybuilders. Actors will be so much more convincing that we will forgive the fact that they do not look just like the comic. Costume is what you would expect Superman to wear. As for the Batman suit. Well, it only goes well in the dark. I say it, because in some shots it looks like something you would buy from a Halloween gift shop. <br /> <br /> Superman flies in this movie. But that's not a good thing. These shots look especially amateur. This and a lot of whole "movies" look like they were shot in their backyard with a VHS camera. <br /> <br /> The best shot is a shot of Superman, catching a car in his hands. And the final shot of Two-Face and Batman at the end. For those of you who have seen the trailer. You know what I'm talking about. Now, if he could only have stretched out that shot through the whole trailer. Finally, I ask. Why if you try to show your ability as an instructor, do you want to make a trailer like a short film? This proves nothing when it comes to being a real managerial management story. My only advice to Collora is here, there is a difference in the ability to tell a story and to be able to work in marketing. Batman: Dead End did not feel amateur. I can't figure out where this went wrong.
