Allow me to start this review by saying this: I love vampire movies. They can suck (have pun intended) and I still love them because vampires are just cool in movies. Van Helsing, who many considered to be a steaming pile of sheds, was comfortable to me because of the vampires. You may ask, "What does that have to do with this movie?" The answer is that I intend to inform you how horrible this movie really is, that even a sucker (harharhar) for vampire movie like me can despise a movie like this so much. <br /> <br /> The movie stars Van Helsing, a college professor guy who doesn't even convince. He is a horrible actor, like everyone else in this movie, and he wrote it to add salt to the wound. I honestly didn't mean to offend him and I'm sure everyone was having fun making this movie, but seeing it was actually painful. I'm not sure why I saw it all; Perhaps it was a morbid fascination to look at an impending train crash: it is terrible, but you cannot force yourself to look away. Its main mistake is that it's just so boring, and its plot is so silly ridiculous, even for a science fiction horror movie. <br /> <br /> But I'm going down. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with her mother. Of course, he doesn't know it was her at that time; he just thinks it's one of his students (which is still illegal and all but not so disgusting and scary). <br /> <br /> If I was Van Helsing, I would at least draw an Oedipus myself when I found out I had done something so rough. It would have done for an entertaining thing if he just made some comments on it, but no. The point is not even raised by any of the characters. It's as if the author didn't even think about it. I would at least have another character laughing at him and saying "Ha ha, you had sex with your mother" that would be mildly humorous (though it was just immature). I run safely out of space, so a few words to prevent you from watching this movie: There is a vampire ninja fight with an old man. It would be fun, but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously. It is not even worth watching the movie to see how bad it is. Stay far away from it if you value your time at all. <br /> <br /> I want to say one thing positive about the movie: The guy playing Van Helsing is pretty agile with that knife of his. There is like a minute long segment where he swings around his knife and actually does some pretty clever tricks. It would be boring in any other movie, but unfortunately it was the highlight.
