I agree with some of the other comments and even go one step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing about this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar's core character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother to make enough money to buy a restaurant, but along the way falls for a clever ex-jailbird. At the same time, her friend Hortense tries to get her lawyer's boyfriend to marry her. She is also sleeping with Marlon, who is in despair of her. Then there is Delmar's brother Jethro, who becomes involved with a former cook addict, Missy, who reveals that she was sexually abused by her adopted father. On the side we also have the eccentric mother who has an assortment of just odd friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the start of the film. So far, but after introducing these characters and stories about life, death, grief and love in the first half, the movie simply loses direction. <br /> <br /> If the author had only chosen one or two characters and made us follow their stories, it might have been fine, but just as much time has been given to everyone with the result that no story or character is fully developed. Why does Delmar think, for example, that she will be able to hand over her child in exchange for money, especially when the potential parents are a spooky advocate and his semi-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is a smoker and obviously does not love her? How's Missy able to kick his coke habit overnight? Is Jethro regularly drawn to women with overwhelming problems, or is the Missy exception? Has Delmar and Jethro's mother always been on the eccentric side, or is it a recent development? Why is Jethro so keen on Cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses eat years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar manage to give birth to Moses' birth when there is no suggestion that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions have been put in the manuscript but unfortunately never answered. I can only assume that they were answered in the original novel, and therefore the author felt the need to include it all in the script. Big mistake. Losing several subplots, especially the Hortense and Marlon history, which does not add anything to the overall movie, would have tightened things considerably and allowed more time to develop the submarine, the jethro, and the Moses signs that are more central to the plot and underlying themes than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add to the most pedestrian style seen outside the average soap opera, the result is a huge missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who does his best to rise above the material. I am not surprised that this seems to have been the director's last film, as this effort shows no sign of a visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
