This movie doesn't rock as others have said. I found it really boring and silly. The story is about this metal high school kid who idolizes this really bad heavy metal song. The singer dies, but not before making a last album to be played over the radio, of course on midnight on Halloween (which would actually make it November 1st, a much less potent date to be sure). The child receives a copy of the record and it contains secret hidden back-play messages. It's also the key that opens the door so the really bad metal singer can return to bring chaos and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not at all a horror movie, but rather a post-school special. We see the metal kid (outsider) bothered over and over by the popular kids. And he fails to learn the main lesson in high school film: When the cool kids who bully you suddenly invite you to a party, DO NOT GO! It's a trap. Especially if there is a pool party. Someone surprised when he ends up in the water ?? It was such a special school special that I was waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to show and teach Jody Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> Back to the horror section of the movie. So this metal kid gets some strength and instead of using them to kill bully boys (who would have made much more sense), he freaks out and tries to protect all bully boys and girls from harm. What? A sensitive hero? How fun is it in a horror movie? Thank goodness Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He actually tries to prevent having the music played on Halloween Dance, the very music that could release a power to kill all the children that had been significant to him. If it were me, I would have put that music on and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal kid walking around the city trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. Why not cooperate with him and really do some harm. Why do you ask? It seems he is in love with one of the popular girls and doesn't want her hurt. More suitable for a Molly Ringwald film. Is it a scary movie or an episode of beauty and the animal? The movie just keeps going over and over again at this time, with no scare, horror or anything worth seeing. If you went to high school in the late 80s as I did, this movie is fun to have a little flashback to fashion and big hair, but that's for this movie. Skip it and stay home and just listen to some KISS.
