Antonioni, by making this film, assumed the role of Papa Smurf for all the little, long-haired, American, radical student smurfs. He had taken them under the guideline protection of his European Communist wings and showed appreciation and support for their confused American ways. (These Smurfs are red and worn blue, not the other way around.) The radical Smurfs were happy to get guidance from a wise old man with gray hair who regularly worships God of all long-haired Smurfs, Lenin Communist - Another wise old man if beard got the smurfs, took him even more seriously, for it symbolized something wise, even though they didn't quite know why they considered the beard to have this kind of profound effect on them. Castro, another wise bearded man, has often exploited this confusion and radiated magical powers with his beard over his naive overseas admirers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: The bitch has a particular je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about it, helping to carefully embrace Marx and his lovely pacifist teachings?) The movie starts with a muddled meeting with radically stupid radicals students who engage in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused". So confused as a blindfolded dog, falling from a high-rise building to a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the film's "hero" (Antonioni's hero) rises and says something to its pathetic left-wing participants and then leaves, hoping that this display of "mega-coolness" will improve its James Dean image and greatly increase his chances. to be added with the best "chickens" in the next mass hippie orgy. Finally he comes into trouble with the police (ie pigs) in a rally and uses the film under the blue American capitalist sky and looks for freedom ?? Or something like that. Antonioni's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or had) nothing new to offer; it's just the same old triggers-happy one-dimensional police, businessmen discussing business deals (and what's wrong with it, isn't it, how Antonioni's movies are made?), and endless images of TV commercials and billboards advertising it oh -so morally decadent products for the scary, selfish and greedy right-wing people who think of none other than themselves, their families, their work and their children. <br /> <br /> Papa Smurf Antonioni, like his long-haired Smurfs and Smurfs from the late 60s, failed to notice the most obvious and vital aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to get theirs ridiculous encounters and expressing their anti-establishment opinions freely within the establishment itself, while the students in those countries whose left systems admired them (not yet). By far the greatest irony about the hippies - and Antonioni obviously does not realize it too (his judgment is explained by cocaine snorting and an excessive intake of LSD) - is that hippies were the capital risk of capitalism. This is an incredible irony. Only in a successful functioning capitalist system can you find the species called "hippie"; a spoiled, ungrateful and selfish bunch of middle and middle class losers. <br /> <br /> The movie itself seems to continue forever. Antonioni takes his sweet time getting on with it, while there are long-lasting scenes of meaninglessness, with a high lethargy factor. His attempt at symbolism is annoying and tired. His statements are highly questionable. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution. And that's what we get from an old, saturated, filthy-rich, fat movie maker who lives in villas and dines in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I can't remember seeing any major Western films about the massacre of thousands of thousands of students in China. But when a western student gets shot to win Che Guevara's face in all our faces, we immediately get ten great movies about it. I suppose that means that a Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a Western one? at least left-wing hypocrites who attack movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist neo-hippy and did not like this horrible review, please click "NO" below.
