This movie is definitely a product of its times and is seen in a different context, it's an incredibly stupid movie. Heck, even in its proper context, is pretty bad !! For the most part, this is due to a silly plot and very self-reliant direction by the famous Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case he tried to write a very artistic style film with an anti-establishment hippie film and only managed to produce a bomb of gigantic proportions. The movie begins with a rap session, how many "with it", students say by saying such platitudes as "power to the people" and complaining about the "man". Considering most of these hippies, parents have sent them to college, it seemed a little silly for these privileged children to complain so loudly and shout revolutionary jargon. A little later, the violence between the pupils and the "establishment wines" breaks out and a policeman is killed. Our "hero" mark may or may not have done so, but he is forced to run to avoid prosecution. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what only a total moron would do - stealing a plane and flying it to the Mojave Desert! There he meets a random "chick" and they sit around philosophically for hours. Then they have sex in one of the scary sex scenes in cinema history. As they do in the dust, other couples suddenly come from no where and there is a huge orgy scene. While you see a little skin (guarantees an R rating), it is not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and seems so choreographed that it just boggles the mind. And of course, when they are finished, many many other couples disappear in thin air. Strangely, later the couple paints the plane with a little help, and it looks very much like a Peter Max creation. Despite the appearance of the aircraft, the evil police respond to his recurring aircraft by shooting the lovely revolutionaries. When the girl finds out, she goes into a semi-catatonic state, and the film ends with her, apparently imagining the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil they face (like hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, you see the same huge house exploding about 8 times. So inexplicably, you see televisions, refrigerators and other things exploding in slow motion. While it's stupid, it's pretty cold to look at - such as when David Letterman turns things up or destroys things on his show. <br /> <br /> Apart from a doubled plot, the movie has a strong need for a single similar character as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes could easily be removed to speed things up a bit - especially since there is really not so much plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly stupid movie and I was not surprised to see it listed in "The Fifty Worst Films" book by Harry Medved. It is a well-deserved addition to this pantheon of crap. For such a famous instructor to spend so much money to produce such a craptastic movie is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two last observations. If you like to laugh with silly hippie movies, then try to watch THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK. Even in the case of art imitating life, Mark Frechette led his character in real life. He died 27 years in prison a few years after taking part in a "revolution" action where he and some friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies !!
