Preposterous successor extends credibility as the devilish sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns to this time, infiltrating the film production of the novel he wrote for the outbreak of the oceans, adopting the identity of another unit director he murdered. <br /> <br /> Film pokes gleeful fun in Hollywood, with a heavy-in-cheek script that shoots at tyrannical instructors who sleep with their actresses (.. looking for a path up the ladder) and can't Like someone who challenges them to complete spotlight. Brian Krause, who I thought was horrible, overwhelmed to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced, depicts the senior temperate director who dislikes the fact that his second unit director and screenwriter, Alison (.. played by Dahlia Salem) seems to take over the production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, the brother of a victim of the first movie. The movie's dark humor this time takes the idea of ​​a serial killer that actually acts as a director of a movie set and exploits it for all it's worth. Once again, Nelson slips back to his psychological role without difficulty, with Stanley as clever as ever by using his brains to command a film production and killing the one he has to maintain full control of his work and let no one stand in his way. .. this is until Alison realizes who Stanley really is. Alison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subjects. What motivated Stanley to kill, why should he do such a thing, and what led such a man down this dark road? Alison's humor, which actually works with the very man, is also part of the satire in the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you get the inevitable showdown between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous and incredible conclusion about the fate of the murderers (.. a hard pill to swallow). Unlike the first film photographed with sophisticated polish, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not necessary (such as shooting a series of strange angles, slow motion in a sepia color, and more cases that are caught on video) and rather annoy rather than impress. This successor, for me, just wasn't on target as much as the original, with a lot of humor less effective and more obvious.
