Need a lesson in pure, abject failure ?? Look no further than "Wizards in the Lost Kingdom", a creepy, dirty, disgrace of a flick. As we all know, decent moovies tend to germinate terrible, terrible offspring: "Halloween" committed many, many bad 80's slasher flicks; "Mad Max" committed many, many bad 80's "futuristic wasteland fantasy" flicks; and "Conan the Barbarian" had a whole lot of terrible, terrible, incredibly bad 80s sword and sorcery flicks. "Wizards of the lost kingdom" scrapes the bottom of the 80's barrel in a way that is really offensive to barrels. A young runner named Simon resumed his "good kingdom" from an evil wizard using a mangy blanket, a garden gnome, a topless bimbo mermaid and a tired look, pudgy Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long-time b-moovie muscleman, hardly looks capable of swinging its aluminum foil sword. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, consisting of the evil wizard, "Shurka" and his army of poorly-grown monsters, giants and midgets. At one point, a paper mache bats on a string, but is eaten by a 1/2 hidden sock that is miserably presented as a dragon. The beginning of the movie consists of what can only be politely described as scenes scooped up from the living room on extremely bad moovies, stitched together in the vain hope of setting the stage for the movie and exaggerated stories of a guy who never appears again. Words cannot properly convey the obscene fairness of this film; The producers probably spent moore moolah feeding svenson still growing gold than on cheesy eg of this flick. And we're talking here Brie here, people ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("Barbarian Queen") presents this mish-mash in a hopelessly confused, confused and cliched way that destroys any hint of clear linear storytelling. The action is horrible, the production level below the shoe string, and the plot is a tired cliché after another paradise before our tired eyes. That they actually made a successor (!!!) makes MooCow's brainwave. James Horners ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") cheesy moosic from "Battle Beyond the Stars" was lifted, screamed and kicked and mercilessly grafted onto this turkey bet that it did not come up on its resume. People you need to see this to believe it. The MooCow says like a cheapo rental when there is nothing else to see, yes it is moore fun than seeing dustbunnies mate. Button. : = 8P
