What we have here is a truly brilliant piece of early 80's incompetence that will make even the greatest acquaintance of garbage games speechless! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy / sword and magic adventure that does not have a real plot, but eagerly and shamelessly borrows items from other movies. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Enough similar movie types to know they needed a handful of essential characters, but probably assumed the rest would follow automatically. To create a fantasy adventure, you need: a super-vicious villain (preferably with a black cape), a young in training, a lonely warrior, a gracious kind of furry pet, a clever midget living in the forest ( optional) and a whole colorful collection of hideous demons, monochrome dwarves and winged gargoyles to serve as a filler. The story is phenomenal and so original, with Simon, the young son of a troll, fleeing his beloved kingdom after the evil magician Shurka takes over and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save the people, but therefore he needs his powerful ring, which he lost during his flight. Simon befriend's lone warrior Kor (the usually cool guy Bo Svenson who clearly needed the paycheck), which helps Simon during the long and devastating journey full of trials, dangerous encounters and magical showdowns. Admittedly, it doesn't even sound too bad, but it's just because I exclude all the delicious, eerie little details. Simon has a best friend named Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and evokes uncontrollable chuckles when he opens his poodle snout to do something incomprehensible. The conditions of the journey home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply act as cushioned images to cover the lack of actual content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a suspicious forest lymph, Kor settles an old score with the pig-masked nemesis, whose sister he refused to marry, and there is the probably terrible "suicide cave" where you can only sing yourself out. But the absolutely most odd brilliant sequence ?? not only from this movie alone but in the history of the cinema ?? involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon awakens the legendary brave warriors and hopes that they will help them in their struggle, but the rotting bodies only take a few steps, complaining about how tired they are and returning to their graves. That is it! So much for the zombie subject! Best order ever! I could continue to tell accidentally funny little details for several more sections, but you get the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a huge messed-up "so-bad-it's-good" movie. Word phrase: Do not look at this pleasing piece of desk alone. Invite friends, preferably the dope-headed types with a wicked sense of humor, and see it in the group. It will be an evening to remember ??
