From the beginning, you know this is a Sam Sherman movie more than an Al Adamson movie, because as the credits roll "A Sam Sherman Production" in letters that are as big as the title credit. Not only that, Mr. Sherman wrote the manuscript and it was his idea to use Bob Livingstone, a washed 69-year-old Western star in the old Hollywood era to be his male lead on a photo that Sherman thought would capitalize on the recent success of "Swinging stewardesses ". <br /> <br /> Now why do you want a wrinkled old man like your male management in what should be a soft-core exploit feature? That speaks explanation, but it's Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with the old Hollywood stained many of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get recordings for their films (eg, J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). . But bob livingstone? Tell me that demographic demographics knew who this 40s second rate was; It's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But then again, "Naughty Stewardsesses" was a successful picture for them, so we can't just write it as a Sherman fiasco. Yet, at any aesthetic standard, it is an incoherent mess. Al Adamson wanted out of this picture and it's easy to see why. First and foremost, it has no genre focus at all and goes from super soft core (only tits and ass / simulated sex) to a kidnapping thriller (shades of Steckler's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo"!) In between, we are exposed to painfully boring sequences of The stewardship traipsing around Vegas to Sparrow's hackneyed music, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann on a photography in San Francisco. Worst of all, we get Bob Livingstone as a Jack LaLanne wannabe in a blue jumpsuit trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, his big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann was deleted, but you can make him slam his titties on the DVD in the Special Features section.) <br /> <br /> This is a horrible, horrible movie, but I will give it three stars to Gary Graver's photograph and out of sympathy with Connie Hoffmann to make it with "Wrinkles" Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardsesses" is for Al Adamson completists and / or researchers in exploitation films that Sam Sherman's commentary provides vital within info. Everyone else, beware.
