Such is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of this Sam Sherman production, Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie has just hit the city, becomes a flight attendant, slept with an older rich man (who she describes is in her 50s, but apparently hit this mark a decade or two ago), shooting naked scenes for a photographer she's just met and then it is the central element of a kidnapping / blackmail plot. Throughout the whole and in the midst of all the emotional upheaval and soul searching, what in the name of heaven will Debbie do? Well, I can't give it away completely, but don't expect any real epiphany here. Let's face it. Naughty Stewardsesses are just what it will be (at least two-thirds through): a soft core movie with lots of topless women and a fun in the kitchy 70's feature film. There is no great art here. The film was designed to make money and utilize a growing trend at the time to film nymphomaniac stewards into films so that audiences could live their voyeuristic tastes vicarious. According to today's standards, the film is pretty pretty. What this movie does wrong is trying to be a kind of film at the end. C'mon, someone here who thinks that the little diatribe of Debbie while on the beach is contemplating life. She would spend more time choosing which lame top she wants that day, so do it. And what about the ridiculous plot to steal 50 grand? It didn't make sense to me, how in earnest had these characters "dug" it? Anyone buy Cal as a member of the PLO (something similar) or even as director of hardcore pornography? He would be lucky enough to work at Seven Eleven! This is, as another reviewer noted, more of a Sam Sherman piece so and the Al Adamson piece. You can see when Al is in full charge. There's almost no budget, and the movie doesn't look as polished as this. Adamson does a decent job of managing this time, and I need to give Sherman credit to some degree. While this movie is bad just for what it was supposed to be, it has some style to it. I liked opening credits with the animation and photographs. I even liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was a somewhat catchy tune. The movie doesn't seem to be cheap really. Compare it to any of Al's horror movies. With regard to the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead, but some studies went into his character and the obvious thread that young women attracted to men with money was also explored. I had big problems with Robert Smedley, who was just awful in his role. The girls have all got good sets, so what was more required of them? Naughty Stewardesses are relatively innocuous utilization films from the 70s and will serve as a living time capsule for certain aspects of life during the decade. By the way, do I mention it's a pretty bad picture?
