It seems that the people behind Envy realized that the latest comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - have been situation poets that have still fallen in originality and generally laugh. I found Zoolander's pure absurdity completely unreleased when it was released, Starsky and Hutch were also fun, and then the Dodgeball kept the laughs of a lot of people, although I personally was a little tired of the top characters - especially when the scenario was not so much fun Perhaps a Dodgeball tour comedy does not come all the way to Australia, where it rarely plays). So, in an attempt to make something a little more original, Envy moves away from an absurd scenario and instead deals with the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I will not spoil what it is for those who intend to watch the movie ). The problem is that the film seems to be pulling, I'm not a big enough movie buffer to think of examples, but it seems that this setup has been made a thousand times before - and very rarely. So instead of a nice, crisp, enjoyable and fresh comedy, you get a movie that just seems to go through the movements. Sure the movements can be very fun, and they are centered on an idea that is quirky enough to give a couple of laughs - especially with Jack Black, who plays it tense and entertaining, though a little 2D creates. Ben Stiller, on the other hand, seems a little lost, he is asked to play a more extensive role than the ridiculous characters in his Zoolander movie series, but he struggles like a family, whether his guilt or scripts are insufficient for character and the result is a movie of Ben Stiller, who does the typical way and becomes generally boring. The performance does not leave an imprint on the viewer (he's just Ben Stiller, Jack Black actually manages to portray a sign - but not a challenging one). The last annoying element of the movie is Christopher Walk's role as 'The J Man', which is about as typical and two-dimensional as characters come, and of course he becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. It's really not as unbearable as some people want you to think, it's tough, especially if you're in the right mood (feeling silly would be a good prerequisite for watching this movie). Rent it on a movie night with friends and watch it after you've seen a scary movie and feel like light - hopefully you'll be something tipsy too. In this scenario, I can imagine that it would be quite fun, but generally it gives too much laughter to wearing oneself and most of the time just pulling together.
