I admit to suffering many of the so-called "frat-pack" films. No matter how bad they are, I can find something to like about Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" left me as cold as the white horse that Ben was disposed of. This time it is Ben and Jack Black as a couple of nutty neighbors, one of whom (Black) discovers an aerosol spray to get animal pouch disappear and become incredibly wealthy, while the other (silent) writhes in envy. It is apparently the plot, but then it goes away in other directions that do not really make sense. <br /> <br /> I think "Vapoorize" stuff is kind of fun at first. The problem is, they are trying to maintain gag for the whole picture (Black has a license plate that reads 'Caca King') and it gets quite tiring. But even Ben and Jack are badly used; the energy level of both their performance seems significantly ringed. The two best performances by far are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. The walk's neo-hippie-dippie guy is so rude and so well-modulated a performance that it never really suggests any of Walken's other well-known nutcase characters. It is quite unique but comes across as unmistakably Walken. And Weisz is about the best actress in the company that nobody knows. Even with limited screen time, she still dominates all the scenes she's in. <br /> <br /> The whole ball of the so-called drama is that Ben in a jealousy drowned stupidly accidentally shoots Jack's white stallion and then goes to ridiculous lengths to cover it, fear that his best friend will find out and cut him dead. But the plot twist is not credible because there is nothing about Jack's sign to show that he would do such a thing. He plays such a sweet guy that it makes the whole outrageous horse hunt void. You completely discount it. It's all filler. And what is the point of the uncontrolled joy walk, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know he's seen "Strangers on a Train"? The manuscript is painfully bad, and the behavior of the two leaders is poor. Someone with Levinson's track record should know better. Maybe someone discovers something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they already have.
