Jack Frost, no kids, it's not the warm heart film about a father coming back from the dead in the form of a snowman. It's about a sadistic killer named Jack Frost who is sprayed with some acidic liquid and becomes morphed into a killer snow man. I happened to catch a copy of this movie so I could have a nice sit back and laugh at it. A killer snow man? Ha, sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very wrong. Jack Frost is about a killer being transported by truck to prison, so he could roast in the chair at midnight. But it is a snowy night, and it collides with a state tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be burned to death by the acid and morphs into a killer snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton, where he was captured by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snowman with cooler forces. He can condense into water, shoot ice cycles like spears and grow killed fangs. The only question is who can stop Frost? This movie is under the typical B-Movie line. The movie starts cheesy, but as soon as Jack is burned by the acid, it falls quickly under the cheese line and goes flat. The action for one is horrible! Here we have quite a few unheard-of actors, who either can't shop, can shop, but have a meaningless character, or are right here for a few extra bucks. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is only reduced to three minutes, and all we ever see of him is his new snowman shape and his clever cracking voice. Plus his wisecracks are anything but fun. Groaning, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The reason is horrible! Throughout history, there have been many killers. A killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a razer glove, a chainsaw that carries moron, a quick st. Bernard, but now we are bending to a sticky murderer's husband? Oh, come on! And the way the characters are introduced is terrible. For I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, do I mean to give his father oats with antifreeze in them so they won't freeze? All the characters are stupid and meaningless, and the deaths are cartoon-like. A woman spoiled with Christmas lights and has her head smashed into a decoration box and a girl is humped to death in the shower (where is the carrot in that scene eh?). And to the top of this horrible movie are the special effects. The first big special effect we have is Jack's DNA blend with snow and boy it's terrible. I think it looks like a 60's art design, PU! Jack also looks fake. He resembles a person covered by rubber snow man skin. All blood and gore is cheesy, and the film never gets rid of greatness, but instead rises to low levels. Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made. I thought it would be a rebellion but no! It doesn't try to be fun, and it actually tries to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least it made me laugh at the awful. Do not even disturb this piece of waste. Jack Frost = D +
