This is a low budget spoof of the spy genre. To help hit your expectations, you should know that: (1) The action is wildly heavy. The stars have fun delivering their lines with excessive eye movement, frequent hand movements and off-key pacing. (2) Scripture deliberately lacks continuity and plausibility. Often lines are suddenly rippling and humorous, because they have no relevance to past plate elements. (3) Shots are often framed in imbalance angles, poking fun on excess genre. (4) A pop-eyed Jeff Goldblum delivers complex and classic preposterous dialogue in a winning sarcastic manner. <br /> <br /> The film has a guiding intelligence that deliberately begins with a plotelement stolen from the B-movie of the 1930s: A secret code with a structure that would defy Carl Sagan's explanation. The movie's over-the-top plays are mainly used for comic effect during the first 90 minutes. Fay Grim's son Ned is so often told to leave that you can't help cluster while you're sorry for boys. Parker Posey's nicely choreographed fall from the bed also helps set a humorous tone early in the movie. <br /> <br /> The slow pacing of the movie does not improve the comedy elements or drama elements that later appear. The film's influence as a drama is significantly reduced by the early comedy. Moreover, it is difficult to be too involved in the characters and their fate when the early parts of the film are so sarcastic. The musical score is intentionally heavily handed out, and I found this (and the off-camera camera angles) more annoying than humorous. The over-the-top act, the incredible and almost incomprehensible plot of conspiracy / counter-conspiracies, and the slow pacing will paint on many viewers. The movie is too long in 158 minutes. <br /> <br /> That said, fans susceptible to the film's sarcasm may be able to see again ... using closed caption to best capture the intelligent ridicule of dialogues. The movie was too slow for me, and the sarcasm felt more heavy-handed than light-hearted. But the comedy may well appeal to your taste. The movie is worth seeing for those who enjoy independent films, fans of director Hal Harley or supporters of Parker Posey (who has most camera time).
