I haven't seen "Henry Fool" but after seeing "Fay Grim", I'm not sure I want to. Maybe Hartley aims to be an "anti-thriller" director --- he has probably succeeded in this yawner. Based on the official description --- the woman discovers that her dead husband's manuscript contains material that could pose a threat to national security - I expected a tight geopolitical drama. Instead, I got flabby structure, fat dialogue, blabby characterizations, a decaying plot and a "tone" that changes so often, suggesting that Hartley changed the manuscript to his mood at all times. I can hang for a long time with a frustrating, difficult to follow plot (eg "Duplicity") because I expect the loose ends to eventually come together. Even when they do not, or they do, but they leave long questions (eg "Duplicity"), sharp writing and acting can hold an interest. But halfway through "Fay Grim" I reached a deadly realization --- I didn't know what was going on and it didn't matter. Too bad because I really like Parker Posey, reduced here to work with an absurd part who asked her to morph from indifferent, alienated wife and indifferent, unclear mother to a hard and sharp international "player" who could psychologically mano a mano with terrorists. There is also poor casting. Jeff Goldblum may be very good, but he is unable to overcome miscasting as a CIA operative. He looks almost as uncomfortable in the role I looked at him in it. His CIA sidekick is worse; He looks like a refugee from the quarter-finals of "American Idol" (are there really young CIA agents with big onions of hair that are rakishly draped over their foreheads?). Then there is a sticky question about the characters' ages. Goldblum was 54 when he made "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool", was 44 years old. Neither was there anything to look or look older than their current age. But an important point in history is that they served as CIA agents in Nicaragua "back in the 70s". Goldblum's character would have been in his 20s then; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Was Hartley "quirky" or lazy? The problems are too many to list ...
