I say 'I would count' in that line because I honestly haven't seen a Hal Hartley movie so far. It's not that I haven't heard of him when he was seen as one of the small NY filmmakers (when I say little, I mean even less than Jim Jarmusch) who made ultra-personal projects on limited budgets . In an ironic way, much like with Pasolini's Salo, but in a slightly different context, Fay Grim is interested in seeing some of Hartley's more acclaimed traits, because at least there seems to be some fate of talent behind it, as if Hartley * could * Be a very good filmmaker who can be so good he has just taken a great experimental blunder. Or, on the other hand, he could just be too impressed with his own idiosyncrasies and would be Godard-like movie clashes. <br /> <br /> I can't quite explain the story, which maybe or maybe it's not a problem I'm assuming, but it's not really because of not seeing the movie that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think even though I had that experience, it wouldn't make too much of a difference based on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped inside another, which has fallen through the false pockets of the title character, played in a remote way by Parker Posey (not sure whether it is good or bad, perhaps both) and also involving a CIA operative (Jeff Goldblum, as usual, a solid presence in the midst of mania, even speaks some laughs), not to mention an orgy-laden picture box and author Henry Fool. It is not that the manuscript is completely impenetrable, how much it goes into over-extended loopholes just because it is because there are some buttons witty or influential strange dialogue. <br /> <br /> Simply, the direction is just sucking. Harltey is in love with the third man, which is fine, but he imposes a consistent headache style for everything that slopes angularly, with signs that need to get into the frame just as strange. Not since Battlefield Earth, in fact, an instructor has come so annoying in trying to make the unnecessary choice of titled angles for some bizarre dramatic effects, only this time Hartley is not in the middle of a cluster-f *** he is most responsible for the. This, along with the crazy Wannabe Godard title cards that pop in here and there, some entertaining and some just stupid, and assemble the segments all in still pictures and a few moments involving actions that are almost watching Ed Wood, undermine any potential of the script, which is already quite difficult to decipher. In a way, it is fascinating to see how bad it all goes, but a kind of fascination that comes from seeing the flip side for total creative control on a kind of small scale. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: You will probably not come across a miserable pretentious example of American independent filmmaking this year.
