I didn't think it could be done, but something has come together and replaced the open house - a low budget horror if someone kills over the high price of real estate - as the worst movie I've ever seen in my short but otherwise sweet life. It was adorned as the best movie in Montreal's latest film festival, which makes me believe that any other post will consist of empty walls accompanied by people reading gloomy poetry. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie was like a little piece of hell. It is from Austria and it tries to stumble in the footsteps of Short Cuts and Blue Velvet scenes of various characters living in a suburban area with a dark underbelly. There is the fat dog owner and his fat household striptease for him, the shining divorce whose wife still lives with him in a house containing the pristine room of his dead child, the anxious women's hitchhiker who recites top ten lists. . The list goes on. Forever. Much like the two hours plus I spent in the theater. Yes, the characters interact, but not in a smart or interesting or even relevant way. I couldn't tell if they were good as actors when, according to the subtitles, they were given lines that were the Austrian answer to "You're so boring!" They certainly did not need to learn many, as each time they repeated their lines at least three times in a scene. <br /> <br /> This is no rubber or any of the aforementioned films. There is no art to discover, and nothing to dwell on afterwards, except perhaps if you need to change your policy "never go under a movie" (as a couple of older couples did during a random orgy scene - and if it sounds appetizing It is not unless you are one of the few who does not find the idea that your parents have sex - and with a few local middle-aged couples to start uprising. <br /> <br /> This movie was offensive to me. Not the stupid nudity, not the cringe-inducing soundtrack, not the shockless scenes involving weapons. I was offended that someone actually used money to do this when there are talented writers and filmmakers out there looking for finance. I was offended that someone from out of town might have gone to see dog days and come out and ask himself if it was the best we could find in Montrealers. Most of all, I was offended that people involved in the festival somehow dumb everyone to believe that the emperor had a beautiful and fascinating new outfit, as it was painfully clear that he was as naked as the fat maid who did a striptease. <br /> <br />
