1975's MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE is a wonderful and wonderful movie to watch. It is not because the fighting is particularly inspired or because the film makes sense. This is because the film is so stupid and so over-top that it is a classic of the camp - bad, but very bad. The movie stars a blind guy who has a Frisbee-like device on a chain that chops off people's heads as he skillfully throws this to his enemies! Who cares that physics is impossible or that the film has such stupid things as warriors with 12 foot paper-mache arms or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from start to finish - and one of my favorite "bad" movies and great to see with friends. Because of this movie, I was eager to see FATAL FLYING GUILLOTINES (1977), but unfortunately it turned out not to be a sequel, but a bit of a profanity - taking many of the ideas from the original, but neglected to make the movie so coherent or visible. Sure, it's fun fun, but it never comes close to the MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE in entertainment value. Like the original movie, there are these strange flying units that separate heads, but they are quite different - with circular saw blades and almost a mind for themselves. There is also no blind guy, but instead is a bunch of evil that really has no depth, or understands the audience exactly what is happening in this English-duplicated version, since the plot is completely incomprehensible. But at the same time, some of the martial arts actions are very good. Although not up to the high standards of most Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba films, the action is worthwhile despite the ridiculous and often confusing plot. All in all, this is a movie that martial arts fans like (despite its many, many, many, many flaws), but also one that others will probably turn off or laugh hysterically rather than enjoy the action because the movie is straight so ridiculous. BUT, most importantly, it never comes close to being as fun or visible as the MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE. Too bad.
