WARNING: THE AUDIT NOTES LITTLE SPOILERS <br /> <br /> There is a parallel universe out there where Gone In 60 Seconds is a dark, edgy, controversial independent movie. Unfortunately, in this dimension, Gone ... is a flashy, vacuum testosterone-burned moron party with Nicolas Cage. For reasons not worth entering, he and his large number of cronies have four days to steal fifty expensive cars, only one of which has an alarm. This crew consists of the guy with the fun-shaped ears ruminating to be the new Superman; a guy who led electricity in The X-Files; a former professional football player and two token black men. Their enemies are police, rival car thieves and Bilborough from Cracker, his Manchester accent is appropriately flat and extended to American audiences, who are now accustomed to such things since Daphne in Frasier. There is also Angelina Jolie who doesn't get character; afraid of being a container for men's sexual desires. She and Cage must be old flames, which is odd as they never have anything that approaches a normal conversation throughout the film's over 135m running time. In fact, characterization is so bad that anytime someone has a "moment" a violin plays in the background to highlight the "feeling". There is no spoiler to reveal that Vinnie Jones (who recreates his famous Paul Gasgoine "handball" maneuver and is quite threatening when quiet) gets only one line; not because his inability to speak is integrated into the plot, but because his eloquent summary of the movie's dubious morality after being bumped all the way through is fun. Supposedly. After struggling through it in his "non-right-but-it-do" London move, Cage quips "I always thought you were from Long Island". My ribs, which you might imagine, were really stuffed. In fact, humor is the most undeveloped aspect, from the timeless comedy politician to the two token-black characters. This sees the biggest aspect of Hollywood addressing; Why is it that a black man cannot be seen in a larger film without being constantly aware of his skin tone and infinitely referring to it? The younger man who, as the oldest, jive-talks for the entire duration, proclaims: "We black people do not like the cold ... we are tropical people". He continues to express an urge to smoke a joint and see Roots. He obviously parades the picture of black people, but how fun is it? His older counterpart cannot speak without referring to himself and thus his color in the third person. "My black ass" this, "my black ass" it. Does anyone know any black people who actually speak like that? Did not believe. <br /> <br /> The movie's soundtrack is played almost non-stop and with increasing volume, some of the tracks - especially the Apollo 440's "Stop The Rock" - so loud are they actually more audible than sound effects and dialogue. The surround sound system even separates the two to such an extent that it makes them sound like two different movies running together. No background music concept here, it is the acoustic equivalent of trying to watch a movie while a person at the back of the cinema has their stereo turned up full blast. "Keep that music, young man!" <br /> <br /> This is not the worst movie in the world and in many ways I enjoy it. It's just that it's predictable, lazy and fuzzy, with minimal effort in its construction. Apparently, the cash requirement is considerably lower for this movie. Having been powerful junk for several years, the public seems to be waking up to that fact.
