This film should be shown to movie school students as an example of what NOT to do. The original kicked some big tear-off ass, this horrible disaster breaks the cardinal rule of Bruckheimer's film, which is: we all know that they suck, but they have a good effort. This movie has no action. This movie is BORING. Where are the cars? Where are the chases? Where is the excitement? Where is the excitement? Where's the rush? Where!!?? This is not at all a movie, it's a bad advertisement. 50 cars in 24 hours? It is wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How bad is that? Leading plays are stiff, wood and forced. The villain, the policeman, the others ... who cares. They pronounce their pointless lines, they serve the illogical plot. They beat the best they can, as the music video director says "don't worry, we will make many quick cuts, and no one will notice how bad the movie is" or "we have to fix it with very loud music" The script "is not at all a script, it's more like a list of cliches with an end that is a total ripoff of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 --- - 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The Fugitive The biggest crime of all is the underestimation of Vinnie Jones, man .... this is the worst, coolest mofo since Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what do they do? They make him a mute that is hardly in the movie! Make Vinnie the biggest villain and he could have saved the movie. How could they have been so stupid? "Why? The original movie is very entertaining with a cold trick at the end that gets the driver away. The original has a fantastic 40 minute hunt that delivers! Go find the original, or if you fancy it a real car chase action, rent RONIN. Chases in Ronin raised the bar with which all other car tickets are now being judged. Bruckheimer and Cage had all the money, all these resources, all that is experiencing, and can't even get close to matching a movie made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can it be? You feel like you were ripped off after watching this movie. Where I once was happy to see Coyote Ugly, Remember Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God helps us all. <br /> <br />
