DR. SEUSS 'WHERE GRINCH CHAIR CHRISTMAS / (2000) ** (out of four) <br /> <br /> If you want to see a holiday movie that will inspire your seasonal spirits and continue the traditional Dr. Seus's classic fable, can't see "Dr. Seuss," how Grinch stole Christmas. If you're old enough to read this review, then you're probably too old to get some kind of pleasure out of this movie. It features lots of colors, creative production designs and imaginative sets and costume designs, pleasing load sounds, and the characters look like the actual inhabitants of the fictional village of Whoville. Unfortunately, this is where the film's positive elements end; The rest of the production is nothing more than an excuse for Jim Carrey to crack on the screen as he gives a devilish laugh, all while adorning through the far too wide manuscript with nothing much to do. <br /> <br /> Many people recognize the story of how the grin stole Christmas from Whoville, so I won't waste my time writing a detailed synopsis for you to read. However, I would say that the film's history is performed in three main acts; the development of grinch and attitude, the Whoville Festival and Dr. Seuss's vision of the middle-class who robs Who is from their Christmas. There are many well-known names within credits here, but no known faces. Just like in "Battlefield Earth" I just don't understand why manufacturers would hire expensive actors just to get their identities protected by unrecognizable makeup and costumes. Whether there's SNL's Molly Shannon like Betty Lou, King of Bill Irwin, the later player Lou Lou, father of little Cindy Lou, played by Taylor Momsen. Jeffrey Tambor is the Whoville mayor, Anthony Hopkins publishes his bellowing voice to the film's narrator, and Christine Baranski is Grinch's lonely lost lover. <br /> <br /> The film authorities are trying to bring originality to the story by adding unnecessary subgroups and focusing too much on little Cindy Lou. The manuscript of Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman just feels as though it goes everywhere across the film landscape; There is little if any focus of Director Ron Howard and the manuscript is predictable, too comprehensive and constructed. The only sign that distinguishes here is Grinch himself, all the other characters are puppets of the plot, formless and uninteresting. And the dialogue is supernatural and for corny to be anything but pathetic. Example-Grinch: Oh, Who-manity! <br /> <br /> The release of the film goes to the gifted production designer Michael Corenblith, costume designer Rita Ryack and the abundant makeup department. "How Grinch Stole Christmas" is a very nice production. The sets and atmosphere created by the filmmakers are detailed and imaginative; It's like the audience visits a world like in a dream. The people of Whoville are plastered with makeup, to the point where we can't tell the actor who recites the humorous lines. Though dazzling, I really can't give credit to the show, because they are overlooked because the expensive technical department takes their place. Jim Carrey is an actor I can talk about. His performance is what almost destroys the film itself. He is far too selfish as Grinch, too exaggerated and comical to allow history to be recognizable as Seuss's work everywhere. Surprisingly, even though there are some fun moments due to a few slim clever sequences, there is no joke from Jim Carry's zany silliness. It's almost like the film was written specifically for Carry to persuade her part. This factor only brings the movie to a wild but mindless comedy, which is only a pale shadow of the original Christmas classic "How the Grinch Stole Christmas." After this movie, historians need to check the coffin of the late author, Dr. Seuss may have rolled over in his grave. <br /> <br />
