If Atlantis decision makers had something to say in this movie, its theme (literally) was drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" over characterization. Almost as if in an attempt to "keep up with" the rest of the summer action blockbusters, Disney has killed the character-driven movie-with-a-message approach to a Star Wars "shoot-up" with stereotypical heroes and villains. . <br /> <br /> The art is cartoon-like, and manufacturers believe they can rely on computer-generated images (CGI) of flying fishing vessels and submarines to fill the gap. They are mistaken, and the days of beautiful, handmade animation quickly fly into the window in favor of the CGI assembly line. <br /> <br /> This movie is all play without heart. At times, the film comes close to being a good, worthy movie, but frustratingly misses the mark so many times by copping out talking about something meaningful and instead choosing to go with the glitz. Another problem with the movie is pacing. It starts confusing and then begins to rock along with a chopped story-editing style that is not appreciated. The viewer is rushed out of the door with Milo Thatch (voted well by Michael J. Fox) and is left to think "Gee, there must be a terrible lot of things to happen when we get to Atlantis". Unfortunately, not much happens. Atlantis secret remains a secret with the storytellers, who do not really know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to commit to saying where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is hypothetical, even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. The viewer will ask the theater itself "What was it about? What was the meaning of the movie? Why couldn't the surviving Atlantic remember to read, as many of them lived through the disaster of the present day? And why did Atlantis fall?" to forget what they saw. There is nothing left to think about or moth over ... except for the loss of money in their wallets. The characters and their motivations are just as inconceivable. From the eccentric zillionaire who finds the expedition with seemingly more money that existed on the whole planet in 1914, to the (spoiler) collective consciousness that enters Kida and VOLUNTARILY, its people are lost!?! The crew is a collection of quirky, 2-dimensional people anachronistic (for 1914) P.C. race and gender. Demolition's expert speaks as if he came straight out of a Warner Brothers' Bugs Bunny card. Most of the jokes are gross lines that are largely missed by the audience for two reasons: They are delivered by lightning speed and usually mumble. The way these supportive players make a moral transition near the end of the movie is hard to believe. <br /> <br /> While we welcome Disney to try to create animated films for adults - and this is the first Disney not to have cute, talking animals or objects - it fails to make the transition. Younger children will be afraid of some of the action scenes and be left in the dark by the large amount of subtitles (when the characters speak Atlantean). In the first five minutes of the expedition, approx. 200 people without a different mindset. Clearly, Disney thinks that if you didn't know who these people were, why should you look after it? Again, the film has no feelings at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the last animated films produced by Disney that were done very well. Unfortunately, Atlantis goes back to the failed attempts of the past, such as the black bullet and the hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney needs to get back to their roots. A successor to Peter Pan is coming soon, but you never know what the results will be before you see it yourself. And now that Disney has discovered Science Fiction, it is hoped that they will realize that that genre must have more than acting to it. We also hope that the upcoming "Treasure Planet", a sci-fi adaptation of Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasure Island", will have more heart to it than the unimaginable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
