I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I didn't like it) when Hanna-Barbera didn't produce it and it took a drastic step away from the old series. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" was in the works, I thought it could be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy should appear, I knew this show was bad, if not worse. I saw some episodes, and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" tapestry. No longer is Scooby and Shaggy going against people wearing masks of cool, eerie monsters that rob banks. Now they go for a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have become more brave too. Also, since Shaggy will NOT be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), the original voice of Shaggy, will not vote for Shaggy. He will only vote for Shaggy if he does not eat meat, and it was just a stupid business configuration to update the franchise as if the internet jokes were not enough. Then Scott Menville (who previously stated Red Herring on "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo") voices in it. Believe me, the voice is really bad! It makes Shaggy sound like a squeaky 10-year-old, and I have to agree with the voice is definitely for its new ugly look. But Kasem DOES votes Shaggy's uncle Albert, a kind of good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, doesn't look so good. He seems to have been designed to look more like CGI Scooby-Doo from the live action movies. Also Scooby's Frank Welker voice (should I mention Brain the Dog again?) Has still not improved. Robi, the robot store, is almost worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be fun and makes "comic" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember children, not under trees during thunderstorms!"), But it just doesn't fit into a Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. But in an episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use "Thunderclaps" Castle Thunderclaps during that, almost extensively! (Although they still use the newly recorded thunder sound effects as well.) Scooby-Doo doesn't need "Castle Thunder" sound effects since 1991. But my question is why use "Castle Thunder" on "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get A Slight," "while NOT using it on direct-to-video movies or even on" What's New Scooby-Doo! "(Two episodes of WNSD used it and that was unfortunately not enough.) If WNSD and DTV movies used it, so they could be better than this crappy cartoon. The day of this show premiere, I saw the first episode, and it was so bad I broke it off after only five minutes! To get my mind out of this poor show I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" who came out at the same time. And you know what? The "Pirates Ahoy" movie was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get A Slight" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like the new designs that the characters have are not permanent franchise. The direct-to-video movies come out while this show is being done with the regular cartoons, fortunately. But if you loved or hated "What's New Scooby-Doo", I don't recommend it. But if you hate the old series then you will love it! (Oh God, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoon gets better than this new $ # *%!) Anyways, like WNSD, a really bad addition to the Scooby cannon.
