Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the most simple, successful and beloved cartoon characters in the world. So what happens when you have been everywhere and done everything with the formula? Are you changing it right? Wrong. You stop the production and let it rest for a decade or so and then run it again and keep the nucleus in its success. That is, sticking to the formula for the most part, but adding your particular flavor to it. This for me is why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked, they want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo formula, which had only been successful a decade earlier in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo", but mostly hadn't been drained since the original "Scooby Doo Where Are You". <br /> <br /> The first sign (to me) of a weak offer is inclusion of alien characters; There may be a few good memories from previous iterations, but generally if you think "Scooby Doo" you are not thinking about Film Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Even worse, the exclusion of the other core members of "Mystery Inc" generally indicates a group of production people who do not understand from a child's point of view how the performance works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed to coming together and through their own individual manage the stereotypical qualities to overcome the given tasks. <br /> <br /> This next section is just my theorising, so skip it if you want: I hope I can explain why I think I'm doing the basics of the show is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang represents and how they contribute to it all; Fred represents the Driver, I generally think that Fred's purpose is to give the group direction, organization and sub-tasks. Fred is not a happy-lucky teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (problem is always equal to solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is antithesis to Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, the guy who is just a little more afraid of things than you are, he enables you to be brave, not to be on the back of the package. Shaggy represents emotions and often shows emotional extremes from elation to fear. Velma represents rational thought, she uses logic, but as we look at the show again and again, she requires traces that are mostly broken down by the other members of the show. Turning alone, would Velma solve a mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where truths are not obvious and only through random meetings they obtain the necessary information to complete their task, the chance is represented by Daphne. At one point (I think this is the first Scooby Doo series), she was known as "dangerously inclined". Authors have used Daphne to link independent events through accidents. She is often the one who finds the secret door, collection of objects or some other details that can help the band with clues together. Finally, Scooby himself represents the participant. He is always at the center of events capable of all the things that the rest of the gang is capable of, yet disabled, because he is not human, and like us, the television viewer cannot really participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personified elements of problem solving are immediately identifiable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm thinking about things, but in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo (like a 30-year-old self-identified geek, that kind of rolls with the territory). For me, there's a magic with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should never be spoiled. As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art, nor is it entirely in the category of programming that can be seen by young eyes with a large bowl of cereal. Brass about with the red simplicity transforms it into something else, something less.
