Darcy and her young daughter Pamela go out to the country where her mother's boyfriend Peter left his doctor's position in town to become an author and set up a bed and breakfast inn. Although this inn has a terrible past, and Pamela learns from one, the girl living in the city is a preformed witch once resident in that house. They called her the "Tooth Fairy as she would kill children after having their last baby tooth. This work at the inn has woken up 'The Tooth Fairy. Now she has her sights on Pamela and her last baby tooth, but if anyone gets in the way, they are in the same fate waiting for Pamela. <br /> <br /> This old-fashioned flip of the 'Tandfe' folk paints her in a very generous way that you would believe when you were a kid. Not only do they love to turn joyful childhood memories into nightmares! Another falling into the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can't compare how similar they are in the premises because I haven't seen the latter, but I read most that they have the same idea. Just for DVD movies, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images that surround the nonsense and traditional of the book's plot unit. Low expectation is needed as I would not classify it as a success, but I found it to be marginally entertaining. <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown's history or background for this 'Tandfe' character is completely nude with the leaning more towards a slasher vehicle than anything truly supernatural. Stupid is a great way to describe what is happening in this bad scripting story, but it never really feels like a fairy tale cloud. The dialogues may seem rather redundant and morally hounded. While the play is simply subordinate to the dull characters, they must work, but director Chuck Bowman offers some inventive blood stains and terribly nasty laps. This kind of makes up for the lack of excitement, zero scare and generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable of providing atmospheric lighting that contrasts well with his slender photography. The promising opening scene is frighteningly effective. His pacing can slow down into parts, and the odd and unnecessary slow motion scene has been inserted, but it is nevertheless too stodgy with some active occurring which made me not bored. <br /> <br /> Make-up special effects delivered the goods as there are enough repulsive nonsense and the toothpick appearance is particularly gooey. The figure of the toothpick can look threatening in its black dress, bubbly make-up and fast movements. Being on the spot helps cut out a more natural feeling and can become atmospherically rich in its sense of annoyance. Kids actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent in her part. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are somewhat solid, but may be a bit too causal in their performances like Peter and Darcey. The brilliant beautiful Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their lodgers. PJ Soles appears in a small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them of the evil that lurks in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was an okay time waster that has a good concept that just isn't enough and the performance is beautiful textbook stuff. Watchable nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgettable.
