The tooth fairy is located in a small town somewhere in northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought an agricultural residence that he is renovating and planning to become a resort. He is with his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) & her young 12-year-old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who will help for the weekend. As she explores the property, Pamela encounters another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns her that the malice is lurking in her new home, she tells a story of an evil old witch known as the tooth fairy, which takes baby teeth from children and then kill them. Pamela is worried and becomes even more when she falls out of her bike and her last baby tooth falls out, it is not long before the evil ghost in the tooth foot has eyes on Pamela's tooth and just for kick, she also decides to kill someone she Coming across ... <br/> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman I thought the Tandfeen was another bad straight-to-video low budget horror movie that does not distinguish itself from the countless others, which litter store shelves & fills in late night unclear cable TV schedules, basically it is not very good. The script by producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze feast in the first 40 odd minutes, nothing of great interest happens during this period and is basically boring exhibition as if these things were going to surprise anyone. It introduces the sign, sets up the tooth case and that is it. The other half of the film improves slightly, but even then it is hardly spectacular things, there are a few decent-looking scenes, but apart from that, it's all very predictable and forgettable things. The character is not great, and most of them are exclusively turned off. The story has inconsistencies like the history of the dental profession. She says she kills children after they give her their baby teeth, why does she continue with a rude killing that has nothing to do with the teeth? What happened to her after the 1949 proletariat? Why has she come back as a ghost? Although it is a ghost of some sort, she seems to have a lot of people to open doors and use weapons to kill people. There is no attempt to make any use of supernatural elements except the ghostly children being played for maximum feeling. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman makes it ok, it's reasonably well made, and there are a few half decent scenes, but nothing to get it excited about. There is nothing I would describe as scary or atmospheric in here and not notice the comparisons between this & Darkness Falls (2003) which, apart from the teeth, they are completely different. Gore is ok, a person is squeezed into a wood-chipping machine, there is a beheading, someone has their penis chopped off and the best scene when someone is nailed to a door and then their belly hacked open with an ax and their gut out. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 1,500,000 the fairy is generally well made, but there is nothing special on show here. The action is not good, but it is not so bad and unusual that I did not find the child's actors annoying, so that is something I suppose. The tooth fairy is the usual just below average low budget modern straight-to-video horror fare that seems everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy then it can pass 90 odd minutes if you are not too demanding otherwise it is pretty bad and forgettable things.
