I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Raye - for me, she is the woman Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" to * some * movies. Its almost * guaranteed * movie will be bad (eg, Congo) if Hudson is in it (except for the Ghostbusters movies, which were intentionally campy and bad). Despite my instincts and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, another movie-like "tour de force" with Lisa Raye, I rented anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" on OZ and ended up seeing a very high quality series so I figured I'd give this movie a try. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, then a definite must see! This must be the most unintentional fun movie I've seen in a loooong time. The reason is quite straightforward: Racheal's (Monica Calhoun) sister is killed by a band of brigands (led by Bobby Brown!) And she once at a time once on her weapon and lifts her sister's death. To do this, she gathers the titles Roses (supposedly based on a true story of a female gang) and they go out and exact revenge, and along the way there is some subplot or something or something about some gold that can be buried in the city . One nice thing I want to say about this movie is what I could tell, the stars did their own riding and they saw great galloping. The funniest (albiet accidental fun) scenes? Look at when they introduce Stacy Dash's character, or when Calhoun's character reveals his promise not to hang on his arms (filled with a crushed fist shout to the sky) or Lil 'Kim's character fun with Lisa Rayes character or Stacy Dash's character being killed or Lil 'Kim's character convincingly Lisa Rayes character to regain the band or the Asian chick or Macy Gray's character talking about "Debt Paid" etc. With the exception of Calhoun's Racheal and Bobby Brown's left eye, I can't even remember the name the other characters cuz i was so laughing when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director had gone to parody and broad comedy, it would have been a great movie. Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously apparently without taking an exhibition, sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is notoriously difficult to work into a piece), put design, manuscript or period historical research (was it me or were they the cleanest people with the whitest teeth in the old west?) seriously. Usually when I see a movie that is not so good, I ask myself "Could you have done something better?" This is the first time in a long time where the answer is a unique "YES!"
