Don't make me wrong, it's a horrible cliché movie, but it's a joy to fans of Olivia Hussey - possibly the most intoxicating beauty ever to reach the silver screen. A poster said she was uncomfortable to look at - I wonder what his ideal woman looks like - Paris Hil-Ends? Blockbuster should really establish a subgenre for this type of movie, as the Fatal Attraction plot has become a genre for itself. When will Blockbuster adopt the "Adultry" section? It fits nicely between drama and action sections, right? This film is about Olivia Hussey, who spends a passion on an unstable yacht owner who may have murdered his former wife, who looks remarkably like Mrs. Hussey. This ne'er-do-well continues to steal Olivia and thereby make her life a living hell. I like Olivia Hussey, but I have no sympathy for characters in movies that cheat their spouses, so I really wasn't going to Olivia to get it out of this stink alive. VOLUME: $$ (There is violence in the movie. Don Murray and Anthony John Denison get involved in a fist art when Denison says he won't stop seeing Olivia, Murray's wife, because she's just too good in bed. Olivia also gets to handle a shooter and can squeeze out a round - I'll let you see). NUDITY: $$ (Olivia is the queen of short nudity and delivers a little here. She has a love scene with Anthony John Denison and also has a shower scene - shot in a distance). STORY: $ (We've seen this plot before - a hundred times over and often done much better. Sins when trying to decipher why this movie was a dud is William Riead. Man's dialogue is sophomoric and moronic. The man has no storyteller Ability and failure to build belie human responses to the plot: These people, from the top of society, speak as middle school children - with a habit of sleeping in English class, I have added Riead to the Never-to-be-Again-Again list. <br /> <br /> ACTIVITY: $$$ (The act was not "phoned-in" as the incidents say much of Riead's youth script. Olivia Hussey has the right to call Anthony Jonh Denison, who is "weird" and "crazy" in the face when he starts to steal her. Hussey, who is still beautiful, delivers the best performance here, but Denison was equal to the task of portraying a demented, love-frightening stalker, Don Murray was basically right there - his character was not splashed out, and Edward Asner, a great actor when giving something with substance, is badly used in this movie).
