Why does anyone want to see this ?! If this was a movie that was posted on YouTube by a teenager, I could have patted the youth to do so much with his moms video camera. I could also have congratulated his family and friends for doing a good job. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced film producer, and these were apparently professional actors - making this a very, very sad movie. Sad ... and very pathetic, actually. As I said, it has a ready made video directly to watch it. It also has narrative and acting that just screams "unprofessionals" - how could it be? The film is filled with lots of corpses and blood. Normally this would turn me off completely as I hate ultra-violent movies and don't like to see everything that does. But since it is not so realistic, it is tolerable. However, I have to warn you that there are a few scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene with the child throwing a radio in a lady's tub and looking at her naked and frying is pretty bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the idea of ​​psychoses as they fantasize about killing women. With a level of misogyny that is quite terrible. The people who wrote this are pretty sick, like killing women, meant to be for our entertainment. After a bunch of pointless murders, the movie goes to a dining table - there are a bunch of goof balls wearing black caps without eyelids! They pride themselves on all the murders they have committed and sang. It's really fun, even though I'm not sure it was the scene's purpose. <br /> <br /> Discussing movies about various sex crimes and killings and even vampyrism and cannibalism. Why don't I know - maybe because the people who did it got rid of this kind of shit. And once again you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a grim German man as he jumps down people and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering the movie, I used what I suppose to be professional actors, I wondered why so many people were chosen, who were obviously Germans. While trying to act as Americans and the movie was to be in California, the accents are strong. Perhaps the German audience saw this and wondered how "realistic" the actor was, but for any American it is obvious that these people are not their fellow Americans! Considering that there really was a zodiac sign killer (who was never caught), I wonder why anyone would like to make a "fan movie" of the kind for the sick threat? I mean ... was this movie meant as a snus movie for pervs? I just can't see anyone else who wants to see this or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate someone to make such a stupid and offensive movie? Worthless and deserves to be in IMDb's bottom 100 list.
