Well, as Goethe once said, there is really nothing to try to pass a negative judgment striving to be objective on "something that has had a big impact". "La Maman et La Putain" has probably entered history as an influence on much of what has been done in France and elsewhere over the last thirty years, and no one interested in the history of the film should surely discourage seeing it . However, in order to express a purely subjective assessment, I am forced to disagree with almost all other reviews posted here and tell people: "Do not look at it, it is a waste of hours of your time that will just let you feel you a little sick and angry. " And thus, I do not mean "sick and angry" about "the human condition" or something as general and profound as that, for it is precisely the line most critics have adopted in their full praise of the film - "a trial to see in his ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty "and so on - and if it really managed to put on a universal or even broadly relevant message of this kind, the director would have good reason to be content with himself, but his pessimistic conclusions can be. My steak with the movie is rather that I do not see this hour's long list of empty vanities and petty betrayals as being justified or excused by any GENERAL relevant message at all. All three main characters are deeply morally unattractive individuals: Alexandre is, of course, of course because we see most of him and because he rarely closes for more than thirty seconds; Marie maybe at least because we look the least of her. Alexander's concerned and pretentious monologues, of course, have some kind of entertainment value, but the amusement is thin, as it is becoming increasingly clear to realize that Jean-Pierre Léaud is not even acting, and with absurd remarks like "un homme beau comme un film The Nicholas Ray, "he really reacted only word-for-word opinions that were accepted as authentic and deep of the environment, where he, along with the director Eustache, had lived for about ten years at the time of the film. I assume that if the tone of relentless superficiality and triviality had been maintained throughout 100% of the film, it could have acted as a long Sardinian comedy about a particularly low, worthless, and despicable post-'68 environment. However, this viewer, who was at least very angry at the director, was his award of at least one long scene each to Alexandre and Veronika, where we are clearly expected to empathize with and feel for them as if they shared a moral universe with us . If a man can get away from living in the apartment and blame to love a woman, sleep (mostly in this very flat) with another and run around Paris, committing to marriage with another third, well, I well enough he may wish him good luck in the dog-eating-dog world he has chosen to create for himself. However, what I do not know in all conscience is even a moment for maudlin monologues from him, in which he talks about his "anxiety" and his "despair". The same is double for the even more despicable Veronika, as we are shown imposing drunk in the apartment and even the bed, shared by Marie and Alexandre and behaving there with an infantile inconsistency corresponding to the most wild and heartless cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" should be nothing more than a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three people who would never even half-decent person in their company let alone their home, so I assume that there is a kind of legitimacy in praising the director to be "imperfect" (though why one should even feel like "flinching" when deliberately choosing to create such thoroughly repulsive signs for cinematically observing, I can't imagine ). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and seems to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are somehow representative of humans in general and the limits of human emotional abilities. However, this last idea is arrest and offensive nonsense. Indeed, there may be inherent falsity and tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and sexual relations in particular. But the nature and degree of this falsity and tendency to tragedy can only be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make such relationships work. It certainly has no cinematic or authentic genius to convey information to us that a man behaving like Alexandre will end up being hated, miserable and alone or that women who insist on expecting love from a man As Alexandre, will end up disappointed and bitter. See "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what passed for culture and human interaction in a particular Parisian Paris environment, which unfortunately was not limited to just a few particular antisocial types such as these. But please make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has any general relevance to humanity in the way that a movie by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese had to be claimed.
