This is easily the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerating, I told the guy at Blockbuster that they should take it out of the shelves. The only thing interesting about this movie is the box. On the box it says "from the director to the boogeyman", so I figured ... uh anything, if it was made recently, I'm sure the management will at least not be too bad: - but after that I watched movies and looked at what "boogeyman" they were talking about, it's something nonsense from the early 1980s that he made. Great way to strain in unsuspecting viewers. WHY, I think they just liked the name "Zodiac Killer" and didn't bother investigating any of the actual Zodiac crimes or his MO or even the years he was active. All the crimes they are talking about have nothing to do with the Zodiac and the "stories" of the original Zodiac take place several years after the actual Zodiac crimes did. They also compare the star sign to "Vampire of Dusseldorf" Fritz Haarman throughout the film and talk to Fritz's "son" quite often. Zodiac and Haarman were not alike, and it is more sensible to compare him with BTK, who also shot people, not a man who killed people by chewing through the neck. Neither of Haarman's facts is right, just a bunch of jumbled nonsense. His son even says "Don't forget, his name was Fritz Haarman with 2 teaspoons" ... His real name just has one! I think the author / instructor simply wrote in a google search for serial killers and the quickest ones came up with Zodiac Killer and Fritz Haarman. "Ooh it sounds like cool names, let's make a movie about them without doing any outside research! Good idea!" Perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this movie is the way in which the experts as well as the young killer describe the suffering of DSM-IV and are cured by it. "I was also diagnosed with DSM-IV and have since recovered" etc. For those of you who do not know, DSM-IV is the psychological guide to mental illness. If someone suffers from the book itself, they must have some serious problems! Haha. But my point is that this is at the bottom of my top 5 worst movies from all the time, and it is rare that a movie ever reaches that point. But if you are interested in seeing a completely non-fact-based story about the serial killers that are no more than boring, filled with inexperienced actors, and not quite rational, I would say check this movie. <br /> <br /> ... Oh, and I liked how the killer "gas" a couple of his victims with dry ice. Nice touch ...
