Right at the point: "Groove Tube" is one of the most eerie, unclear and fair horrible movies ever made. This "comedy" is so empty of something that remotely resembles a trace of white that it is almost incomprehensible that it was even made. I almost said because there are fans of everything. <br /> <br /> This movie is not even "good" bad or "enjoyable" bad. Putting this movie on the same level of entertainment as "Plan 9" or "Robot Monster" would be a crime for these movies. Actually, you can watch and get a kick out. But this movie is so bad, so badly made, acted and scripted and so incredibly stunned that there is not even a trace of "camp" or "schlock" that exists. <br /> <br /> Although this was made before Saturday night's live premiere, comparisons were probably inevitable. I'm not a big fan of SNL, but this movie is worse than the worst SNL shit you can find. And man, that's bad. Just to keep the men's viewers from going, Shapiro throws in a few breasts so often, but poorly filmed breasts from 1974 won't excite anyone these days. Probably this movie is so badly made, and it's such a sleep-inducing excursion, I doubt whether they too excited anyone in 1974. <br /> <br /> A man named Ken Shapiro made this movie. I swear to God, any ten-year-old with a video camera could have made something more fun and wise. It's just plain unreal - it's really an incredible movie. The "jokes" and "gags" are so infantile that even little boys who like to sneak dad's porn mags out at night don't laugh. <br /> <br /> I want to give this movie one thing - the very first order, the "dancing man" order in which a guy (Shapiro) on the streets of NYC dances to a tune is easily the best in this horrible movie . Not that the "dance man" sequence is so big either - it certainly has its moments of not being clever, as Shapiro desperately tries to fill the time for the whole song - but it was actually a bit stingy. The part of that sequence where the chief begins to dance with the man is the only trace of wisdom throughout the film. No wonder Shapiro puts this order last - again, while it is not so big, it easily strikes something else in this "movie". Otherwise, this film is a complete piece of shit, it is unimaginable as to how a real person can be so pure wise. The name of this movie should have been "Ken Shapiro's Craparama." It is amazing that this was made, but many really talented filmmakers cannot enter. But I would say I bet the NYU geniuses would love this movie. Total waste.
