Firstly, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 star out of 10 is because there is no way to give it a star! It's really that bad! I was never eager to watch this movie after I saw the ads for it, I ended up seeing it only by chance because some of my friends had tickets and had a reserve so I tagged together. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it wouldn't be genius - the premise seemed too stupid and stupid for something good to get out of it, but I thought in the back of mind, but there must be something good about it for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson make for the movie ... "Not that I think any of them are particularly amazing, but they are big name stars who would normally only make movies that would improve their reputation. But about 10-20 minutes into the feature, I realized that the movie was probably worse than I expected, I was shocked at how terrible the script was, it really didn't give the actors anything to work with, so much so they really looked as if they didn't know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you've seen the ad, you've pretty much seen the movie! And there was nothing original about it - it was pretty much every superhero story who had ever been, which would v Honestly acceptable if the movie was created as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately it was not. The direction seemed to be of realism. I felt the director wanted the film to feel completely realistic and not at all satire, and yet there were some moments in the movie that were so incredibly unrealistic that it would have worked if it was a satire. At a glance in the film, two of the characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh yes, she is dead ... time to move on" and he says in such a toll voice that it doesn't really matter. I found myself checking my watch after approx. 40 minutes to see how much longer I should sit through. And then I hit me ... I started thinking "I'm wondering if the studio made this picture a test to see if they can make the worst movie ever made and still draw a big audience ... "I couldn't think of any other reason why this movie would be made. For movies to be made these days, the script goes to a massive screening process, and very few scripts actually make it to the production stage ... I cannot understand how this came past the first draft stage ... By end and very stupid founder -You stupid climax, I laughed heartily - just not what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh at, but instead of how ridiculous and stupid the movie was. God God, I didn't have to pay money to see it ... because it would have really annoyed me !!! Oh, and I can only add that the two Wilson brothers have always preferred Luke because I think he is a better and more versatile actor ... but if he wants to go even further into the OWEN shadow, then the exact way to do it ... I doubt he will get many more job offers after this 2 hour crappy waste !!! And remember, it only got a generous 1/10 because I couldn't choose 0!
