It's easy to see how this below-average manuscript appeared in the early sales meetings of Regency Films (and later with Fox): cross the superhero genre with a comic recording on "Fatal Attraction" ... voilà! I don't know how a talented director like Ivan Reitman got involved, unless the salary was just too tempting. A dateless employee at an architectural design company in N.Y.C. meets a girl on the subway and asks her out; Despite being distracted and uncomfortable, he eventually gets her to bed - only to find out that she is later Big Apple's resident superhero, G-Girl. This distaff Superman, with the powers assigned to her by a fallen meteorite, is not a fantasy hero, but ... writer Don Payne has devised her as a needy, possessive, scornful bitch (he telegraphs this to us from miles away, even if Uma Thurman still plays the role of sassy laughter). This is the kind of worthless movie that can't let offense slip away. Our introduction to leading man Luke Wilson talking to Rainn Wilson on the train is accompanied by a sour dig in homosexuals (it commits us to be sure that these two friends are strictly ladies men). Having been contacted by G-Girl's nemesis, who wants to zap his powers, Wilson is told this will make her an ordinary woman despised ... and is it not better at all? Thurman's early performances in films such as "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" exhibited an intelligent woman with angled grace and hypnotic poise; Her movie with Quentin Tarantino helped reveal her insane hardness and intensity, but it came at a great price (the actor apparently lost her graceful touch). The picture is extremely well-produced and shot, with precious special effects, but none bothered to find humor in this scenario. It is upholstery, leering, ugly and badly cast. Inflated, frozen face Wilson cannot tell any of his colleagues that he is dating G-Girl because she made him swear that he would rather have a chainsaw fixed on his rectum. I wonder if the author Payne actually thought it was fun ... or yes, if anyone involved did it? * from ****
