Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who seems like a quiet but beautiful woman, although he soon learns that she is needy and possessive, oh, and she is also superhero G-Girl, although you wouldn't know it from the things she does to Matt after he freaks out and breaks up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by a mediocre performance. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still an enjoyable comedy, but it depends too much on cheap sex jokes and it ends up being an unforgettable experience. What went wrong? The cast and the director couldn't overcome the script's weakness, and I didn't like the way they played it. I expected the guy to be a jerk and it could have been a female fantasy revenge movie. But they made the guy suffer and they made the superhero a psycho. It was just not very fresh and after approx. 40 minutes the movie ran out, it was welcome. Sure there were some fun lines, but the weak middle and terrible ending really didn't break out. Director Ivan Reitman has lost touch. After a successful maturity in the eighties and early 1990s, he began making shit as Evolution and Father's Day. I don't want to say that my Super Ex-Girlfriend is a complete bust, but I don't give him the credit for any of the quality the movie holds, which is not too much. Don Payne did a terrible job with the manuscript. The majority of the jokes were lame and most of the supporting characters were just one note. He also continued to recycle many of the same jokes that make things really boring at times. <br /> <br /> A few of the actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was great as G-Girl and she had many fun lines. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I don't think he's making an appealing leading man, and he's better at supporting roles like The Family Stone. Anna Faris just did her "Scary Movie" routine and it gets a bit old. She needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is either here or missing for me. She was great in sister-in-law and she was bad in Clerks 2. Here she is just annoying and does not bring anything to the film. Eddie Izzard was okay, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the movie. It wasn't terrible, but it had so much potential, and the final result was just as average. Rating 5/10
