SEVEN POINTS: EMOTIONAL FLAT, ILLOGISM, MORNING DISTURBING <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "seven souls". I was curious about the original title, and after some research I found out that it refers to Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice, where the user Shylock makes a terrible relationship with the merchant Antonio, who must give him a "pound" of his flesh if He is unable to repay his debts. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something deeply human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, though cultivated enough to remain unperceived by someone, is doing so only in its reference to the flesh, something cold, rational, deeply rooted in human physical side. Unfortunately, I believe that the real quality of Ben's plan is revealed by the original title: it is a cold work that aims to "donate" parts of his body, but lacks any authentic human empathy, at least the audience does not get that chance to see or experience a pure relationship between souls throughout the film. The only exception is the love story with the girl, which seems to be a kind of non-programmed event that Ben gives, but is unable to convey true emotional involvement. I really did not like the idea in the core of the movie: The idea that a person who, however, is devoured by the pain of his beloved and other people's death, has made a determined decision to expose his sense of guilt to suicide: besides Being unlikely makes no sense. I would have liked, and I think it would have been more positive if Ben had ultimately decided to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and live, thereby helping the same people and perhaps many more, just standing near them, and help them through his presence. He would not have saved their lives miraculously, of course: this would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: The original reference to God's creation in seven days (which, moreover, according to the Bible is six!): What does that mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart disease that prevents her from driving and even singing without feeling bad, who can usually have sex with a man who felt, as it should, destroyed by his wife and died organs and pieces of his body do not seem to feel so much tested, both emotionally and physically, from his deteriorated condition? The movie is saved by good acting, but the rest is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional.
