First thing first: I'm not conservative. And although I would never refer to myself as a liberal or a democrat, I was against the war in Iraq from day one. I think it is safe to say John Cusack, and I will probably see the policy. In fact, I'm sure we'd be drinking companions if we ever had to talk about how big Adam Curtis' BBC documents are. My point is this: do not discredit this review by believing that I am not part of the choir. Cusack proclaims in War, Inc. There is no doubt WI's policy is tailor-made to appeal to my demographic, but the problem is that the tailor-made substandard, and the movie Cusack wrote, produced and stars in, is worse than a cheap suit. As they say, "the road to hell is paved with good intentions." Cusack, his co-authors, director Joshua Seftel and even the actors involved, had no doubt about making an anti-war film each and every bit as biting and fun as Robert Altman's M * A * S * H, unfortunately for the viewer, they ended up being as scary and unintelligent as Michael Moore's Canadian bacon. The current state of American politics, foreign policy and war "action" is already absurd and, consequently, tragic, pathetic and unfortunately comical - just watch The Daily Show and see for yourself. The bottom line is: You can't write material as fun as the Bush administration gives us daily, so why try to compete? <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with WI is that it feels like it was put together in a hurry. To get it done, Cusack basically changed the cannibalized Grosse Pointe Blank (one of his best films), changed the setting and slammed into a shopping list of ideas the promise of Naomi Klein's collective works. Most of these ideas hit the throat in the first twenty minutes of the movie, and what makes them so pitiful are none of the jokes or gags or deliberately obvious references to Halliburton, Neo-Cons, and the American occupation of Iraq. imaginative, clever or fun. The authors are so blind by their own dogma that they felt that simply referring to these problems would make the movie fun and subversive. The problem is ... it's not. At present, these ideas are yesterday's news, and unless you have lived under or rocked or are so blind by ignorance, denial, and pure stupidity (read: a right Christian), these jokes insultingly simple. <br /> <br /> Maybe I would work if it was more nuanced, subversive, offensive and follow-up with detailed research / insight into employment. As it is the jokes and the guards all surfaces and are so bad, with so little finesse, subtlety or satirical evil, they did little more than make me moan. Homer Simpson once said, "It's fun because it's true" and The Daily Show shows it every night; War, Inc. prove, however, that just because it's true doesn't make it fun. Bottom line: Hyperbole is not necessary when it comes to lampooning US / Neo-conservative politics ... it's already a big enough joke. <br /> <br /> http://eattheblinds.blogspot.com/
