If you rent a movie titled "Exterminators of the Year 3000", the odds are good you know what you come in. I myself was sold by the promising descriptions of "nuke mutants", "motor-psychos" and of course "exterminators" "Even, according to the back of the movie store, all cavorting around a post-apocalyptic barrage causes all possible chaos. Follow the bad haninks and the low budget buffer line - at least that was my hope for this "movie". <br /> <br /> Now I like the occasionally horrible movie, and if you read the comments on the Exterminators of the Year 3000, you probably do too. That said, I rated this movie a solid "1 (horrible)" - not because I completely hated the movie, but because it is one of the most legitimately horrible filmmaking efforts I've ever seen. The dialogue, the play, the cinematography, audio editing, editing in general, the plot, etc. Contract. - Everyone is worthy of what must certainly be low spectators' expectations given the amazing title. <Br /> <br /> So what's really "good" about this bad movie? It has more of what my circle lovingly means "quality kills." A quality killer for the few who are unfamiliar with the phrase is not a hard and fast period, but generally refers to a person who is killed in a particularly cruel, creative or ridiculous manner. Exterminators of the Year 3000 also have a fair supply of "dialogue-so-bad-it-fun", which is largely given by Crazy Bull, the successful title leader for the unhappy motorcycle band - which, incidentally, also gives most of quality kills (if you hope for great things from nuke mutants, think again, they play essentially zero part in the movie ... shucks!). Crazy Bull is all you can ask for in a b-movie motor-psycho. Shakespeare's paraphrase and odd PG-style insults are all he knows how to say ... and it's great. <br /> <br /> Despite quality kills and poor dialogue, but if you're looking for a really entertaining bad movie, this year's Extra Terminals 3000 are disappointing, as with its features it is limited to things like stupid and outdated special effects, quality impact and poor dialogue, there simply is not enough to justify a full length, mainly due to the 40 minutes or so, where the audience is forced to follow the characters in long-lasting and boring cars "hunting" and long desert hiking sequences. All in all, a pretty good horrible movie, but hey, it's not Death Race 2000.
