Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist whose stem cell research has formed a devilish scheme to create a hybrid hammerhead shark humanoid way of life, hoping to breed a whole new species using Hunter Tylo's uterus. It won't be easy for Tylo to be a tough one, and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, isn't about to give her up without a fight. You can see that Tylo and Forsythe are two business executive Arthur Roberts employees, brilliant minds who meet Combs (a researcher who once worked for Roberts and whose vacancy went to Tylo) at his island fortress where he performs his research and experiments. This island allows him to recruit fresh victims for his work and "son". They believe it is a professional affair for a breakthrough in stem cell research that can lead to cure for a variety of diseases. Combs' son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to do his crazy science about him, creating this bloodthirsty, fleshy creature that can both swim and dry land (although only the hammerhead could only stay outside for short periods) . Tylo was dating Comb's son, therefore the connection beyond the two has worked for Roberts, who brings his trophy wife, Mariya Ignatova. Also accompanying Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, are their colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs traps them in a conference room, but they are able to escape onto the island as he subsequently sends his well-paid mercenaries and hammerhead shark son. Like similar sci-fi channel creations of its type, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some rather unpleasant computer-generated effects, and the attacks (where the shark rips apart) are shot in a fast-edited, frenzied camera format where you find it hard to see anyone of the subsequent gory carnage. You have this vague idea that a person is being eaten (.. ripped to strips), but the attacks themselves are shot in a very irregular way, as truth is told, is quite infuriating. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, just instant flashes of an eye or body part become gnawed as the victim cries out in horror. One thing is for sure you see teeth. We get cgi shots of the hammerhead shark swimming against the screen, all threatening, ready for feast on meat. A constant is, while (and after) the victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and pieces of meat that bubble to the surface of the water (.. this is really director Michael Oblowitz's primary queue to inform the viewer that they are being torn Combs do not break New Earth as a researcher, but he has always had the ability to convey a silent madness under this cold-blooded solution. It is fun to see Forsythe in a rare carved hero role, much against the type of electronics wiz (... to his credit, he actually pulls it off) who should take on a leadership position when the group faces an unprecedented danger, and Tylo is also in a completely different role, a scientist who can defend himself well. Roberts can play millionaire businessman roles in his sleep and it is nice to see him shoot a machine gun at Combs' soldiers (... although his fate is not comfortable). To mention it, it was also very entertaining to see Forythe and Tylo Downing Combs hired goons with confiscators The automated machines As expected, the manuscript gives those who created the murderous enemy to put themselves in an unnecessary danger just because they can pay for their sins. I mean seriously, would these people deliberately leave themselves so vulnerable to attack after seeing just what damage to the human anatomy it could do? Beautiful exotic setting is a pretty good setting.
