Where in hell are all these unknown islands, where prehistoric monsters are lurking, doctors do evil their experiments, madmen hold the ultimate karate championship and the pristine hunting people for sports? I had no idea that there were still so many unknown islands out there, but if you take into account the number of movies that exploit one of those mysterious islands as a place, you must assume there are at least 50 of those suckers out there. It always turns up to feel so damned, and I immediately draw points from any movie using this hackneyed device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist performing experiments on one of these unknown islands, so the movie already had a lot to do before it even started. <br /> <br /> The island in this movie used to belong to Dr. Moreau, however, has recently been bought by Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey does some sort of advanced stem cell research that has made him start working with sharks while he is looking for a cancer cure. If that sounds familiar, it's because it's basically the same basic setup as the smart shark facility in the Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a number of other Nu Image movies. So apparently, Jeffre's son died of cancer that caused our bile doctor to begin experimenting on his offspring. He did a kind of super fancy gene splicing and so on, turning his son into a shark man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe leads a crew member of unknown actors to the island to investigate the doctor's experiments. If anyone would have given him a sailor's hat, William would have been a dead caller to the skipper from Gilligan's Island. In the typical Bond Villain fashion, the doctor decides that all these intruders would do well for their son. Not chums, like friends ... chum, like hajfood. Then come into the shark boy who begins to pursue skipper and his cohorts all over the island. Of course, they are making half-hearted attempts to escape and are being challenged over and over while being chased by a guy in a rubber boots. <br /> <br /> The movie was not one of the points it lost to taking place in one of the poorly deserted islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why do you hit your head with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. It's pretty much how this movie is. The only reason to see it is because it feels so good when it's over.
