The "cheeky" misadventures of four au pairs arriving in London the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, a Danish, a German and a Chinese. The story is about getting the clothes of them all, involving them in some Carry On-type humor and pairing them with various misfits from the British film and television culture of the time, including Man About the House star Richard O'Sullivan, future Coronation Street rogue Johnny Briggs and horror movie stalwart Ferdy Mayne (plays a sheik). There is a large number of female nudity on display, for those who like this kind of thing (but of course no hardcore). Most of the film is rather thin and unnoticed; the girls are stereotypes, and German anita suffers from a kind of infusing disorder - she is a moron obsessed with color television that seems like a kind of uninhibited child and dresses to deliberately show off her private parts; In another more serious film, she would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the film is that the Swedish girl is taken to a club in London, where some risky types are still trying to swing, are seduced by a medieval age, lose her virginity and realize that the scene is not for her. These sequences have some energy in them and point to a more exciting movie than we have ended with, where promiscuity and dregs of the music industry and top classes live fun and seedy life (there is a nice tour of John Standing as an impotent public school Roué). The strangest of the stories, the Chinese girl (future cannibal movie veteran Me Me Lay) has got rid of with her childish piano development work that falls in love with and then leaves in the middle of the night for no good reason, except for some Orientalist notion that "Chinese birds are invisible, aren't they?! " The film is rather degrading to its female characters, and there is a decoration of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterizations. The ending is striking when Maya's sheikh (without the end of the movie in some way) whispering all the girls away to her Arab kingdom for what looks like the world as a future in the white slave trade that they are all happy. <br /> <br /> Stuff and nonsense mostly then, but aimed with a lot of skills by veteran Val Guest, who puts it as a piece of film making a tick over most of the 70s Brit sexploitation flicks .
