To understand where this 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN comes from, consider this: Its final number song by Barbra Streisand for a seven-minute and forty-second close-up followed by another one and a half minute freeze frame of Ms. Streisand - strikes a Christlike bag - behind the final credits. Over ten uninterrupted minutes of Barbra's distinctive visage death center, fills the big screen with uncompromising ego. It can only be a kind of movie recording. <br /> <br /> Or think about this: Plot of this musical is about a love affair between two musical superstars, while Streisand's songs are performed in their entirety - including the interminable finale - her costar Kris Kristofferson is not allowed to finish even a single song he performs. And even though she doesn't allow him to contribute a little back to a couple of her treasure, they actually lower a duet. <br /> <br /> Or consider this: Streisand's name appears in the credits at least six times, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) - and she also claimed, but failed to get co -directing credit too. One of her credits was as an executive producer, with a producer credit to her then boyfriend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand controlled the film's final cut, which explains why it is so obsessed to tweak the film in its direction. What it doesn't explain is how it comes, given every opportunity to make The Great Diva look good, their efforts only make Streisand bad. While this was one of Streisand's biggest box office hits, it is undoubtedly her worst movie and features her worst performance. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the melodrama from Hollywood moves to the world of sex-drug-and-rock n'roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to stardom who shares the fast track in a For a while with Kristofferson's John Norman Howard, a hard rocker heading for the off ramp to Has-beenville. In the earlier incarnations of history, "Norman Maine" sacrifices his leading career to help newcomers "Vicky Lester" achieve her success. In the feminist seventies, Streisand & Co. make it clear that their heroine does not owe anything to a man, so the path is crooked; she succeeds with or without him, and he is pretty much near the bottom of the scene one; He is a burden she must endure in the name of love. As such, there is an obvious effort to make the leading lady not only harder, but almost reckless, while her farewell comes out as a hanging twit. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson changes through the film with a credible indifference to material; makes a little effort to give much of a performance, and strangely, it serves its effortless, noisy character well. Streisand on the other hand does not display a moment of honesty throughout his time on the screen. Everything she does works, if it is not practiced, at least also controlled. Even her apparently ad libs seem eerily pre-meditated and her moments of supposed hysteria cold mechanically. The two have no chemistry, which makes the central love affair absolutely incredible. You may assume that his character sees in her a symbol of his false youth and innocence, even though Streisand at age 34 does not seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction he has to offer is that she can take advantage of him as a faster way to star shape. And in fact, the film had the courage to actually play the material that way, in order to have Streisand's character openly play a widespread villain, the film could have had a spark and perhaps a reason to exist. <br /> <br /> But I think the filmmakers actually see Esther as a sympathetic victim. they do not seem to be aware of how cold-blooded and self-absorbed she is. But sensitivity is not one of the strong points of the movie: note the petty joke about giving Barbra two African-American back-up singers so that the movie can pamper itself in the lame racism of calling the trio The Oreos. And the film makes a great deal of pointing out that Esther retains his ethnic identity by using his name Hoffman, but the filmmakers have changed the character's name to the earlier films of "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand is not charged with a name that is too Jewish or too attractive. So much for ethnic pride. Backstage back stabbing and backbiting that continued the movie's release is almost legendary, so the fact that the film ended up looking so polished is remarkable. Nominal director Frank Pierson seems to have delivered the raw material to a good movie with great help from ace film photographer Robert Surtees. And the film served its purpose and produced a soundtrack album with decent pop songs (including the Oscar-winning "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Streisand). But in general, the film appeared to be the only thing Streisand claimed she didn't want to be a vanity project.
