I think everyone, deep down in the darkest, slimmest part of their heart, likes Jerry Springer just a little bit. While his show is unimaginably offensive and stupid, it also gives us a chance to see it, relatively speaking, most have really good. When you look at the trailer park livin ', the whiskey drinkin' incest lovin 'people at the Springer show, it even makes your worst day seem like a walk in the park. Jerry does a public service and we should be grateful. He judged a political career to host the show just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be grateful for in any way is the rubbish film "Ringmaster". "Ringmaster" shows how life is for people who stop being guests on the show, or they want us to think. The movie follows the predicted Springer history line: Love triangle. A triangle involves Connie, her daughter Angel, and her husband Rusty. The other involves Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When the two relentless groups meet in LA, their lives blend together and clash their heads, culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It would be like what "Short Cuts" would be if Robert Altman had a severe crack. <br /> <br /> The "Ringmaster" is true to the show as it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. It also makes me very happy that I do not live in squalor it's signs do. But the film has a problem. It's considered a comedy, but it's just not that fun. What laughs must be few and far between. Maybe some people look at this and laugh non-stop. If you think blowjobs and rape are fun, then I think you are one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the film in complete awe of the disturbing horrors of the white shell. <br /> <br /> Jerry Springer Show is just not supposed to make the leap from television to the silver screen. What is fun in an hour-long show (less when counting advertisements), it doesn't necessarily get fun in ninety-minute movies. Movies must tell a story, and that's something else, "Ringmaster" has trouble with. The story is accurate. There are so many plot holes and continuity errors that any attempt to tell a coherent narrative is quickly put down. And although there were no such problems, how much fun can you draw from a story of stereotypical people in a stereotypical story? Even the Hollywood formula couldn't do better. "Ringmaster: It's so bad that it even turns up the best part of the Springer show: The final mindset. Somehow, even the smartest and simplest aspect of the show comes up that is harder than the plain women who The movie is built up. <br /> <br /> The worst offender in all of this is Springer himself, he is such a bad actor that he can't even play himself convincingly. Watching Springer play Springer is sad. was going to a 'What if Woody Allen played Jerry Springer' vibe and he failed. Miserably. He went into trouble producing this disaster, the least he could do is try to make it just so much better. > <br /> Not to say everybody else in this movie appreciated a commendable achievement, just the opposite, they all sucked in. Not surprisingly, nobody in this movie went to greatness. , was that Molly Hagan landed a job at a Nickelo Deon Sitcom Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem hiring a woman starring in the most eerie movie of '9 0 is starring in a children's program. It doubts what kind of things the other adults on that channel have done in their past. <br /> <br /> Here are my last thoughts: What we have here is a group of people without self-respect and a man of money to burn who has met and put their resources together to produce a movie that shows how much they hate themselves and how little they think of their viewers' intelligence. Should we accept people who make movies that treat us as seriously brain-damaged lumps of goo? I say no. Somewhere out there, in this crazy, mixed world, there is a perfect movie for each of us. We just have to keep an eye on it. Until next time, take care of you and your loved ones. And never see "Ringmaster".
