I can't quite say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would be better if it was because at least the worst movie I have ever seen (Prom Night II) interested me enough that I hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater happened when I looked up at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. It had seemed much more like years. It is an endless repetition of poor people, (or what Jerry Springer seems to believe, poor people are), screw each other, beat each other, offend each other, and then repeat the process with the same attention on guard as the rest of us use when shampooing. The ground that covers how a group of stupid people lack their life badly enough to grieve the Jerry Springer mill, progresses solely because of the characters' idiocy. This makes it impossible to care about what is happening to them. It never gave me anything on the show or what they said, or who slept with whom. Maybe I shouldn't like them. Perhaps I should look at them as a kind of cartoon - to see their outrageous behavior as inherent fun. Too bad it's not. The humor is not monstrous. It is harmless. It is predictable. Humor must have something behind it, a kind of painful irony or life experience to work. Scatology is not white. An example. A mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. To avenge she marches over the trailer park and gives oral sex to her daughter's boyfriend. When I was over the shock of Jerry Springer's show long ago, I had the same reaction I had to Andrew Dice Clay's obscene nurseries, not laughter, just yawning. Finally, I found Springer's bag as a populist tiring and convincing. If he really was a lawyer for the poor, he would bring on a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise his children in New York City for $ 12,000 a year. Or if he didn't, at least he would give the participants in his shows a surplus of his profits. Jerry Springer gets millions of his shows, his movies, his book and videos. His guests get straight airfares, hotel stays and a chance to humble themselves. If he liked poor people so much, he would give them at least some of the money they earn for him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this movie seize some legitimacy for himself. Jeez, with all his good work, you would think he had already earned our respect. Still, the film is weak and boring. It doesn't even succeed to be offensive. If you want a better evening, videotape a bug zapper for one night and then watch it.
