The Vampire bat is located in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) Burgermeister meets with inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from the local Konstabulary on all recent murders, six victims have been discovered as many weeks drained by blood and bear the same two puncture wounds on their neck. Bretchneider does not have a single clue, but the village's superstitious elders believe that death is a work of the vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but the frightened villagers tell stories of seeing a big bat, meanwhile the last victim Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) has been found. Brettschneider comes under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that a giant vampire bat is responsible and if so, how should he stop it? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer The Vampire bat was a cheapie from Majestic Pictures to deposit the success of the two-star Atwill & Wray and their success in previous years Doctor X (1932) and is more of a murder mystery than a horror, since the exploiting and appealing title may have led you to believe and, frankly, it is quite boring. Edward T. Lowe Jr.'s script takes quite seriously and sets the basic protocol that there is something that kills local villagers and that something might be a vampire, so for most of the time, the film is focused on Brettschneider & his Incompetent studies that are not putting too fine a point on it, boring. The vampire bat also has a bit of identity crisis, as it doesn't really know what it wants to be. The title will suggest a horror movie, while most of it can easily be described as a thriller with the last few minutes falling into silly sci-fi. There is no Vampire Bat, the attempts to fool you are pathetic, all characters are broad stereotypes, and you can immediately tell the villain of the play. As a whole, there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but it's not an excuse, since the cinema has gone much since 1933 and a gentle, flat, boring, boring and misleading movie like The Vampire Bat just doesn't cut it these days, just look at the original King Kong (1933) released the same year and how excellent it still holds up today. I did not like it, and I doubt that many modern filmmakers would either have it as simply and straight forward as that. <br /> <br /> Director Strayer does nothing special, but it is a case in point I can cut the film a little limp due to its age, as a whole it is largely point, shoot and hope for the best things. There is not much in the way of the atmosphere or frightening, although some of the sets already taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European set on their backs are nice & add some mood to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, The Vampire Bat can't compare to anything even externally modern, for the age is okay, but I again, but again I put your attention back to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, it's star Fay Wray has a role in this, like the horror icon Lionel Atwill, I want to be kind and say that the play is OK. <br /> <br /> I want to imagine a lot of people thinking that it is a horror movie about Vampire Bats, as it is not actually, I personally thought it was a bit of a drill. It's short and it tells it's enough story, but I have to admit I'm not a fan.
