It is business to try to exploit to the success of others. Here we have a film with elements from the former 'Dracula' (1931) and 'Frankenstein' (1931) - in a Germanic city the village leaders believe that vampires (in the form of bats) have been the cause of the recent deaths of bloodless victims . Although shot at Universal (and at the Bronson Caves!) It is a Poverty Row feature; It is not reasonable to compare it to the earlier, more expansive and superior films. From the well-known and exciting chilling music of the main titles (which Mischa Bakalienikoff must have had) through talky but well-done opening sequence, we expect the arrival of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye to give us a good 30's mystery movie. Unfortunately, it does not happen. That's the disappointment. <br /> <br /> We get a little more than the formal elements of such movies, but with slow pacing, low budget, not enough of Dwight Frye, the exaggerated presence of Maude Eburne (Aunt Gussie) and the premise of Lionel Atwill ( Dr. von Niemann) to claim human blood or how he shows his soul over his servant Emil (Robert Frazier), has never made it clear. <br /> <br /> Don't see technicolor 'Dr. X '(1932) - also stars Lionel Atwill and Fay Wray, but as father and daughter - before I looked the way I did; It is an Oscar winner by comparison. Then see this first. Structurally, the 'Vampire bat is still not that good. It goes along with too much talk or unnecessary comic relief, without focusing strongly on the vampire villain. <br /> <br /> In addition to 'Dr. X 'and' Mystery of the Wax Museum '(both 1932 and contributing Fay Wray), Lionel Atwills most famous appearances are as one armed gendarmes in the' Son of Frankenstein '(1939) and as Moriarity in' Sherlock Holmes and the Secret ' Weapons' (1943). Dwight Frye steals all his manic scenes in 'Dracula' (1931). Like the 'young lovers', Melvin Douglas and Fay Wray have a nice kissing scene, but it's about it. He can be seen in 'The Old Dark House' (1932), and Fay is turned around by Joel McCrea in 'The Dangerous Game' (1930). Then there is her 1933 classic 'screamer'. For poorer time, money and rewrites were not available for this movie to better accentuate talents and chemistry by Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye. Unfortunately, this sad disappointing movie is only a 4.
