By the release of this film, director Mary Harron had apparently had the goal of clearly documenting the progress of Bettie Page's early modeling days' career to leave modeling to come home after the Senate hearings on the youth subdivision and her religious rediscovery in the 50s and so appropriately She is getting all these facts on the screen within the time she seems to have missed out on taking time to explain in depth. When you think of someone who had Page's career, you have it I think there would be plenty to discuss, her reasons, decisions, life events, personal trauma, but Harron avoids any personal exploration of the character. For the first fifteen minutes or so, there are brief indications of child abuse, domestic violence, and rape, but these are all hasty past and never referred again. You get the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) wanted to shine over something that was not glamorous and flattering. You go into this movie and expect to get a glimpse of who the person behind the posters was, but all you get is a list of things she did and recreation of some of her most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie really frustrates you while you look, desperately waiting for an extra layer to reveal itself. How did she balance her religion with her job? What made this young Tennessee girl move from modeling to bondage photography. The movie simply shows her to another modeling agency and puts on what she has been told, but it would certainly have caused some shock and reflection. It was after all the 50s. It seems to me that Harron is trying to make a point about how tame all this is by today's standards (Side never took pictures of explicit sexual acts), and how the reaction some gave this sort of thing was really overpowering. And even if this is true, it does not really work out in the eyes of others. Today we look at a young girl who makes topless and thinks nothing about it, but we should have had some sense of how shocking it would have been to a modern audience. This woman was a key part of a senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one is ever really shown to be shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically, I left this movie and just thought how exhausted it was. Harron and Turner have managed to avoid anything that could be unpleasant for a viewer. They come across as two lifelong fans of Miss Page and are desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could possibly put a bad light on their heroine, and have therefore avoided any profound probes about who she really was. (Before and after her career there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) And all that remains is the series of events that made up her career, without any substance behind it.
