On September 26, 1983, a brief dumpy 60-year-old woman litigated for attempting to murder Leonie Haddad, a man whose husband had recently died and had agreed to take a lodge that came through an elderly housing authority. Haddad was not reminded that her new lodges were actually fresh from Patton State Mental Hospital, where she had been imprisoned for an inexplicable knife strike on a married couple three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that something was "messed up in Denmark" when the woman began to lock in the bathroom with a tape recorder that recited prophecies about "seven gods". Haddad's fears were confirmed one night as she awoke to find her lodges sitting on the chest with a bread knife announcing that "God has inspired me to kill you". Haddad managed to knock out her attacker with a phone, but not before she had lost a finger and a little sharpness in her face and chest. It was a miracle she survived. The lodge was sentenced to be innocent because of mental illness, but sent, kicked and screamed back to the school of laughter. Ten years later, she was released and found out that she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation 25 years earlier when she became known as the "Queen of the Basket", "Tennessee Tease" and "Miss Pin Up Girl of the World" - the infamous Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, mainly known for 'American Psycho', takes us back to honorable days of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played solidly by Gretchen Mol), who unintentionally wrote the blue print for fetish iconography and whose influence can be demonstrated in everything from comics to catwalks. T.N.B.P is a day-time fun trip through an evocative depiction of the 1950s, where Page, with the family help of good-intended lovers and photographers, becomes the number one star of pocket-sized men's glossaries with titles like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her real dream of film stubborn avoids her and a brush with the authorities over obscenity charges in 1957 is the incentive event that leads her to retire from modeling and give herself to God. The overall style of the film is light and creepy and only instantly darkens with a reference to her father's incestuous attention and a sexual assault that inexplicably seems to have no noticeable effect on her. Mol plays Side as she looks at her photographs, happy, carefree and fun - even bondage shots betray a little more than a good humorous incomprehension. The film ends with the upbeat side, where you happily hand over Bibles in a park without stating the real life of unhappy marriages, personal tragedy, and decent in murderous insanity lying in front of her; Avoid what I think is the crucial core of Page's story - rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Having taken place from a decade of imprisonment, the site found that her cult had been on the rise since the mid-1980s and that she had become a major underground icon of how many asked "what happened to Bettie Page". Her "mysterious" disappearance fed fires into any number of conspiracy theories that only added the explanation of her legend. When the world media finally hit her, she gave no hints about her darker past, and she quickly gave interviews to magazines, T.V, and was photographed at Playboy parties with Pamela Anderson and the just tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She found out that she was now more famous than she ever was in her 'glory years', but in this 'resurrection of the resurrection' it was only a matter of time before the full story was to come. <br /> <br /> The only notorious thing about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they were left out when she was really notorious.
