"The 700 Club" must be the most compulsory television program in television history. To make matters worse, it has been in the air since 1966, which means thousands if not millions of people buy into their hatred and lies. Pat Robertson leads the innocent, megalomanic founder and leader of the "700 Club" coalition from misinformation to misunderstandings, sending out "news" that they like to think of and trying to convince the public that all the world's problems are blaming homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA researchers, and anyone else who does not share their fanatic religious views. It's actually the best fake news since "The Daily Show" or "Weekend Update" segment "Saturday Night Live" or the page "FOX News" for that matter. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes each of the decisions and says what's coming to mind and doesn't give an enemy who offends or hurts. Meanwhile, he continues his part in the struggle to transform the United States into a militarized police state by having the religious wrong keep their nose in everything they can and requesting a donation in succession - no less than a skinny $ 100 to stay a member, by the way - to finance Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies that have previously been reprimanded by the government for their environmental abuse. No, it was nothing that Pat was good friends with the genocide dictators in Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him acquire such wealth. It's all for God's greater honor, don't you know? And of course, the hosts of "The 700 Club" are always willing to read letters "written by viewers" that they like to say, by chance they are written in the same format and all on the same color paper of "viewers" allegedly healed by various ailments of the said hosts (they claim to have "words of knowledge" come to them) but which NEVER express on the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can anyone take a show seriously when they use a bad applause? It should make people wonder why there is no studio audience. The sad things that Pat's cronies and viewers don't understand or just don't want to realize are the horrible things he's done and said. This is a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks in the United States on September 11, 2001 were the result of God punishing us for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, given that Pat twice has publicly referred to the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the state department; I have some doubts that it was his wealth that prevented him from being arrested for such statements. His rants against homosexual, single mothers and any number of sexual practices he considers "sinful" are interesting, considering that he knew of frequent a number of brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, there are probably a number of children born to single Korean mothers. Then of course there was the time he asked for the murder of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint but still). Oh yes, and let's not forget the time this "crusader for human life" supported forced abortion in China. Very "Christian" of him, wouldn't you say? <br /> <br /> And just if Pat has forgotten, I have not forgotten his little speech that evangelical Christians today are "treated exactly as the Jews were in Nazi Germany." Honestly, comparing his "situation" with horror horror is almost unforgivable. When I talk about, do I mention how he blatantly lied that homosexuality raged violently among the Nazis in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted against homosexuals in the same way they acted against Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. If he were Pinocchio, his nose would envelop the earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe in him every day. This is your wake-up call, people; "The 700 Club" is one of the most controversial programs in television history. It's so badly spoiled; it is a wolf-in-sheep clothing. It's bigoted filth that tries to look clean, beautiful and loving. It is living evidence that hateful, dangerous religious views are not limited to particular groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that it goes against everything that Jesus taught, and if Jesus were to come to this "club," he would not imitate them. Instead, he would chastise them as he did the Pharisees in his time and overthrow their teleton's money jumping as he did in front of the synagogue at the time. All I can say is God that Pat had no chance of becoming president; If he did, he would be Armageddon's Harbinger - and not the good guys.
