Listen are some of the interesting things that our heroism believes Healer Pat, his son Gordon (TV ministry works like a family business.) And Terry Meeuwsen (Won Miss America in 1973 by wearing a swimsuit and showing off his legs. Oh my goodness graciously!) says when our bad viewers are sick and need help. <br /> <br /> 1. Someone with an "abscessed right tooth" has just been healed. Someone with "twisted bowel" has been cured.3.Tor Terry said there was a person with a "strange condition" (You think God does not know?) A burning in the legs that just got healed.4. Then Gordon said there is a man (who narrows it!) With swelling of the sinuses in his right cheek with much pain behind the right eye, but he is now cured.5. Anyone with a problematic right hip, limited movement from a stroke, is now able to walk. 6. Terry said she saw a person with severe stiffness in her neck, but did not know the exact suffering (God does not know?) - that the person is now healed. 7. Someone right on the right side, especially (not exactly?!) Right side of face has now been cured.8. A man (who narrows the world population again.) With a plate in his skull, there are ongoing problems, and the doctors just don't know what to do. Terry said she saw bone transformation around the plate (the funny bone ?!) And the man's pain is gone, he was now cured. Here's how our warlord Pat helps our sick and poor people. 1. There is a woman in Kansas City (Missouri or Kansas, but it narrows it down.) Who has a sinus, the gentleman dries it up now, thank Jesus. 2. There is a man with a financial need - I think a hundred thousand dollars. (I think their god should go to school or something!) This need is met now, and within three days the money will be delivered through the miraculous power of the Holy Ghost. Thanks Jesus. 3. There is a woman in Cincinnati with cancer of the lymph nodes. <br /> <br /> I don't know if it has been diagnosed yet (ask your avengeful God Pat!) But you haven't been well, and the gentleman fixes that cancer right now! (What?!) 4. There is a lady in Saskatoon (I am leaving Canada.) In the wheelchair's curvature, the gentleman is directed to our right now and you can get up and go! (If you have this condition ignore Pat!) Just claim it and that's yours. Thank you Jesus! Amen, Amen! When Pat Robertson had prostate cancer, did he go to Peter Popoff, Oral Roberts, Benny Hinn, Terry or Gordon? None! On 17.02.2003 Pat went to a BUSINESS DOCTOR to get his surgery! (You think he doesn't trust his faith healing friends, Terry or his own son Gordon?!) When LT Pat Robertson was in the Navy during the Korean War, he was a fire officer who was in charge of keeping officers bearing spirits. He was known for drinking himself and frequent prostitutes, and he feared he contacted gonorrhea. (Needed by a religious hero for help!) The reason why Pat was out of battle was that his father Absalom Willis Robertson (D Va of 1946-66) was chairman of the Senate Military Appropriations Committee. Terrorist Attacks, September 11, 2001 We have imagined invisible and consumed by the exercise of health, wealth (Pats worth between $ 150 and $ 200 million!) Material pleasures (a Virginia Beach Virginia mansion with a helicopter launch pad!) And sexuality (he had had sex with his future wife before marriage, as they had a son!). It is (terrorism) that happens because God lifts his protection from us. (Declaration released on September 13, 2001.) Pat Robertson reminds me of Burgermeister on Santa's coming to town, and his evil avenged god reminds me of Venger on the Dungeons And Dragons. <br /> <br /> Spoiled brat Gordon does what dad Pat tells him, and Terry is a paid yes woman who has neither her own! <br /> <br /> This will really grab you! September 5, 2005 edition of The 700 Club included a report by Christian Broadcasting Network correspondent Gary Lane from outside the New Orleans Convention Center, which houses mostly poor black disaster victims throughout the weekend. "A number of possessions left suggest the mindset of some of the evacuates" Lane said, "they include this voodoo cup with the words" May the curse be with you. "A shot of a plastic cup souvenir cup from one of New Orleans countless snuff shops appeared up on the screen. "Also music CDs titled Guerrilla Warfare and Thugs 'R' Us. "Lane said, pointed a pile or rap CDs to the ground. (His colorful father Absalom has taught Pat racism well!) <br /> <br /> If any of you good people ever think about donating for these sexist bigoteders, please in the name of God! Sponsor a softball or basketball team, give a food shelf, be a big brother or sister of a child, but please do not give to these people because they have existed for over 40 years and resolved nothing. <br /> <br /> If you still don't believe me, write Pat Robertson overheard during a commercial break on the internet and hit the search, and when you hear what he really likes, I certainly know you won't Give a cent to these conning liars! And, by the way, Terry once had divorce, and Pat has spoken against divorce many times on his shows. I'd like to greet the people of Dover Pennsylvania, Orlando Florida and the nice people who were hit by the hurricane Katrina and I hope it's e a nice day, has Operation Blessing been useful for New Orleans? (I doubt it!) Please let our readers know! I do! By the way, if you're sick, go to a real doctor and let everyone laugh at those liars and one day Burgermeister Pat, Gordon and Terry can go somewhere else and take their angry god Venger with them!
