I don't think there's ever been a more vicious or evil television program to fly in the US like The 700 Club. They are today equivalent to the Ku Klux Klan from the 20th century. Their hatred for everything that is good and sweet and human and clean is beyond all the ability to understand. Their daily constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people worldwide, who do not happen to share their confused, cruel, eerie and utterly insane views of humanity are all that television has ever seen. The lies they squeal and the ridiculous lies they try to forgo as truth as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil" are so horrible that they actually seem mentally ill, so lost they are in their imagination. Sane people know that religion is a substance and should not be dependent on that kind of imagination. But the 700 Club itself is in a class. They are really a cult. While I believe in freedom of speech, they are scattered against hatred, lies, disinformation, and such great ideas are beyond all limits. I hope the American psychiatric association will finally take the study of the people who deceive in this way, people who are so deeply immersed in the fantasy land of religion that they no longer have a real concept of reality. Treatment for such affected individuals is much needed in this country as so many people have completely lost their thoughts to the imagination of religion. However, the 700 Club is even more horrible as it rises to the legal definition of 'cult', but because of the enormous wealth of the 700 club (awarded daily by the millions of Americans locked in their fraudulent grip) they are over the law of this country. For those of you who have watched the movie "The Matrix", you know that the film was a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil ones at the top of each of the religions that drain those they have captured and violently abused. their own selfish purposes, and the millions who are kept in sleep and slowly drained by their life force, represent the many people belonging to religions and who have lost all the ability to perceive what is really going on around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, the good people would have driven such monsters as those associated with The 700 Club outside the city with torches and pitchforks. But in today's world, where people have lost all their choices in their choice of television presented to them, we have no way to free ourselves from the 700 Club plague. <br /> <br /> The television rating system and the "V" chip on the television should also have a rating called "R" for religion, so rational people and worried parents could easily screen such eerie intellectual and brutal emotions as presented by The 700 Club every day across the country, by themselves and their children.
