Several years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts skills to lay down a robot programmed to destroy him. He is also married to the blonde reporter (Stacie Foster), who led the rebellion in the first movie, now there is a new conspiracy in the works, one involving look-like droids, hitting our two heroes, and a company seeking to control the world (there is no plot to back anything up) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. I admit that I bought DVDs from the negotiating box made by PM. PM was a company specializing in cheap jack-action flicks (like this one) that had tons of explosions, little history and generally nothing but transparent action. Some of these titles have been (mildly) fun (Last Man Standing and Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 sticks with the charisma-less Don Wilson's exhaust. By comparing the protagonists in similar PM efforts, both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are Oscar nominees against Don Wilson. Another sign is that this was ruled by Richard Pepin, who has none of the flair Joseph Merhi seems to have in making actions that feel much more expensive than their budgets. Then again, although both C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to obtain. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a rip off with a capitol R, there are so many steals from better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier for even Halloween III!) That it is almost as if Richard Pepin is trying to instill a sense of identity for pedestrian material, yet without the intelligent ideas or at least the thoughtless zip of great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally no good idea that is not borrowed from a better movie and the supportive cast overactive. The only exception comes from Tony Burton, who is miles better than the material. Stacie Foster also looks as if she could be better with much better material. But Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes out mostly as noisy, bland and lacking as its leading man, but with no real martial arts sequences to fall back, all there is, many cars are tipping over and that alone is not a substitute for the bankruptcy of ambition expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of 4- (Bad)
