When they killed John Amo's character, they killed the show. He was the crucial part of the information structure. You had a story about a city family struggling to make it the best way they knew how. They were poor, they were black, and they lived proof that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too hard. Sure, James would lose jobs and JJ would fail in school, but the family always managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male model who earned the income and disciplined the kids. Florida was the strong lady that everyone would include James when he needed a shoulder to cry or hug to do it. The children had personalities and input, making them important as a family unit. Their neighbor, Willona, ​​was also a key element because she represented not only a friend but some loved ones enough to be family. Things were bright, cruel, funny and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ took over the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still mother, Thelma flourished into a lady and Michael was still the militant midget, but JJ was the show. We were expected to believe that the family without father or prominent breadwinner should be able to live in the apartment. I think Jamess's paycheck didn't do much for the family. They were only threatened with eviction because they said they moved and not because no one in the house worked. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael eventually got a job, but now come here for real. James worked so much that you could feel for him, but the others were not realistic at all, and that's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was comical relief, but I felt the show needed fabric. It's okay to be fun, but they had a chance to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world, and they threw it all away on a few laughs. Michael's character almost disappeared while the rest of the throw slipped into the shadows of JJ Evan's show. I really mean, here was a guy who failed in school, he continued to be dismissed, and he painted for money in about two episodes. James had always been there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to break. Why did it take him so long to understand that painting was what he was supposed to do? He could have sold painting on the street or work for people who print billboards and cards. (He did, but something went wrong with that.) Why didn't he do that, and why did the others give up on their dreams? I will tell you why it was because they did not have a father in their lives to care and cheer them, and their mother ceased to be theirs to support their dreams. The show stopped teaching us to grow, build and learn and began to learn about gimmicks and catch phrases. They should have kept James. If any show needed a father, it was one.
