Okay ... it seems so far, only barman fans have commented on this movie - time to a counterpoint. Make sure this writeup is * LONG *. <br /> <br /> For those who are not knowledgeable (mostly non-Belgian): Tom Barman, director of this movie, is the front man of the dEUS, one of the better known rock bands from the end of The 90s here in Belgium. Basically, they made a couple of very adventurous and innovative albums and quickly rose to fame at national level. Then, the egos began to hurt, and the band went pretty much apart, with the bartender and a few others continuing to make albums during the DEUS monicker. The way it always happens in such cases was post-breakdown dEUS very tamer and less interesting than the original. They tried to go to an international breakthrough with their album "The Ideal Crash" in 1999 and presented a very dilute form of their former songwriting state. They didn't quite do it. Although the egos were still quite large, it seems big enough for the barman to consider himself enough of an artist to try film. <br /> <br /> More often than not, this kind of thing is a very big mistake, and this movie does not make the exception. And the barman clearly went to * art * on this one, another very big mistake. First, he is a musician, not a film director. For another, dEUS at it's best made fun and provokes music, but never anything close to what I would consider * art *. It shows. <br /> <br /> So what is this movie about? Basically, it tells the story of a bunch of totally uninteresting people who do equally uninteresting things during a completely uninteresting Friday in Antwerp, as even more uninteresting things happen to them in being uninteresting. The characters are superficial, the plot is completely useless, and the film has just no other redeeming qualities to compensate for these shortcomings. Humor? The whole movie made me smile (a little) about. 3 times, and actually managed to provoke a single 5-second laugh (not quite high). Mood? The movie doesn't seem to show any kind of feeling or feeling at all. Mystery? Well, (* MINOR SPOILER *) the idea of ​​the "windmill" that inspires the name of the movie is as exciting as a banana pepper pizza - not much, and has been made a thousand times before (someone remembers Johny Destiny - one of Tarantino's worst appearances on film to date) (* END MINOR SPOILER *). And well, it's * artistic * so don't expect any kind of real action to make up for all of the past. In other words, except for the few smiles, it bored me out of my shorts. So what else is there? Well, the soundtrack is pretty good, though it suffers from some of the same problems that other OSTs have seen lately: first, the movie is like nothing more than a commercial for the CD. Secondly, it gives the impression that the barman is trying to hide the weaknesses and the lack of emotional content in the film behind the quality of content of the songs, which simply does not work. Finally, the movie looks like nothing more than an illustration for the songs. And unfortunately, it is Barman's own contribution to the soundtrack that gets the most attention, even though it is the weakest part of the entire soundtrack, as far as I'm concerned. All in all it is just to show that the barman knows more about music than movies. Camera work is also okay, but not something that would make you scream with joy. <br /> <br /> The only thing about this movie that kept me watching was the viewing factor. Since I came from Antwerp, playing a kind of "guess-the-location" game was fun. I would hardly consider this as a quality though. All in all, another chance of Flemish film lost. I continue to notice the last thing the best Belgian movies have come from the French part of the country. This is mostly due to the fact that they have at least something to tell and manage to tell in a way that is both sharp and emotional (the Daerden brothers come to think). Perhaps the Flemish art craftsmen should also try it.
