What we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with very little (almost no) cinema history. When someone comes up with a slightly more ambitious film project ?? apart from the usual drama about fighting peasant families or long feature films of local comedians ?? everyone feels committed to love it and even responsible for spreading good reviews across the country. This is especially true when the author / director of this movie is already a nation's boyfriend because he is also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. "Any way the wind blows" is by no means a bad movie, but it is absolutely overrated (if even possible within the boundaries of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even distant to offer original. This is basically the Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily life at first seems unrelated, but eventually comes to an end. The only thing that seems to unite the eight main characters at first is Antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and close to the climax they all gather for a party. The main problem with "Any Way The Wind Blows", at least in accordance with your own, lies with the characters. They are truly random, uninteresting and honestly do not experience anything that can be considered uncommon. Presumably, writer / instructor Tom Barman intended to portray Antwerp's average and permanent resident, but so seriously what is the meaning? One of the characters being fired from his movie projectionist job, another is a failed novelist who struggles with a marriage crisis, two siblings recently lost their father and the most "mysterious" one of them all followed by the wind, wherever he goes . There are a few more characters that regularly go through the screen, but they are even less worth mentioning. These people simply strike and much about very random issues (like life in the 80s, dates and each other's bowel movements) and philosophy of issues that no one cares about. Some of the dialogues evoke mild chuckles, especially the interactions between the twenty-two boys from Ghent, but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film actually works best as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an expanded and versatile music documentary. There are several stylish and nifty sightseeing pictures of Antwerp, and there is always beautiful music playing, whether it is really loud or subtle in the background. In general, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a competent and stylish effort, but too everyday and a little boring, and I am honestly surprised that most of its fans would have even bothered to see if it was not a Flemish production.
