This film was chopped, incoherent and constructed. It was also an extremely transparent portrayal of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (it is a stretch) and because the cover said that Andie McDowell was performing a storm in it. She wasn't. I'm crazy, I watched this movie with two guys, and we spent an hour afterwards commenting on how bad it was. <br /> <br /> WARNING: TOTAL SUMMARY DOWN! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a pretty hackneyed plot about an older woman taking up with a younger man for the serious disapproval of her two jealous single girlfriends. They want her to marry a boring guy of their own age who is a little in love with her. But she is so happy with her over-excited puppy that you praise them for keeping it out and of course she decides to marry the guy. But her harpy girlfriend, aided by the wishy-washhy one, sets up a plot to trick our heroine into thinking that the guy is cheating on her. It works. She has a fight with him, he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (remember the movie's title?) So now he's dead, two-thirds of the way through the movie. And though our heroine is a schoolmaster who spends her time watching over girls, she apparently forgot to use contraception and is pregnant. She has already broken the relationship with her girlfriends because they were so inadequate. Alone and pitiful, she decides to marry the boring guy. Did I say that the boring guy who kind of loves her is a minister? She had asked him to marry her to the young guy (cozy, huh?), But now she tells him she wants to marry him, and he apparently has no objection to being dicked around this way . But her girlfriends save her at the altar and take her home, where they are not quite adjoining that they were mostly responsible for throwing away love in her life. She has the baby. In the final scene, they leave it in a crib inside her house as they step out onto the porch to drink, smoke and smuggle. I'm not asking you, it's so bad. I have omitted that part of the red herring of the cancer and the ridiculous lesbian moment of the harpies.
