I almost went out, but I had paid my money, and my close friend who disgusted friend wanted to endure. After the endless, innocent innocence of "A New Hope" and the exciting sophistication of "Empire Strikes Back", I remember waiting for "the return of the Jedi" with almost painful expectations. But from the opening place of this abusive commercial wastewater, I was bitterly disappointed and raged over Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination shows undeniably that he does not have a subatomic particle of shame in his cold, greedy heart. Episode I will continue to strengthen this fact - your honor I call Jarjar Binks (but please issue barf bags to the jury members first). From the first uplift of the Jabba's Lair, this "movie" was nothing more than a two-plus-time advertisement for as many licensable, profit-making action numbers as Lucas could cling to it - the pig-like guards, hokey meat-pigtailed flunky that silly the muppet of Jabba's, the new and recirculated cabaret figures, the monsters, etc. etc., ad vomitum. Then there were the terrible sweet and negotiable Ewoks. To top it all off rebel alliance foreigners. Fifteen seconds each on the screen (or less) and the kiddies just have GOTTA one for their collection. The obvious, exploitative financial baiting of children is nausea. Lucas does not even break up with a new plot - he just excavated the death star from "a new hope" and head in a boatload of cheap emotions. What a shocking blow to his fans. I can't shake the notion that Lucas had a pervert pleasure in inflicting on his fans: "I have these lemmings hooked so badly that I can twist the worst piece of stinky dirt I could dream up and they will flock to the theaters for And scarfing it up And all the kids will rub and torture their parents until they buy the brats a complete collection of action numbers for every randomly undeveloped, cartoon-like caricature I filled in, and I get a piece from every single one. It may have been an eerie, partly handful, redeeming moment in this miserable rip-off. I seem to remember that Harrison Ford managed to just barely keep his nose over the surface of this cesspool. But regardless of the small few bright spots that may be, massively wiped out by the offensive commercialism, Lucas so hugely embraced in this total, absolute sale to profit.
