Freddy's Dead: The final nightmare begins as a dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood with no memory of himself, who he is or why he is there. The local police pick him up and take him to a youth center where the child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviews him, finds a pocket cut in the pocket that leads the two to Elm Street in Springwood, where they discover that there is no living children there & therefore no victims of Freddy kill anyone. It all turns out that it is a comprehensive plan by Freddy to find his daughter and use her to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is up to her, and some children decide to kill Freddy once & for all ... Rachel Talalay was directed to be the last A Nightmare on Elm Street movies that presently had reached five, of course, like any horror movie fan knows if there is still money to be made of a franchise or a sign, then there is no way in hell Freddy's Dead: The final nightmare was the last one that of course it was not . The A Nightmare on the Elm Street series has been a franchise of falling returns as the films fell in quality as the series went on until we came here and Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, which for my money is probably the worst of their mass . The movie moves at a reasonable pace and it is rarely boring, but it is so stupid, childish and feels like a kind of live action cartoon with some horrible set-up horror scenes that seem like a million miles from Wes Craven's exciting and effective early 80's original. The sequence in which Stoner Spencer is trapped inside a video game played by Freddy is terrible on his own, but then we are treated to shots from his body back in fact jumping around the house from wall to wall and floor to ceiling. which is quite the ridiculous thing I've seen for a while, or perhaps the early scenes, when the John Doe child falls from a plane down to the ground, like the Coyote cartoon character in the Road Runner comics or the absurd view of Freddy, Deaf Carlos threatens with pins that he intends to fall to the floor to make a loud noise or when he eventually kills him by scratching his knives over a blackboard. You can't take this seriously and I just sat there and didn't quite think what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero gets a secretly powerful special weapon, yes that's a couple of cardboard 3-D glasses! The character is poor, the dialogue is bad & the plot is confusing, it does not really hold on Elm Street continuity and in general the film is a bit messy, the best I can say about it is that it has quite a bit of unintentional humor and you can certainly laugh . <br /> <br /> The movie has great tonal problems as it tries to be dark, frightening and scary, but it is so stupid and just looks ridiculous at times that any attempt to be serious falls flat. There is not much going on in this, there are some cut fingers, some stabbings, some falling on a bed of nails and it's about it. The body count is extremely low here with only three deaths. The last fifty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The final nightmare was actually shot in 3-D, although the version I saw presented this part as normal, so I can't comment on how well it does or doesn't work, but you can definitely see shots to be seen in 3-D, which utilizes the process. The special effects vary, some are quite good, in fact while others are awful. Freddy's burnt makeup this time looks pretty bad. This apparently had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it had an opening weekend box office taking $ 12,000,000), and the movie has a couple of great visual details and gags that make it feel even more comic than it already is. The action is really bad from the main leaders, although there are a few weird cameos, including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp & Rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The final nightmare is probably the worst of the whole series and apart from some unintentional laughter values ​​there is not much to recommend or enjoy. Fans of the series will probably like it and defend it, but for me it is just as far from Wes Craven's original classic shocker as it gets. Followed by New Nightmare (1994), who tried to take Freddy Krueger & the series in a different direction.
