In fact, they do not, but they certainly did when trying to think of a unique line that sufficiently summarizes how horrible this post in the series really is. There were some moments that could have been good, but they are largely offset by their own transformation into missing opportunities, and don't get me started on the bad. The wasted opportunities are pretty obvious, but I want to pick them up here if anyone cares. Anyone who has not seen the movie and really gives a caste would be advised to stop reading at this time. The first, and possibly the largest, wasted opportunity, was plotted with Freddy's far lost child. Now, the extreme mental illness that Freddy seems to suffer (and I can rush to add that less than one percent of mental patients are a threat to other people, leaves alone to this extent) is HEREDITORS, so why not a mysterious type of slasher where Lisa Zane's character dreams of Freddy killing teenagers, only we later discover that it is actually she who does all the killing? Sounds like a good idea to you? It was clearly over the head of Talalay and De Luca. <br /> <br /> Then there is the trip to Springfield where the entire young population has been wiped out and the remaining adults are experiencing some kind of mass psychosis. Found enough, mass psychosis actually said in a realistic and convincing way, even though it is part of the fact that we are never shown too much. We just get quick visual hints about the massive loss of connection with reality that would come from the grief of any young person in the city who dies for reasons beyond understanding and control. The main problem with this plotel element, however, is that the city is left too fast and without real answers. This collection of scenes would have been much sharper with ten minutes of saying ... a sane citizen explains these visitors why the Springfield fair is similar to a horror show. Of course, horror movies are never noticed for their character development unless they are the kind of horror movies John Carpenter used to lead, but how do we really care when we know almost nothing about death? At least Wes Craven took the time to create his characters in the original and used a few cheap tricks to draw in the audience. It is probably the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead in a nutshell: it just doesn't try that All, let alone alone. <br /> <br /> On a related note I feel sorry for Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inseparable from Freddy's character. He has played far better characters in far better productions (eg Science fiction miniseries "V") and to always be remembered as "the man who played Freddy", he sells quite briefly. It seems he will never break the form of horror movie now. As for the rest of the cast, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserved to be permanently typecast as little more than B-grade horror props. Even Yaphet Kotto does not avoid this one unharmed, as his character is one of the most childish written in B-movie history. All in all, Freddy's Dead gets a 1 out of me. I would vote lower, but IMDb does not allow it. FD is really a testament to how an author's inability to exploit a concept to the greatest extent can destroy not only a movie but a whole franchise.
