* May contain Spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote my review for Hood of Living Dead, I realized that I might have been a little too hard on this movie. Therefore, I decided that I would do something I had never done before. Review the same movie again. Don't make me wrong, I still don't like the movie, I still think it's fun, and I still think the zombies don't see all the zombie ish. The story in the movie is still, in my opinion, weak and quite lame. The story is about a guy named Rick who works as a scientist (working just by working on a serum that cures sick cells, in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two are not exactly the best (my min, an original plot point) and argue a lot. One day Germaine gets shot in a drive, and Rick calls his scientist together to get the serum to revive Germaine (while most would have called 911, but anything), of course, the serum is dropped and Germaine "dies" (if it is did not happen, there had been no movies), after the police and corons (until the end of time I still believe that maybe the paramedics should have turned out) leaving the scene, showing the coroner van (which I still think was just a person's van with a "coroner" decal thrown to the side, and Germaine returns to life to attack and kill the paramedics. I wanted to talk more about the plot, but I feel that if I reveal more about the story, you wouldn't like to see it (and we didn't want it now, we would?), But enough to say that the story (in my opinion at least ) meanders and are quite slow moving (saying not calculated). As I have said in my review earlier, the zombies do not look as much as zombies, I still think they look like they have been in a fight. It is not to say that they should all fall due and not, but there must still be bit marks on the victims. Also, I do not like the fact that the director (s) continuously change the pace at which the zombies move. They couldn't really decide whether the zombies were running or shamble or not (as most zombie films do), don't understand me, I'm all about running zombies, but making your minds people. In a scene, zombie runs against living, and in the other he just jumps to them. And sometimes they just don't seem to be trustworthy (yes I know their fictional creatures but still), of course I refer to the zombie who runs the hand on the wall as if he was walking through a dark living room and I still don't do I don't like The zombie lying on the ground is being shot, so it is as if he was just shot. The sound of the movie also disturbed me, mainly the music, which although it may have just been my copy of the movie, seemed largely non-existent. Music in a movie is important people. Especially when sound editing sounds like the director just took a friends video camera and shot a little zombie girl. The action is still terrible (in my opinion) and is on a par with the American "actors" from the Japanese zombie film Junk. The movie is still bad, almost House of the Dead bad, it's better, no doubt about it, but then again it doesn't say much. It is not the worst movie out there, and it is better than very direct to video footage out there, but at the end of the day it was not good. I also think the movie is really moving really slow, even though it's only an hour and twenty or so minutes (and yes, I still don't like the opening song). This is the type of movie I think is suitable for premiere on the Sci-Fi network. Therefore, I am obliged to give this debacle a movie one in ten. But think about it this way, at least it's not a negative.
