I happened to spot this flick on the shelf during "new releases" and found the idea of ​​a hip-hop zombie flick too interesting to pass. That's how it was billed on the box, anyway, and I thought to myself, "What good idea!" Plus there is a "Welcome to Oakland" sign on the cover as well. How could I resist it? Unfortunately, the hip-hop section lasted only as long as the opening theme. Neither hip-hop music nor hip-hop culture played a major role in the film. Having lived in Oakland myself, I know there are many hopeful hip-hop artists there, so the low budget of this flick was no excuse for not having an appropriate soundtrack. Any number of struggling artists would have jumped at the opportunity to contribute to this flick. Why the Quiroz brothers didn't take advantage of this is beyond me. <br /> <br /> When the movie was rolling, it was a typical zombie movie with a throw that just happened to be completely black and latino. You might think this would put an unusual slope on the movie ... but it didn't. In one way or another, Quiroz Brother's vision of "city culture" boils down to the run and releases an F-bomb in each line of the movie. The rapid fire application of the word "fuck" is probably the most characteristic feature of this film; there were single lines containing the word three or four times, and no line contained it at least once. I'm not at all afraid of a movie, but the feeling here was that it was the result of lacking ideas from the authors (also the Quiroz brothers), and the manuscript was generally very poor. br /> <br /> The movie was generally a disappointment. It would have been interesting to see a true "urban culture" zombie flick, but "Hood of the Living Dead" does not deliver on that counter. The characters in the movie could just as easily be white or eskimo or something else. There was no clear taste for the movie. It's just another low bid on the picture with bad acting, lousy writing, amateurish direction, boring filmography, a cheap soundtrack and nothing to recommend it at all.
