In director Sooraj Barjatyas Vivah, the 20-part Delhi boy Shahid Kapur finds himself in the alley, small town that his father has chosen to marry. Drawn to her innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees with the marriage barely moments after he has met her in her home in Madhupur, and the young lady, Amrita Rao, seems like the floor of her charming suitor. The marriage is attached six months later, and the couple find themselves in the first well of young, budding love, their geographical distance regardless. But Amrita, raised by her uncle and her aunt after her parents' death, is hit by a terrible accident just hours before marriage. And then it is up to Shahid to play the honorable lover and to embrace her unconditionally. Much in the same vein as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new film Vivah at a level is a family drama with an extremely idealistic premise. But unfortunately, the plot of this new movie is outdated, even more removed than the regressive Ekta Kapoor soaps. And the problem is clear ?? You just can't relate to such creaking clean signs that don't have a bad bone in their bodies. There are many things that work for and against Hindi movies, and timing is one such important factor. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps Viva's plot may not have felt such a stretch, but today it just seems like a product of a mind stuck in a time warp. Perhaps the film's only sparse grace is the fact that it oozes sincerity from start to finish, you can immediately make that the filmmaker does not intend to deceive. Judging by both Barjatya's earlier films and by carefully examining this new one, you can certainly explain that Barjatya believes in a perfect world he believes in his good-as-gold character, he believes large families can live together happily under the same roof without the smallest shocks. It's hard to overlook how one-dimensional his main characters are ?? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virgin ?? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands is an hour and twenty minutes in the movie. Barjatya may think he is returning to his Maine Pyar Kiya roots with Vivah, but the truth is that the reason we embraced Salman and Bhagyashree in that movie, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun, is because they had such a fantastic chemistry. Because even though they were created in the same form as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these couples had mischief and masti. Shahid and Amrita are just incomplete and boring. For a movie that relies so much on music to tell its story, the filmmaker selects a series of 70-inch tunes that only further lowers the movie's dead pace. But if I were to choose a single reason to explain why Vivah didn't work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can relate to any of the people who live in Barjatya's history. For some, Vivah will give hope that a perfect world like this is somewhere out there. But I'm a bit cynical, I guess. So give me Madquila Madhuri by Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me the bratty Salman by Maine Pyar Kiya, I will even take the outrageous Karisma Kapoor by Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these dullards. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This is Vivah!
