If this documentary was not made by the famous French director, Louis Malle, I would probably have turned it off after the first 15 minutes, as it was an incredibly boring look at a very common Midwestern American city in 1979. A fun topic and movie footage looked almost like a collection of home movies. Considering that I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. Because it was a rather boring piece of lifestyle documentary, I wondered while I was watching, what was the message they were trying to convey? Perhaps it was that the values ​​are not as conservative as you might think - it was an underlying message through many of the vignettes (like the Republicans whose son was a draft resister as well as the man and lady who believed sex outside of marriage was just fine ). Or maybe there was a lot of bigotry underlying the cozy hometown - like more ugly ideas such as. Due to Jews for economic conspiracies, anti-black bigotry and homophobia, all were briefly examined. <br /> <br /> The little town of 1979 was explored in depth, and an idyllic sort of world was portrayed, but when filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressed thanks to President Reagan. This seemed very disingenuous for several reasons. First, the 1979 part was almost 90% of the film, and the final 10% consisted only of a few interviews of people who owed the president to almost anything but acne. What about the rest of the people in this city? Did they all see Reagan as evil, or that their lives had become more negative? With only a few updates, it seemed to be suspicious. Secondly, it is true that government debt doubles in the intervening years, which also made gross domestic product. And while Malle shows 1979 as a very optimistic period, it was far from it, since the period 1974-1980 shows many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general disadvantage. While I'm not a big fan of Reagan, because the government's growth didn't slow down during his administration, the country was generally much more optimistic than it had been in Ford and Carter years. While many in the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 80s), the economy improved significantly and the documentary program seems very one-sided and agile. Had the documentary film provided a more thorough coverage of 1985 and did not appear to be too negative to be believed (after all, everyone did not have their life worse - that is common sense), then I could have thought otherwise. Generally, not the wonderful documentary, some have proclaimed to be - from a dull movie in 1979 to an extremely oblique look at 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, it's just me or the movie DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems to have been inspired, at least in part by this movie? Both are set in similar societies, but the latter was a hilarious mockumentary without all the serious undertones.
