When I began to see The Muppets Take Manhattan, the choppy presentation and dialogue had convinced me that I saw something new so you can imagine my surprise when I came to IMDb and read that it was made in 1984. Jim Henson may be completed The Muppet Show as it was at the peak, but spin offs like this and Muppet Babies (which apparently are based on a very horrible sequence in this movie) are the absolute nadir for all things Muppet. I used to wonder why Muppets attracted such sharpness from such film reviewers as Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad The Muppets Take Manhattan (ahead: TMTM) put me right on one. Of course, many series have had a massive departure in quality when the third episode came around: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, Even Night Of Living Dead. So, while it's not surprising that TMTM is smaller than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise lies in how much less than the amazing debut or its slightly smaller follow-up TMTM. Not only is the music far less satisfying, scenes that link it all together are absolutely horrible. There are, of course, some redeeming and really fun moments, but they are few and far between. The Swedish chef is great in any scene he resides, so thank the spirit with little mercy that he looks in an order where his eccentricity is fully exploited. The problem is that there are no scenes that work. The story, as it is, revolves around a Broadway musical Kermit trying to be produced. He goes through many trials and hardships along the way, including the insidious suspicion that the viewer has seen that we have seen all of this before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work out of this time. Charles Durning was film gold as Doc Hopper, the proprietor of a fast food chain who wants to exploit Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was a dynamite like Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief, who Muppets must fight to save Miss Piggy from a lifetime in prison. The phrase is that a hero is only as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the magnitude of the two previous films. Charles Grodin also highlights what is wrong with TMTM. The music sucks. The opening number for the Manhattan tunes shows that it is in the center of TMTM, to put it nicely, makes the drive now dominating the air waves seem coordinated. I might just let my peculiar sensitivity to the sound of words and phrases come to me, but songs like The Rainbow Connection inspired tears of joy and not annoyance. Grodin's great solo during The Great Muppet Caper, while not having the same resonation, he lifts the film's tone in eight steps alone. He is the whole class. And if there is one thing that TMTM could use, it's increasing eight steps beyond achieving a class view. TMTM also feels seriously time-compressed, with the story jumping from stage to stage without regard to meaning or history. Maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion make a movie feel like a coherent whole rather than a mess of thrown together pieces. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> While TMTM has its guest stars, they are either poorly exploited (Brooke Shields and John Landis) or out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). To call this is a waste of time for both puppeteer and actor both flattery. The absence of an end credit routine is particularly sore here, after Dyr's "go home" postscript for The Muppet Movie in particular. Which highlights another problem. The characters are poorly written at best, with none of their individual quirks being seen or heard. Animals sometimes shout words at times, but they have nothing to do with the plot or the conversation takes place around him. Say what you want about putting pieces designed to show signs, but think of Animal's Moment after eating the instant growth pills or his "sowwy" after the incident, as he pulled the window down on top of his colleague Muppets. Now see if you can remember a single memorable moment with an individual Muppet, except for Swedish cooked hilarious misconception of three-dimensional film involving popcorn. Give up? Then you've proven my point. When Labyrinth, one of Henson's best and most timeless products outside of Muppets, arrived some two years later, TMTM makes more confusing. Perhaps this misfire persuaded Jim Henson to rethink his character development and use strategy. Or maybe misfire can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at that time had just finished working with George Lucas about what many would agree on is the most childish episode in the original Star Wars story. The authors were also involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I release them from the chin despite the fact that a script is one of the most essential pieces of a movie. Production is also significantly improved here, where Muppets seem to be able to move in ways that were past them. Had the story and script been better thought out, TMTM could have been at least comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. As it stands now, it is a good answer to the question of whether Muppet's writing is under the influence or excretion. That's why I gave The Muppets Take Manhattan three out of ten. Two to denote the actual quality, and a bonus for the Swedish chef's moments. Without him, this movie would be unwatchable.
