This infamous end to Koen Wauters' career came to my attention through 'Night of Bad Taste'. Judging by the comment index I was not the first, and I am not the last person in Western Europe to hear that this musician (undoubtedly one of the best on our contemporary pop scene, even the Netherlands agrees), tried to Be an actor. Whether he should have tried or not can not be judged. <br /> <br /> In 'Intensive Care' he is very sympathetic, but he seems to be uncomfortable with the girl he is in. No one can blame him. It deserves its location in Verheyen's Hall of Fame by all means and standards. The story of the Murderous Maniac Who must be dead in an accident but alive and angry has been told dozens of times before, and even without original twists, an instructor can deliver a more than mediocre story through innovative settings and movies. /> <br /> IC content itself with a hospital wing and a few middle class homes. The pace is boring. The excitement loses the last bit of its credibility to musical score, because any appearance of the killer is accompanied by a dull threatening melody followed by orchestral outbreaks during the m The sex scene is free, but not least appealing. The couple from Amsterdamned could have made it work. While dealing with the couple: The full sublot between Wauters and the girl does not work. A more effective emotional connection could have been established on the screen if they had just been middle victims, loosening their nerves halfway through physical intercourse. I do not even want to give the other cast members the value of a mention, for they should all have been cut into small, greasy pieces. In fact, most of them do. Those I remember, how obvious to the genre: a beautiful nurse and two police. <br /> <br /> Therefore, the cavalry is only in time to save itself in a slasher. The (anti-) hero must take out the villain, mostly through clever thinking, because former red bears do not often share in these films; they can overcome the illusion of invincibility that surrounds the killer. Translated to the events, Wauters kills the doctor and saves the lady in need. <br /> <br /> No people I'm not done. That's not how the story goes. Wauters does his heroic attempt, but is being turned up with a rage that comes close to "A Clockwork Orange", so it's up to the girl to pick up the drill's killing and pierce through the doctors' brains. Although this method ensures killer death more than the usual rounds of 9 mm balls, the doctor survives to allow the IC to reach 80 min. The marking. I should have made my point now. Intensive Care is a bad movie that can only be enjoyed by Bad Taste lovers who can verify Verhey's captivating statements and do something for themselves and thus try to sit through it. For example, the (unintended) parody value of the doctor's clown mask (Halloween) and the final confrontation in the park (the hunt at the end of Friday 13th). However, let me conclude giving an overview of a few measuring elements that give IC a little credit. George Kennedy is not one of them. All he has to do is endure a horrible monologue at a doctor / French actor and look frightened when he lets him flame to mark his big name on a stand-in. He could have played his Naked Gun part again to end up as beef, but with a longer screen time. The final can be one of them. I had never seen a lunatic be brought down by launching fireworks in his gut to crush him against a flexible fence. It's good to laugh. <br /> <br /> Name a good real point about Intensive Care ... Koen Wauters taught his lesson and dedicated himself to his musical career. It makes me wonder how many editions of the Paris-Dakar race he has to interrupt before coming to his senses. <br /> <br />
