The premise and the subject of making a criminal aware of what his victims were going through by catching his family hostage sounds promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part that was also handled 20 years ago with real finesse by director Ravi Tandon in his film "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is Ace Director Rajkumar Santoshi found himself in a kind of confusion about making it a fast paced action thriller (ie, Khakee) or an emotionally powerful drama (Viz. Damini), and this confusion is quite evident in the final result. If we ignore two of his Pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant instructor has always given us pretty exciting movies with great entertainment value. Therefore, this film comes as a surprise, what made this script's sensitive half-characterization director of both his protagonists - Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman. When the film passes, the audience did not know who hates and who to sympathize with, and this factor is the greatest limiting force in the complete narrative. Therefore, it begins as a war between a common man and an underworld ending as a narrow note of self-realization and regret of Don about what went wrong with his own family. The revelation of Don's son as a real villain does not come as a surprising element of the climax, which, compared to similar situation in "Khakee", served so effectively with Aishwarya's character. It's not all there is to it. The whole dramatization of an underground life operating from abroad looks rather illogical. His blatant landing in Mumbai, where he supposes to rely as well as to drive after his enemies and shoot them himself, does not look credible. With a mediocre beginner actor like Aryeman opposite Mr. Bachchan is not a good idea again, but the film has some pluses. Ashok Mehta's fine camera work, two good fighting sequences (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some light-hearted scenes by Akshay Kumar In the half-half, Santoshi's quick clever treatment and of course Mr. Bachchan who usually hard to put his life into his lifeless character. But everyone does not put this view into an exciting experience for you and your family!
