I saw it again recently and I found it warm to see the way they sincerely tried to bring the book to the screen, even though it shoestring budget and hammy actors inevitably meant failure. By an objective measure, this was a disaster, but I found it easy to imagine how good a Lord of the Rings movie could be if someone were to make a sincere - and with the money to hire the most talented artists and writers. Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, it won't be possible for a long time. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie left me with the impression that with any kind of budget at all, this story simply couldn't be filled up. Fantasy offers as many opportunities for making an interesting movie. There were many moments in this movie that were potentially more interesting than the way Peter Jackson did, though of course you always have to use your imagination because of the bad execution. The way they tried to show the world of wrap from Frodo's point of view, for example. Or how Galadriel showed Sam what happened to someone else at home. <br /> <br /> Another thing I really appreciated in this version - the silent moments. There were moments when dialogue was spoken without background music against a steady relapse. Compare it to the magnificent swooping camera in the Jackson movies and the intrusive score that seemed to be designed to emphasize how each scene was the most sharp and powerful scene we had ever seen. Jackson's film was full of their own meaning, it was quieter and very modest. Jackson and co hit this with more than $ 270 million in production costs, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, a massive tax exemption from the NZ government, and also got massive savings from joining NZ not the US. However, despite the marketing requirements, the intention to be faithful was never there. This is well documented. Philippa Boyens said so much in an interview when she said that they deliberately did not read the books again before they wrote the script. Jackson also stated that they originally intended to make a fantasy movie "like" the Lord of the Rings, and that the one he really wanted to do was that the King's Law was because it had many battles but no sign development. <br /> <br /> In contrast, this movie tried to be more true. Of course, there were many things that were wrong, the play was terrible and pretty much dropped, and the pace was too fast. Of course, they cut a lot and adapt other scenes, and they therefore deserve credit. While Jackson added a lot of action scenes that didn't serve any plot purpose, Bakshi cut book scenes that did nothing to promote the plot anyway. In fact, there is a curious resemblance between the structure of the Jackson and the Bakshi films near the beginning - both of which differ from the original books in the same way - although of course it may be coincidental. <br /> <br /> It wasn't a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi said in an interview to the Onion AV Club that only animation could do justice to the Lord of the Rings. His version did not work, but he could have been right.
