I haven't seen this movie in a while, so I'm afraid I can't be very specific about details ... It had some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt at an animated adaptation of J.R. Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that it went bankrupt at some point during production. Therefore, it does not just stop abruptly around the middle of the second book in the trilogy (with a kind of shadow of a hint of a sequel that was never made), the film itself sees less than finished. It seems that some characters were animated while others were recorded, but if appropriate, it is difficult to say. It all seems shabby and prepressed, especially the Orcs and Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is the big holes in the plot. Bakshi was busy completing this movie, and somehow he hoped to bend half and a half in just over two hours (the new trilogy by Peter Jackson does it about twice that time.) Too many important bits were left out (and I'm not just referring to Tom Bombadil, who I thought was nice in the book, but would look stupid in a movie.) And of course the end, which is all of a sudden and out of place. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to end the movie there or if he had an idea of ​​where to finish it. <br /> <br /> The characters ... yes, most were okay. The hobbits do not look that bad (except for gay Sam. Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy would originally make Sam a woman so there would be a feminine protagonist?) If you are a Tolkien fanatic (like me), see this movie (although I'm not sure to buy it. What special features does the DVD version have anyway?) But know in advance that you will not see a real 'Lord of The Rings Movie' but not much more than a historical curiosity, which probably doesn't look much better than the 60s version would have had the Beatles continued with their plan (I actually think a psychedelic LOTR could have been pretty cool. The idea was to throw George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you didn't read the book or didn't like it much or didn't like animation movies or didn't want to see a half-finished movie ... Stay away.
