Of course, it didn't matter to things to come (also "Things to come") as much as most viewers. That means there is a good chance that you enjoy it more than I did. In any case, you may find it helpful to hear the movie described from another point of view. <br /> <br /> Directed by William Cameron Menzies, who had so much experience as a production designer and even more as an art director, this is a film adaptation of HG Wells from his own novel of the same name. In my view, it helps to demonstrate why a great novelist may not necessarily turn out to be a wonderful writer. The film opens in 1940 in a London-like "Everytown". War brews and the citizens of Everytown are worried that it can reach them. It does. And it will be a decade-long affair that fundamentally destroys civilization. Wells and Menzies continue to jump in time to show us various scenes related to the war and its succession. We see two pilots, one descending, which is reflected by the consequences of their struggles. We meet a post-apocalyptic society that ruled over a wild warlord. We meet a man from a burgeoning futuristic society. We see the way technology is changing. And finally, we have taken to the full realization of the futuristic society around 2036, where the leaders discuss the benefits of sending the human to the moon. It may sound potentially very exciting, but it may sound just not like a movie. Structurally, the film is too episodic, with little to tie it together dramatically. At the third segment, I completely lost interest in trying to keep track of the characters. I had hardly been able to sort them out in the first few segments. There is a constant parade of new faces. We don't learn anything about any of them. <br /> <br /> It does not help that individual segments, with a few exceptions, tend to be awkwardly directed and edited. They are also occasionally manipulative - it can almost begin to feel like a propaganda movie. But perhaps contradictory, the segments are also a bit cold and dry emotionally. In fact, an elongated section is more like a music video / industrial advertising video. If there are shots on building the futuristic city with lots of big machines, lots of welding and so on. At one point, a guy who looks like an astronaut waves on the camera through a kind of futuristic glass. The music for this section is somewhere between militaristic and an overblown horror score. I cannot say that Things to Come consists of engaging material in the form of drama. <br /> <br /> But the common cry in support of Things to come is that it is "a movie about ideas". It may be true, but there are a few issues with it if you look that way. It still doesn't, it's a movie, that is, as a visual and dramatic dramatic work of art and two, there are too many ideas presented here. <br /> <br /> The basic idea is that of war and what it does to civilizations. It's a good thing to make a movie about. It is also remarkably prescient for World War II, when the things to come were written and filmed in 1935 (published in 1936). Wells has some interesting things to say about war, some of which go against the usual interpretation of the movie. For example, the end seems to indicate that another war breaks out or wants at any time. The overall message seems to be a little pessimistic. Wells seems to show that war is simply a part of human nature that cannot be excluded, even if it does not impede "progress" - in fact, it may be fuel progress, at least indirectly. <br /> <br /> It would certainly be enough for a movie. However, there are many more ideas here. The scene between the two pilots is one of the movie's more sharp scenes. It deals with a complex dilemma. A pilot has shot the other down, but now comes to help him. But the pilot, who was shot down, had a poisonous gas that now tows over the field. They cannot both breathe the gas without damage. A girl comes together. They only have two working gas masks between them. The pilot, who was shot down, offers his mask, which he says he is still dying. What to do? It's not that this scene itself can be stretched out to length, but the ideas - the bizarre complex that both help and try to hurt each other in the middle of a war - are enough to build a movie. <Br /> <br /> Another example. Under the scenarios with the wild warlord in the post-apocalyptic environment, there is an unpleasant contagious disease called "wandering disease" that goes around. It is being sacrificed to something like drunk zombies. The usual procedure is to shoot victims on the spot in an attempt to ward off the disease. This material is treated as if it were an afterthought. It's a good idea and deserved its own movie. <br /> <br /> Similarly, Wells presents the future community as controversial socialist ideas. It was enough for his own movie too. It's just impossible to handle so many things in 100 minutes, especially when it comes to being the core of the movie rather than the dramatic attraction. There is still reason to give things at least one view. If you are a sci-fi buff at all, this is a historically important movie. In view of Menzie's background, the production and the design are of interest interesting, even though the film maker seems extremely dated. It is also interesting to see how Wells was either prescient or retrospectively humorous in his "predictions". I especially enjoyed the possibility of progressing to the moon, which is reminiscent of George Méliès' 1902 A journey to the moon (also Le Voyage dans la lune). Just don't expect too much from things to come.
