The opening movie in this movie sets the pace throughout its ninety minutes. The shoots are generic, conventional and television movie quality. The snowy landscape is beautiful, but the characters contained in it have a similar quality to looking at a photograph of such nature, the overwhelming feeling is the distance. Some of the editing is quite high quality and a veteran professor's work, but the dialogue is, however, lumpy and artificial, and it seems to have little effect on "real" conversations. Any emotional insight is displaced in favor of swearing, which is, of course, the way in which everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and overwhelming, and the overall feeling is to be one of someone who throws cold water over his head, but as slow as you hardly notice, but in the end you feel pathetic and a little sorry for yourself. to be caught in such an incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> The mix of genres that Fessenden has apparently tried to use; Psychological thriller, horror and family drama, even if it is legitimate, suffer from a serious lack of excitement and interesting dialogue. The way in which man, wife and child-trio interact is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships played out in the haunting environment have been covered numerous times before with much better movies, one moment like The Shining (1980). The family unit here is torn by innocent problems that are difficult to understand or sympathize with considering the relative ambiguity of the script. <br /> <br /> The family unit is hardly stalked throughout the film, Fessenden plays the thrill of the story for a slow family drama for the majority of the maturity. The 'Stalker' figure Otis has few clear motives for his behavior, and although it is perhaps the most interesting and well-behaved character still very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty shelves of people, as it was extremely difficult to relate to, their relationship with each other is particularly invalid for any feeling or feeling. Although the science of Erik of Sullivan's young character of his parents is probably part of history, would any reasonable person ask their son if he allegedly spoke to someone who apparently did not exist? People can accept this movie as intelligent because of its relative lack of conventional aspects of creation-based horror movies, but this movie fails with which genre you want to pigeonhole it in. You can read deep psychological meanings in every minute's detail of something If you wish, but I think people would be better off than analyzing their blanket for some deep emotional meanings, rather than these vacuum sub-human creations.
