Problems with this type of film are that literally dozens of them are made every year. Fortunately, only a handful of getting a theater release while the others are being pushed directly to video or television, like this movie. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with this movie is its originality. It's one of those movies that uses the "Die Hard" formula for a tough but troubled guy in the wrong place at the wrong time. In this case, it is a character played by Casper Van Dien, who works for a security agency that thoroughly tests security procedures for businesses and individuals. In this case, he is sent to a cruise ship, which of course is hijacked. You can watch this movie as a mix of "Die Hard" and "Air Force One", and the movie doesn't even try to hide that these two movies were probably the biggest source of inspiration. So really, you can't regard this movie as an original at all. It uses all the cliches out of the book, and this movie really gives no surprises or anything like anything original. As you would expect from a movie like this, it has a very weak script. Or rather, it has some very lazy writing. As I said before, the film has nothing original, but also the story itself contains some elements that are far from probable and are simply ridiculous. I think hijacking a large cruise ship with only approx. 8 guys, half of whom only carry some small guns and then ask for a ransom of "only" $ 10 million, for a ship worth about 10 times, it is already completely ridiculed. How do they even intend to divide this money afterwards? Every person gets a little over a million or something? It is hardly profitable for such a large and risky business. And then there is talk of taking passengers into hostages. Somehow they manage to take all the passengers on the big ship raids, and they manage to put them in a room, with only one guy with his gun, which he doesn't even seem to be able to keep right and look at them. You never see more than 30 hostages, but as if they were all the people on board at that time. Also, when the Van Dien character looks for his son and vice versa, whatever space they go through on the big cruise ship, they always support each other immediately. Just some examples of the lazy writing in the movie. <br /> <br /> But of course it is an action girl, so the story is of course secondary. But then it is not like this movie has any good action at all. Half of the actors seem to have never held a weapon before, and the movie is filled with some ridiculous movements. It gets really ridiculous on points. Of course, the movie does not have the best actors, although I have to say that Casper Van Dien really is not a bad 'action hero' and actor, who, as a genre and B-movie circuit, is concerned. However, he also suffers from the same problem as Tom Cruise; No matter how old he is, he just never looks convincing enough to play a teenager's father. Van Dien once began as a promising new young actor, but the main role in movies like this really does not help much in his career. He is probably capable of something better, though he never really gets the right opportunity to show it. All the other actors also do a fair enough job, but their characters are just so formal that they never get really interesting. Oh it's not the worst genre movie I've ever seen, but it's also in It is not the most original or memorable. <br /> <br /> 4/10
