Just in time to take advantage of the long-awaited movie version of "Dreamgirls" is the DVD release of this half-forgotten 1976 musical melodrama, which also takes into account Supremes as inspiration. Released five years before the Broadway opening of "Dreamgirls" and partly set in the same period, it has a predominantly black cast and a story about a forward-looking girl group and this is where the similarities essentially end. Written by Joel Schumacher well before becoming a big-league director of mainstream studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this movie seems to be on the surface. True to shaping, Schumacher weakens the story and character development by injecting an abundance of clichés and eye-rolling one-liners. Sam O'Steen, a highly regarded movie editor, but neophyte director, has little affinity to build musical tracks as a low-budget television movie with a frustrating episodic structure. The story follows three Harlem sisters - sexy sister, self-righteous Delores and sweet Sparkle - as they sing in the church choir, meet smooth talking but well-intentioned boys Stix and Levi, and then find their first taste of success as a singing group - first as a sweater with sweater, called the hearts and then as a sparkling trio known as sister and sisters. But of course there are problems beyond the stupid name of the group - Sister gets involved in the unpleasant drug dealer Satin Struthers, who beats her and makes her a cocaine junkie; Levi goes to jail for being caught in a drug-taking for satin; Stix gets frustrated by failure and vice versa turns to some Jewish mobsters for financial help; Delores just gets smart and the bad little Sparkle has to decide what kind of future she wants. A big plus is that R & B Great Curtis Mayfield wrote the atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, "Look Into Your Heart", a real winner. The solid caste performs best under the cyclical conditions. Lonette McKee's bold attempt to make her sister a tragic figure is undercut by some of the ham-fisted plot twists, including a sad Billie Holliday-like ride on Mike. Before they hit the big on primetime TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian show Harewood Stix and Levi with boyish vitality, if not much credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively quiet trip as the girls' patient mother and a pre-"Fame" Irene Cara, who effortlessly exhibits sincerity in the title role (although her client and hair stylist must be shot for the hideous look she achieves in it) last scene). The DVD only comes with the original theater film, complete with a spooky voice-over by DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD on five of the movie's songs not performed by the original cast, but by Aretha Franklin from her 1976 recording of the soundtrack. It's not a horrible movie, just an interesting if missing curio that happens to cover the same reason as "Dreamgirls".
