Like last year's event, WWE New Years Revolution 2006 was overwritten by an Elimination Chamber match. However, the difference between last year and this year's match was the entertainment value. In fact, only three people stood a chance to leave the Pepsi Arena in Albany, New York with the WWE Championship. These men were present master John Cena, Kurt Angle and Shawn Michaels. There was no way Vinnie Mac would put the belt on any of the rookies; Carlito or Chris Masters. And Kane? Kane held the last WWE Championship in June 1998 and it was only for one night. It was obvious that he was not one either. Last year's match was an exciting affair with six of the best WWE had to offer. 2006 was a predictable and disappointing affair, but still in the night's battle. <br /> <br /> The only surprise of the evening came after the bell had run on the main event. Out walked Vince McMahon himself and demanded that they raise the chamber. It was then announced that Edge paid his money in the bank competition ever since. Without the time to prepare and just to win the Elimination Chamber match, John Cena did not give a chance and dropped the title for a mirror for one of the most entertaining heels in WWE. This was the only entertaining piece of action that happened all night. The sub-card, as last year, was really terrible. Triple H and The Big Show sat at a string party that had me struggling to stay away. HHH picked up the prize, but it was never in any real doubt was it? Any pay-per-view that has both Jerry Lawler and Viscera wrestling on the same card will never have a chance to succeed, really does. The King pointed to Helms (who books these things?) And Big Vis tasted defeats against the wasted Shelton Benjamin with some help from his mother. <br /> <br /> The women in WWE also had a busy evening. There was the usual Diva nonsense with a Bra and Panties Gauntlet match which was won by Ashley and the Women's Championship was also on the line. In a fight I thought I would have been back to brew to WrestleMania 22 Mickie James challenged Trish Stratus in a good fight. Trish won the competition, but it was clear that this will continue for the foreseeable future. <br /> <br /> The emergency opening competition soon became WWE Champion Edge against Intercontinental Champion, Ric Flair. This could have been better, but it was a battered and bloody Flair that was retained after a disqualification. Edge obviously had bigger fish to roast. So the New Year's Revolution started on the calendar 2006 pay-per-view calendar. The only good thing about it is knowing that for WWE is the only way up. They don't get much worse than this.
