Are you familiar with the concept of children's artwork? While it's not the best Picasso, every three-year-old has ever accomplished with their fingers, encouraging them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason why a parent should hold it back on a child. Typically, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the reason for their future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of children's artwork is how I felt about Fuqua's depressingly cheap and motionless film Bait. In all accounts, it was a horrid movie, it was impressive to see that Fuquas style began to emerge through even the most magnificent moments. If you've seen either Training Day or King Arthur, you'll be impressed by this director's birth in his second movie Bait. While Foxx delivers a horrible, eerie performance, there are some scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate its brilliance behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only occurred in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you only focus on these scenes, you will see why Fuqua's name appears on so many "Best of ??" movie listings. <br /> <br /> I will never disagree with anyone as Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to place a camera in the strangest places to convey the simplest feelings is shocking. I am surprised that more of Hollywood have not boarded this trolley. Even in the stupid function of Bait, you are witnessing to Fuquas greatness. Two scenes that come directly into mind are the explosion scene near the center of the film and the horse scene close to the end. In both of these scenes I saw the director Fuqua at work. Alas, in the rest of this movie, all I saw was a combination of almost every action movie created. The resemblance right down to his luck, which suddenly finds his life reversed by an unknown force, is a classical structure that just needs to die in Hollywood. We've seen these two often, and no matter who you are (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can't re-create the wheel. It's just impossible with this genre and it's proven with bait. I was annoyed with Fuqua just to sit back and let this happen, which could explain why it took me three views to finish this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and while I was hoping that Fuqua would redefine it, he didn't. <br /> <br /> Then there was the actor. While Jamie Foxx has never impressed me as an actor, I was willing to give this healed vehicle a try. I wanted to see if he could pull another dramatic role like Collateral. I was under the impression that this was perhaps the movie chosen to show producers that Foxx could handle the role of Collateral. Again I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was the way his character was supposed to be, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Foxx felt the time to fully educate Foxx on what should be ad libed and what to be used for further plot. Instead, we are dimmed with the scene over the Foxx scene, and just trying to make the audience laugh. Adding other long quips and culture statements just to keep his audience understanding that he was a comedian first, an actress second. Fuqua should have stopped this immediately. Foxx's jokes destroyed his character, which in turn left me with something solid to understand. Instead of character development, he would crack a joke. Neither style worked, no joke was fun. The rest of the casting was average. By this I mean that I have seen them all in similar roles. They do not burn anything new to the table, nothing solid about the story and nothing significant for the film's overall themes. They were pans that filled the dead airspace. Fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final judgment only supports that accusation. All in all, it was a sad movie. With no creativity in sight and unmanageable actors just trying to get up, it initially started off as a decent story at the end of the cinematic quicksand. Foxx was annoying, without character lines, and a complete bag of cheese. In each scene, I experienced no emotions, and when emotions were needed to convey a message, he chose to take his shirt away rather than tackle the problems. Are my words tough? I do not think. When you see any movies, you will see some creativity, some edible signs and themes that seem to be close to home. Bait did not contain any of these. While I want to give Fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this movie, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently I took the bait when I rented this movie, but now I have seen it, hopefully I can stop others from taking the curious nibble. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** out of ***** (for his two scenes that were fun to watch)
