666: The child starts off as a plane crash, the only survivor of flight 666 was a young boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart), adopted by news reporter Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her cameraman husband Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after they covered the event for Channel 6 news. Initially, Donald looks like a normal child, but death seems to follow him after warnings from a Nun & Vicar Scott begin to believe that Donald is evil and the cause of all the deaths ... <br /> < br /> This straight-to-dvd horror flick was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson and one must say 666: The child is really quite poor. When I see The Asylum being responsible for a movie, I am worried that I will be very worried as their track record is terrible. They seem to specialize in making and / or distributing low budget horror movies, which are usually rip-offs of some recent successful big budget horror movies & in the case of 666: The Child you don't need a degree in rocket science for to realize that it is a complete rip-off for cash at the latest The Omen (2006), which was released the same year. The manuscript of Benjamin Henry & Austin Laurel is terrible and simply cannot match the level of ambition of the Hollywood equivalent. I just mean exactly what Donald Antichrist expects to achieve from a middle-class family in a small town? It is hardly a good starting point for causing the destruction of the global world is it? Each character in 666: The Child is a form of the main character from The Omen, the adopted parents, the pastor trying to warn them and the creepy babysitter. There is a real lack of incident, there is hardly anything going and the plot is poor. I think Donald kills a dentist because they were trying to repair the teeth, are just so random and superfluous, what were all the disgusting pictures that Donald was about, where the babysitter came from and there is nothing that ties everything together And it's just a disparate mess that just gets very boring very quickly. The references to number 6 are also annoying and are very useless. <br /> <br /> Director Perez does well, I assume it is competent if nothing else. There is almost no blood or gore, there are a few blood vessels, a cut off hand, and a person gets a circular saw attached to their face, but it sounds much better than it looks on the screen. It is certainly not scary, there is no atmosphere thanks to a consistently gentle modern setting in a suburban house, and there are no tensions, because we never really know what Donald is trying to do, and there is no threat from him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is okay, it is reasonably well made, but since the actual film is so bad, it makes a little difference. The action is not that great, but at the same time I have seen worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The child is a poor man Omen rip-off, I will soon see either the original or the replay of this any day of the week. Not good & definitely not recommended. Followed by sequel 666: The Beast (2007), which also went directly to DVD.
