THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, finds himself in a rehab center with some others also injured. And there he must face a hard new life, limited to a wheelchair. It is an interesting and promising premise, but unfortunately it does not avoid implementing. What follows instead is pretty much Hollywood schmaltz, with some interesting moments. Certain casts (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, et al.) Are brilliant and work well here as you would expect, but their talents are wasted. The characters are mainly stereotypes of one kind or the other, and most of them are thoroughly uneven (Snipe's character is the exception). I suppose this is a kind of attempt to break through people's ideas that disabled people are "crippled" or "weak" by portraying them mostly as in your face, but it gives a totally annoying experience. Admittedly, it will show you something about what those with permanent disabilities are going through in a way that is not softened or romanticized, which is useful and a good idea, but while the process is depicted, one can make a difficult person come Along with, and it is worth dealing with, it is not part of the fact that these signs must be in varying degrees contemptible. They should also not be disneyfied; surely there is a place somewhere. At the conclusion of the film, Eric Stoltz's character has come to accept his status as a disabled person, but since he is such a fiery narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, we couldn't fit less. <br /> <br /> In addition to its character problems, the movie suffers from the nice syndrome that so many Hollywood movies suffer from; The syndrome doesn't really have an official name, but you can call it "inexplicable forgiveness syndrome". Something like this: characters abuse crap out of each other, and so without as much as an excuse, everything is forgiven (a particularly unpleasant example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, where a character spends most of the film oral bullying all together in earshot, as a result they love him In one of the latest examples, spiderman spiderman 3 leaves the sandman a piece of manhattan, then wails on spiderman for what looks like about 15 monotone minutes before waving with what answers for "goodbye now"). The most egregious example of IFS in The Waterdance is an order, after which Wesley Snipe's character, after being called the n-word of William Forsythe's racist biker character and his friends in the previous scene, throws it up with the same Forsythe character in the next scene as if nothing had just happened a short time hence. Again, without as much as a "Oh yes, sorry about that business where I know you called you n-word". Does it make me wonder that these people actually watch these movies before they release them, or are they just filmed with their closed eyes, merging them into the editing room for stage numbers and calling it a day's work?
