For those with little time on their hands, I'll summarize it quickly, in a word ... pathetic. There are many good examples of why this film fits perfectly under this description. So much so that you can hardly walk through 2 minutes of screen time without seeing anything totally silly and meaningless forced on you. Want a completely nude woman for the first 10 minutes? You got it! The reason she looks is so pointless even though it really sets the tone for the rest of this piece of youth chore. You can almost glimpse into the bad minds of the 12 year old boys who wrote this piece of garbage just by looking at this crap that they expect the public to actually pay for !! ?? !!! <br /> <br /> I've seen many movie franchise declines over the years, but American Pie; Beta House should be one of the worst offenders when you consider that, despite the original movie's average character, it is still a thousand times more fun than this boy. The plot is predictable, and sometimes you actually feel that you are seeing a school game. The things that happen in this movie are so unrealistic that it requires a lot of suspension of disbelief to actually see it (we speak Star Wars suspension levels, like the kind you need to convince yourself Jar Jar is real) <br /> <br /> The plot is paper thin and for the most part, the events that show are only there to show another pair of breasts or create another pathetic joke. There is no theater talent to talk about, all you get is a bunch of beautiful boys trying to make us laugh. And ohhh how they fail !!!! Every gag falls flat and the only thing I laughed at was how socially ignorant scriptwriters seem to be. How else can you explain the twenties ** t they try to pass on as a story? <br /> <br /> They survive every opportunity to do something worthwhile and entertaining for the poorly written, lowest common denominator nonsense. The characters have to complete a certain number of tasks before they are accepted as members of the Beta House, but this is mostly dealt with by a number of very short assemblies that involve performing the tasks, but we see little or no evidence of what actually happens. It's a very lazy way to tell a story. It also misses opportunities to be fun by doing so. (Imagine saying The Wizard of Oz, where all the important events happened instead of it, and all we see is Dorothy high-fiving scarecrow over and over again and saying "Give it sure was a great adventure we just had back then ") Lazy. Lazy. LAZY !!!! <br /> <br /> The female characters have little or nothing to say. All they do is become naked without apparent reason and are used as visual props through most of the film. You braindeads who are only looking for T&A will not be disappointed, but for that reason you are just ashamed. If you buy this on DVD, you will contribute to society's downfall in your own special way. Congratulations.
