Stifler, has finished driving his naked mile and is now participating in Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run around naked and geeks are fun and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a crap movie, but I found it significantly better than Band Camp. It seems that they have gone back to what didn't work for them, and it shows they don't care either. You can tell where the audience is and they nailed it perfectly. Young adolescent boys who like to see naked women, raw humor and beer drinking will love the Beta House, everyone else can basically overlook. <br /> <br /> Star Wars became a massive success that stunned the audience with it's special effects ahead of its time. The Lord of the Rings created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzled the eye. The matrix changed the way in which action and sci / fi movies were made, especially with the advanced special effects. With all the advances in technology, we eagerly await the next big thing that will have our jaws fall to the floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When people have created spaceships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, what creates life is the thing you see so many times in pornography, created, and time is slowing down to show us, white remains are shooting across the space of a teddy bear. Is it fun? Disgusting? None of them? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising considering previous titles. Does the movie need it? Of course not, does it ever go before the plot, does it ever? Does it ever get a laugh? Is it ever getting young boys awakened? Yes the women are beautiful, but if I am the one who thinks there is too much nudity, then you might as well have made a porn. <br /> <br /> The female who captures the protagonist's feelings is beautiful and does not interfere with the viewer that previous girls have done in the series, but not once did I ever think that this character would ever do what she did. I'm pretty sure every action from the characters in this movie is far from realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from reality to a fantasy world. None of the events in this movie would ever happen if they ever did so I need to go to this school immediately. Is this movie supposed to make people feel they are doing well? It doesn't, we see them well, at the end of the movie we hate them for all the fun they have. <br /> <br /> There is a "Deer Hunter" scene in movies, but to make it "fun" for today's audience, they decided to replace bullet-proof bullets. Are you scaring anyway? Instead of shooting with the sperm in the head or face, they place the gun in their mouth. Are you on the floor laughing yet? The first time we are introduced to Stifler's roommate, he has sex with his girlfriend. Do you rejoice in nudity yet? The film initially seems to be about the boys trying to enter the house, but then it changes to those who are already in the house, but need to perform certain tasks. Then it turns into a competition between nerds and the boys. A little bit of "The North Revenge" is going on for us, and it seems to be out of place. I honestly don't know what this movie is about because it goes everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy seems compelled to shock. Even at the beginning with the father showing his son the list of people, he has had sex with. The knowledge is in there somewhere, I think his wife may not be the last name on the list, or it might have been that one of his son's friend's mother was on the list. Either, it doesn't work. <br /> <br /> I think if you haven't guessed it yet, this movie is not fun. Nor does it seem to be focused, the story is pathetic, and the so-called raw humor that the series has been known for does not shock. Skip this lame installment and any future. I don't know why I've seen all the records in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found their way to my eyes.
