... that Jamie Foxx would ever deliver a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was because I would not imagine he would ever keep Oscar from seeing his hammy, unpleasant acting in films like "Bait" and "Booty Call ". If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx would one day win an Oscar, I'd laugh right in their faces. Who knows? Perhaps he is better at holding on to drama, because if you see "bait", it is obvious that comedy is not his forte. I swear, Jamie wriggles so much in this movie that I'm surprised his face didn't fall. And why should he make the stupid voices for any chance he gets? Anyone who is familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that making comedy does not require being loud and uncomfortable. If a joke is fun, it's fun. If it's not fun, make it a bit crazy accent not to make it more fun. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try to act is that they favor being laughed at being in character. In real life, normal people do not always have witty comebacks and quips. As Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "Taxi Driver", it is important to be fun as your character, rather than being fun as a comedian. A good example of Jamie who violates this rule is the nauseating horrible scene where his mug shot is taken and he begins to pose for the photographs as a model. If an ordinary person was thrown into jail, would he really work goofy while he had taken his mug shot? And wouldn't the police try to scold him if he was? There are many scenes throughout the film. Another horrible sequence is one where Jamie sits on the relentless phone with the villain and he begins to make a fake Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie never seems to recognize the time of a joke. Giving a comic performance requires patience while he goes straight to the battle line, whether it is the right time for it or not. I'm not even a big Mike Epps fan, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie's. In fact, it was the first time I felt a little relieved when he wanted to look at the screen. Epps has the same mistakes when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more low key approach. One of the few bright spots in this comedy is David Morse, a heavily underrated actor, who is mostly known for his supporting roles as villains. He seems to be the only actor in the movie involved in founding it in reality. But the second "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is disgusting over-the-top like the villain. A big surprise, considering that he did an excellent performance in "The Green Mile", also plays a heavy. Antoine Fuqua has proven his instructors in films such as "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day." Even in "Bait" he shows that he can lead a hell of an action sequence. His only problem seemed to be in the discipline Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half the script with a bad joke after another. Unless you are a drowsy fan of Foxx, do not take bait.
