I can't believe we saw this total piece of shit, but we did, and I feel obliged to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the protagonists announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not disregard the typical PC nonsense and figure it needs to improve because it will not. If his fagoty girlfriend hangs over him doesn't make you sick, then be grateful that the freak who wrote and / or directed this grossout somehow tries a little restraint. I mean, get real. It is one thing for there to be a homosexual character that appears in a movie in such times as these, but quite differently to keep it on the screen constantly and closely and personally when liner notes clearly indicate that the girl's shell is about a mother seeking a kind of "closure" over her daughter's sudden death. What has one thing to do with the other one might be tempted to ask? Apparently the two problems are invariably interwoven. And if it wasn't bad enough, there is the bearded lady on the ice. I mean seriously, haven't the poor woman ever heard of electrolysis? Why should she go around? At least, what about shaving away the ugly thing, and while you're aware, these horrible moles have also been removed. Do you want to slam an ice cream, she just served you? I do not think. It must be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> You think Diane Keaton can save this piece of drag but think again. Was she actually trying to put a lipstick on a body? I don't even want to think about it. So what if the body was to be the one of its own dead daughter. This grotesque excuse for cinema is slop from the word go and that's all there is to it. You want each of these characters to just go into the waves and just keep going. None of these flaky people even get our sympathy for a moment. Trust me - pass this piece of crap. It's not about death, a mother who inadvertently choked her daughter, or even the other much more creepy issues it stops bringing up, no matter how little you want to hear. It is a burden of perverted garbage from a misguided and talented director.
