The reason for this horrible movie is so fierce that I have posted the spoiler's warning because I am unsure whether I am giving anything away. The audience first sees a man in the Jack the Ripper assassination an old man once a hundred years ago. Then we are up to modern days, and a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We get an incredibly long walk in this house, and the man sees a figure in an old mirror. Some 105-year-old woman lived there. There are also large iron panels that cover a wall in the cave. An old-fashioned razor falls out when they renovate and the man holds it. I think he is obsessed with the shaman because he starts to have nice dreams. Oh yes, the couple are not able to get a baby because the man shoots items. <br /> <br /> Some mold appears to climb the wall after the pair removes the iron plates and the shape is in the shape of a person. At the end of the story, there is a plot about a big pause and the man kills the bodyguard and a colleague and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who knows?? Nothing is explained Was the 105-year-old woman's serial killer? Baby sister? Why were iron plates put on the wall? How would it hold the serial killer in the basement? Was he locked down there by his family and starving to death or just hiding? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron plates ?? He's never seen again. Why was the serial killer killing people? We only see one old man murdered. Was there a pattern or motif or something ?? WHY does the wife suddenly become pregnant? Is that the demon god of the serial killer? Has he managed to infiltrate the man's sperm? And why, if the man was able to suppress and murder a great, greedy security guard, is he unable to overpower his wife? And how strong is the tension system in Australia that would knock him over the room just to cut a light wire? And why does wife stay in the house? Is she now obsessed with the serial killer? Is the child becoming the killer reincarnated? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The only pleasant aspect of this story was seeing the man driving around in just his boxer shorts for much of the time, but even that couldn't solve this muddy, incoherent mess.
