German nut Jörg Buttgereit has apparently fans - but I don't know why, and I'm certainly not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I had seen before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute of it, but - shocking - this movie is worse! There Todesking is meaningless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse movie because it's boring in a way that few movies have ever done (it's not far from The Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some people say this movie is 'sick' and 'shocking', but it really isn't. The director may have made a point about death, but only he knows what it is. How anyone could see this movie and be anything but bored with it is completely out of my mind. The film is about the suicide theme and follows the death of seven different people within a week. Yes, that means we have a meaningless and boring Monday episode, a meaningless and boring Tuesday episode, a meaningless and boring Wednesday episode, etc. This movie is even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> There Todsking is apparently an 'art' movie, although this seems to be a reference to the way that is not very sensible rather than a reference to the movie that is similar to 'art'. Each segment of the movie is meant to tell a separate story - but it doesn't! We just get a quick little sketch of suicide and that only makes you wonder what the meaning is. The film feels as though it should be deep, but there is a big big void where intelligence must be and nothing there to fill it. Buttgereit uses a few atmospheric images; but it is unlikely that I will remember any of them for more than a week or so because this movie is just not so memorable. There is a shot that involves a degrading man's body that often occurs, but it gets old pretty fast, and all you are left with is the rest of the movie, which is unfortunate. If I had to fight for good things to say about this crap, all that I can think of is; the title sounds cool. As mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other movie I've seen from this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm really not in any hurry to see either. There Todesking is a dull movie of no importance, and anyone who calls it 'art' is very wrong. Give it a miss.
