To avoid confusion, let me clarify a few points: I'm not a red neck. I'm not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical: a libertarian. I'm also not a WASP, I wasn't even born in the states. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there is a kind of folk music that does not feel poetry and that these sad people usually earn their living teaching poetry. This film was made by and for people who do not feel poetry, by and for show offs; and I dare say to and for people who have no sense of decency or for that matter respect the lives or death of others (especially when the victims are believed to be mostly "bloody imperialists" killed in Yankee land.) I myself find the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds, and a frame that is particularly obnoxious and repulsive. Just awful. Why didn't they allocate a budget of so many dollars a Episode, when individuals were brutally murdered in the attack? The whole idea rests somewhere between simple stupidity and ruthless fascism. Anyone who is serious about film making (and serious about life and death) should have angryly refused to participate in this remembrance of innuendo and non-sequiters. With two exceptions: Burkina Faso's episode - almost entertaining - and the one from India - documenting the story of a man who was unfairly and mistakenly investigated against the attack, on the grounds that he subsequently did not come home and that he was an American Muslim (and the truth was told when facts were known, he was honored as a hero). All other nine episodes, essentially and extremely boring and numb, can be performed in two different categories: First, "I don't care for thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, young people, adults, old-fashioned ..." and can resume in plain boredom and lack of emotion Makhmalbaf's (Iran); Lelouch is (France) ??? I am afraid I will commit a heresy as it is Lelouch's, but perhaps his episode may be considered as built on an idea that could be considered almost original; Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitais (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Other: "The bloody yankees deserve it." frustration and hatred Chahine (Egypt) claims suicide bombers; Loach (UK) believes that the 9/11 innocent attacks were a form of punishment for US alleged support for the Chilean dictatorship led by serial killer Augusto Pinochet. that the victims of Pinochet were not related to Al-Q Aida, and Chile is a South American country, the sole existence of Mr. Bin Laden should have ignored, he should also be informed that the US government sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship were harder than any other ciontrie; and Imamura (Japan) winding points out that World War II is related to the attack on the WTC. Imamura has at least been coherent in this context: The supposed causal link is completely obscene, which plays well with his episode, including a man who thinks to be a snake. It seems to be unclear. Instead, it's pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There is some kind of error shared by many, including some Americans, and it is in the belief that this movie was not commercially screened in the states because of some kind of censorship. Nothing further from the truth: This movie was not screened in the states because it is a complete failure. A failure of the wildest kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where peronism and other forms of fascism are closest and dear to the heart of a significant number of residents, and anti-Americanism is fashionable, the film was screened in living rooms promptly converted into theaters and applauded by a very select audience: The usual sad few who routinely borrow their applause for other equally enjoyable glasses. Like the sight of a McDonald's fast food restaurant or perchance, an older Jew burned to ashes.
