Singleton has some serious problems he has to deal with. I get the feeling that he thinks he's pretty smart; However, this film is almost comically transparent and self-righteous. In addition, there are a lot of "maybe-do-right" messages as when our local Nazi jerks are turned up. I mean, who in their real minds should root for a bunch of Nazi jerks? However, he shows how Singleton portrays that the "fight" is rather stupid and seems to be designed to show us the overall combat qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (in fact, a drunken frat boy) raping one of the film's main characters. In this case, I think Singleton actually does a good job showing what is probably a too-common situation when the woman in question asks frat boy to use a condom, and he also does not have one or does not want to use one . In any case, he does not accede to her claim that he stops and he continues to get intercourse despite her arguments. I think this type of rape is far too common, and in fact many uniformed people refuse to accept that it is even rape. Well, no means no, it's a rape that's likely to occur a lot in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> After establishing rape, how does Singleton act about it? When the king tries to call the woman, her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, after which the fraternity calls the roommate a "black bitch". The disturbed roommate seems to appeal to an Ice Cube, et al. Council, who then continues to physically humiliate and abuse the French boy for repeated and long-standing "excuses" for roommate for his racist remarks; But (apparently in Singleton's mind) less rape crime is not mentioned. Again, no one must really be sorry about the French boy; However, Singleton seems to send a double message that a racist comment is a greater offense than rape, and in any case the violence is justified against jerks. So what's ultimately so disappointing that this movie might have really been about something important, but Singleton, no doubt a talented director, doesn't seem to have maturity or depth to draw on anything of this size.
