I do not understand why people would praise this waste. It's wrong, stupid, unrealistic, terrible and almost everything else. The film is a view of life, racial problems, prejudices and everything else that strangely happens in College. This is where it fails. It has no grasps on reality. From many dubious non-sense scenes in the movie, such as <br /> <br /> A black man chases a white man with a gun, the black man and stopped by the security guards handcuffed and executed while the gun runs right past them. <br /> <br /> The same white man snips down people from a roof blanket who is stopped and knocked down by the same black man, then stopped and gets a Rodney King style to beat while the gunman runs free while for a moment Later, only one of the four guards was hunted back. As a previous reviewer pointed out, Several White 230 pound men are being knocked down by several black men weighing around 160 kg, including 105 pounds Bust A Rhymes <br /> <br /> Another critical flaw in the movie is the superficial uninteresting protagonists . From the frightened and confused white people and the average, angry, yet fair (?) Black people. It's almost like an insult to both black and white people. I am a white man and I know many black and Latin American people who agree that this movie is wrong to depict characters and give them these characteristics solely because of their race. The story that I will explain now is about three characters. One is a black athlete, the other a confused, frightened white girl who questions her sexuality, and the third is a white man who is also confused and scared, due to his problems on black people where he becomes Nazi later in the movie. They all have their share of problems and adventures, including sex, rape, fighting, love, hatred, prejudice, race, and oh yes don't forget education. As everyone comes down to the end for the fatal shoot out. When they go back to their boring life and think "being white is bad". Does this sound like your college years? Didn't think so. I don't think the instructor attended college, especially if he had to make that terrible mess. All in all, it's a really bad, bad, nasty movie. If you want to see a more accurate view or race problems, see American History X. To see a more accurate view of college hire Porkys. Just avoid this mess.
