This is one of the most boring 90's movies. I would not recommend it if you have something better to do. <br /> <br /> This image presents African Americans as wild, barren, violent, non-artistic, reef-smoking sociopaths. Fudge (Ice Cube) and his pose of homies are continually disrespectful to others in the college, not just the white people but also the Asians and are never disciplined for their actions. Despite all this tolerance, they continue to cry and weep about the evil white oppressors who run their lives and stand in the way. In fact, it is Fudge's influence that causes Remmy to tie up with the heads, get out of college and eventually kill Malik's boyfriend. The skin holes are presented as a hidden group of underachievers who share a pad off campus and generally stay away from everyone else. They never break their music to annoy people, nor do they speak the police. They commit serious crime such as batteries and rape, but they are not as repulsive or as threatening as Fudge and Dreads (Busta Rhymes) are. There is much material in this movie that almost insulted me or made me giggle Some of it is as follows. <br /> <br /> Fudge and Dreads are listed as students at Columbus University, but we never see them in class, and it's quite unclear how they pay their tuition. You are only left to speculate that the weeds they smoke have something to do with their finances. Although they are students of what looks like a private university, they cannot pronounce a single line of proper English. Their characters are only developed through their compulsion and xenophobia. It seems drunken Kristen (Kristy Swanson) knew exactly why Drunken Billy took her to his house. She asked him to get a rubber so they could start. The fact that he penetrated her without a condom was rape, while only good sex, if he had a handy. Later, Kristen was assured by Taryn (Jennifer Connely) that she has no responsibility in that matter and, despite intentionally jumping into a lighthouse's bed, she was not ready for intercourse and was viciously exploited by a sexual predator. Then a week or so later she met and slept with an ultra-sensitive do-goode who knew how to avoid rape and brought condoms. The director thoroughly underlined the contraception. <br /> <br /> This movie is complete and complete garbage that makes black people look like pricks and women look stupid and fragile. Cole Hauser's plays, and Laurence Fishburn's accent are the only reasons I can think of to see it. The author / instructor is, of course, a man with limited intelligence. Go ahead and limit your own by seeing this crap if you want, but remember that neurons do not grow back. Just follow the tips at the end and UNLEARN.
