Is there any other time period that has been so exhaustively covered by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? No. And do we really need another trip through the turbulent time? Not really. But if we need one, should it be as low as "60s"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that co-authors Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind these two-part miniseries than what ultimately resulted, especially considering Couturie's commitment to the amazing HBO movie "Dear America: Letters Home From Vietnam ", which exploited little original music and no original recordings, so the sights and sounds of time speak for themselves. This presentation gathers file recordings with the dramatic output, but no one favors gaining by trying to do too much in too little time; Like so many of its ilk, it is seen from a family's point of view. But the family's children seem to be involved tangentially with almost all major events in the 60s (it's amazing that one of them doesn't go to the Rolling Stones concert at Altamont), which makes it seem less like one period drama and more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade. <br /> <br /> Creators draw so much that there is little or no time to give the characters any sign, with the characters of the stake being called our protagonists from the screen at a time - the children's father is particularly clichéd - and when they are back at BLAMMO! it is something else. Garry Trudeau could teach filmmakers one or two things about doing this kind of thing correctly. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to the old college, but they are wasted (especially the last two); it is unthinkable good to see David Alan Grier in a rare equal role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in an unredited cameo in part 2) is always welcome. What is not welcome is how the '60s drown the soundtrack with so many period songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect (and that may be the only time that a US television presentation on post-60s America never mention the British invasion - no Beatles, no Rolling Stones ... then again there are only so many melodies you can shoe horn in a sound album, not? By the way, happy end, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" did much, much better. Nothing to see here you can't see anywhere else, people ... except that Julia Stiles does the twist, it is.
