Blob starts with one of the most bizarre theme songs ever sung by an unredited Burt Bacharach of all people! You really need to hear it to believe it, The Blob may be worth watching just this song alone and my user comment summary is just a tiny taste of the stylish lyrics ... After this unpleasant opening sequence, Blob introduces us the viewer to Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) parked on their own somewhere and witnessing what looks like a meteorite falling to the ground in nearby forests. An old man (Olin Howland like Olin Howlin) who lives in a cabin also sees it and goes to investigate, he finds a crater and a strange football-shaped rock that splits open when he inappropriately pokes it with a stick. Placing in the middle of the meteorite is a strange jelly like fabric sticking to the stick if you know what I mean! Then it slides up and sticks to the old hand. Meanwhile, Steve & Jane are quietly driving together thinking of their own business when the old man runs out of Steve's car, Steve is a decent good guy deciding to take the old man to Dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven Chase) at the local operation. Dr. Hallan says he doesn't know what the substance on the old hand is, but it gets bigger and asks Steve to go back where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees but does not come up with anything and when he returns to Dr. Hallan's operation, he testifies to the bloody who consumes him. City police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and teenage-hateful sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) do not believe in a word of it and end up suspecting Steve & his friends Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) & a person called 'Mooch' Miller (James Bonnet) to play a deeper practical joke at the police department. But as the blob continues to eat, it's way through town, Steve sets out to find evidence of his existence and convince the police of the threat it not only has to their city but to the whole world! Director Irvin S. Yeaworth Jr. & an unredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was very disappointed with this, the original 1958 version of The Blob. The script by Kay Linaker like Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson is an absolute drill and extremely boring, which does not make the most of the strongest aspect. Blob focuses on the tiring dramas and conflicts between teenagers and police, in fact the majority of The Blob's spent on Steve trying to convince the police about the existence of blobs. For most of the movie, blob itself seems almost unnoticed and something forgotten. It has only two or three scenes for fist and little to the less than exciting climax when the adults and teenagers work together to defeat the blob and have a new found recognition afterwards, yuck! Why couldn't the blob just eat a lot of them? No explanation is given as to what blob is, or is it different from what came from space, how long did it take them to make it? The dialogue is also lumpy and silly, like the people's actions and decision-making, I love that part when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton has someone used their real name in this thing?) Confronted with blob, she throws some acid over it and quietly call "Doctor, nothing will stop it!" how does she know "nothing" will it stop it exactly? There is no blood or violence, so don't worry about it. Special effects on the blob itself are not so bad to consider, but it hardly has any screen time and is moving very slowly, much like the film in general. The act is horrible, McQueen was supposed to be a teenager when he was really 28 years old, and it shows he is old enough to be his own father! The same thing goes for most of the other 'teen' cast members and everyone is generally wood and convincing in their roles. Technically, Blob is very basic, dark static photography, boring direction and forgotten production values. Blob is one of the movies that probably sounds good on paper and is known as a "classic", but is actually a huge disappointment when finally seen. This is a case where remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original blob is slow and dull and the restoration is not, the original blob contains no blood or gore and the remake does, the original blob has incredibly bad actions and casting decisions and remake not & the original blob itself becomes very small screen time that only eats Three or four people throughout the movie, and remake has blob throughout and it eats almost the entire city. The choice is an easy one, remake every time, as it is a better movie in every respect. I will give the film two stars and give the wonderful main theme singing one on its own. Absolutely not the classic many seem to make.
