It's no more than a strange case that I decided to see STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of June 1950, when President Truman ordered US forces in the Korean War. STARLIFT you see is largely located at Travis Air Force Base in California in the years it was used as a space for soldiers sent out to fight in Korea. But you have to do your own research to know this because not even under the movie is called 'Korea'. We see transport aircraft flying out of new troops and returning with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these men will fight or be hurt. Which is strange to a movie designed to wave the flag and greet American men in uniform. Published by the Warner Brothers in December 1951, STARLIFT is a very obvious effort to repeat the success of the star-studded World War Two Home-Front Moral Booster "Hollywood Canteen". This 1944 crowd-pleaser told the story of two soldiers spending their last three nights staying at the famous LA armed forces nightclub and hoping to date a date with Joan Leslie. But it was really an excuse for Warners to push out every star under contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT has two air force soldiers hoping to meet with fictional starlet Nell Wayne (a mask-like Janice Rule) and persuade a bunch of Warner Bros stars to show a show for the departure troops. But instead of Crawford, Garfield et al., As the Warner brothers could scrape up in 1951, Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris with fleeting appearances by James Cagney, Randolph Scott and a clear embarrassed, Gary Cooper. This threaded cast iron, whose combined star force would struggle to illuminate a standard lamp, is perfectly matched by crummy production values. Probably in an effort to save money, several long scenes were shot using really really poor back projections. How bad is that? You can see the registration where the screen meets the floor in the soundstage! Describing STARLIFT as a sloppy, lazy and third rate movie is making a disservice to movies that is sloppy, lazy and third rate. It's just awful. Avoid it.
