Whoa boy. <br /> <br /> Would you like to see a documentary about a megalomaniac jerk destroying his own life and alienating everyone around him? Now they exist, in many forms. But have you ever wanted to see this documentary about someone who did not eventually succeed in doing anything despite everyone's praise for how much an artistic "genius" he is? Now you could just grab a camera and find someone like that in any local scene (I know they are everywhere and I don't even follow the local scene) or you can save yourself by spending money watching this tripe. <br /> <br /> The prerequisite is good and honest, it is not as if the filmmakers knew exactly where it was being considered, it was one of the difficulties in making a documentary. We are made to follow two bands, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, led by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I've heard of The Dandy Warhols before I see this movie ... not the Brian Jamestown massacre. Why? Well from this documentary perspective, The Brian Jamestown Massacre's intergroup dysfunction denied them the ability to really do it in the music industry. Instead of being an analysis of the two separate bands and how to succeed, the focus is much more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because seeing, Anton is a "genius." Because he plays rock music. He really understands the evolution of music "... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered" postmodern retro but the future "... because it is rock music. He wants to produce a" revolution "... through rock music, okay then let's see it over ... 20 minutes in and this is one of the stupid kids I would like to see a documentary about. <br /> <br /> The documentary himself not very much to showcase some of Anton's talent, because we do not have time to focus on it in the form of editing 2000 hours of material for quarter to 2 hours, so instead we see Anton, "brilliant", the socio-maniacal loser, be a jerk in the two hours and just be told to understand that he was doing really good music, whether he did it or not, I do not know because it was not as the documentary had enough time to prove it. What I know is that we are back with a story about some self-centered unpleasant checks that queue is around the country, calling itself a music god and not doing anything to back up. Why even bother to see it? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, hope and admiration of all the different people, and especially a post-failure paean for lost potential. This movie plays as a two-hour rough-cut VH1 special for a reason: he goes on and on about the music, but it's about the picture and the attention. Look at the guy, look at how he dresses, look at how he works, look at how he tries to create controversy because he can't afford marketing. Actually, the only interesting sign in this movie is Joel, and that's because of someone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Maybe it's because he's the tambourine man. The rest of them are all "rock stars"! They deserve our attention and admiration, interest and commitment! They are out there to "save rock and roll." Do you remember when the white stripes should "save rock and roll"? Yes, it was because of Anton, and it is "selfish for them not to mention me (Anton) as an inspiration." What a load. People like Anton are best left forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring - because music experts have to deal with people like Anton for a living and ultimately can only throw their support behind someone who is safe and passionate. Many thanks, Anton. Your antics destroyed music for EVERYONE you touched, whatever was spoken against. And if people "in knowledge" about Anton disagree and he really was a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is, that it cuts it down that way. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
