I still don't know why I forced myself to sit through it all. This "movie" was not worth the Memorex DVD-R it was burnt on; I thought I was looking at the end result of a group of middle schoolers stealing their parents' video camera. This is by far the worst movie ever made. I really want, from the bottom of my heart, to sue Aaron Yamasato for the two hours he stole from my life. So apparently it is supposed to be bad for that purpose; But if you were to end up in hell and are forced to see this 90-minute spiral doo-doo, you'll see that Yamasato is really trying to make a great flip. The actors are attempting dramatic kick-ass performances similar to Crimson Tide but coming closer to The Marine. Crap Acting is just the tip of the iceberg. The camera's angles are awful. The story is at best C-movie - the plot is not even good enough to be considered B-movie caliber. The dialogue tries to be dynamic and witty, but is shit like anything else. Rumor has it that a copy of the manuscript actually attracts flies. Plus, techno score is annoying ... not because it's techno, but because it's non-stop. That's right, the music plays in the background all the time, as a subliminal reminder of how bad this thing is. I don't care what the disclaimer claims I don't buy. BOTS was not done so badly for that purpose because it takes itself too seriously for what it was: a joke. <br /> <br /> This "movie" was very low budget. But that is no excuse for his record-adjusted suction factor. Big movies are born of fabric, not budget. BOTS didn't. <br /> <br /> Allow me to articulate the overwhelming power of this 90-minute waste of time: if I had three-way with Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel in front of a TV and blood of Samurai came on, I'd be out there faster than Steven Seagal in Executive Decision. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, some people will try to defend the movie. Two, maybe three. They will say "it's grindhouse chop-socky!" or "cheesy in a good way!" or "it's so bad, it's good!" These people are idiots. A movie is either good or bad. There is no such thing as a good bad movie. But there are such things as idiots who like crazy movies. Don't make me wrong; There are lots of cornball non-to-be-taken-serious movies out there that are fun and entertaining. Slither is one. BOTS is not. <br /> <br /> This suckfest runs in an hour and a half, and in my humble opinion, it is 90 minutes too long. The best thing about this "movie" is the DVD cover, so the next time you're near the Wal-Mart DVD negotiating basin, take a look at it - DO NOT NOTE, just look - and quietly go away.
