I went into this movie with great hopes. Usually I'm not too fussy about my movies and creations movies are * always * fun to watch, or so I thought. I want to list the good parts of this movie: -The creative effects. All creatures were well-finished, their movements were realistic, and they fit into the other imaging well. To be honest, the creation effects were the only reason I gave this movie a 2 rather than a 1. Now the bad things: -The acting. Good Lord, I've seen bad acting, but this movie takes the cake. Not one of the characters is even * close * to credible. It's like the director issued a casting call and picked all the worst attempts at it. I tried very hard not to giggle too loudly, because I didn't want to disturb others in the theater, but the play was really so bad. - The story: The whole story is full of plot holes from start to finish. You can select at least 5 plot holes out of a given 30 minute movie. The plot holes are of course free with the cheese. This is probably one of the most cliché, non-thought-out and rather stupid stories I have ever seen on the screen when I had the serious accident of sitting up one night and watching Parasit on the sci-fi channel. -The dialogue: This is a world where everyone says the cheesiest and most cliché things they can possibly, by any chance they may be. In this world, it seems that each line has been spoken before in at least 30 other low-budget creature movies. It's a world of cheese and cliché. -The special effects. While the creature effects were actually awesome, they failed the special effects. Yes, they are better than those seen in other movies, but much is in the presentation. And this movie has no presentation at all. It looks like the special effects used on the Power Rangers TV show to be honest. In summary: Dragon Wars is neither your time nor your money's worth. The concept is good, but it is trapped in the bad direction, action, dialogue and cheesiness of the movie. Wait for the next big monster movie to come out. It must be better than this, because Dragon Wars is horrible.
