The KINGMAKER will undoubtedly be a success in Thailand, where the corresponding (but superior) 'The Legend of Suriyothai' put the cash register. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn after a manuscript by Sean Casey based on historical fact in 1547 Siam has some incredibly beautiful visual elements, but disarmed by one of the most critical, pedestrian and film history developments. <br /> <br /> The event to which the picture relates is the arrival of the Portuguese soldier of fortune, Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch), whose revenge for this father's killer drove him to shipwreck, caught and thrown into slavery and put the bloc of Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam where he was bought by the beautiful Mary (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past revealed as the story progresses. There is a plot to overthrow the King and Fernando and his new Siamese Sidekick Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some free CGI-enhanced choreographed martial arts, is first rewarded by the King to become his bodyguard, only to be imprisoned once queen Sudachan ( Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals her plot to kill the king and son to let her boyfriend Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) take over the Siam regime. But of course, Fernando and Tong avoid being condemned to fight against each other to save their family's families (Tong's wife and children and Fernando's now-loving affair with Mary) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> The act (with the exception of John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the movie occasionally looks like it was supposed to be camp. The predominantly Thai threw battle with the poorly written dialogue and made us wish they had used their native Thai with subtitles. The musical score of Ian Livingstone sounds like the excavation of old television operas. But if it is visual splendor you are after, there is plenty of it, and that alone makes the movie worth seeing. It is a film that has obviously great financial support for all the special effects and lots of cast and sets and shows its good intentions. It's just the basics that are missing. Grady Harp
