As with most reviewers, I saw this at Starz! OnDemand. After seeing the previve with my girlfriend, she decided not to see it from how badly it was. On the other hand, I thought it was so strange enough to justify a victory. I think the design by Dr. Meso alone told at least one brief sweep of this title. After seeing it, I can say that while there are some interesting aspects to it (namely browsing the notebooks and trying to figure out the incomprehensible story), it is best to pass over it. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After making their first video for their yet-to-be-released CD, the main singer Cassidy beats an attempt to get her boyfriend Neil to notice her. 3 months later, the band tries to decide whether to complete the album or not. To try to see what Cassidy wanted, they went to see an old psychic friend of her, Dr. Meso, and try to contact her through him. In his card reading, Dr. Meso up four straight Death Cards to the four remaining band members. Bad times are ahead. (I just wanted to make a point that later in the film they explain that the death card really represents change. Kudos to them at least.) Even without their deceased friend's approval, they decide to go ahead and end the album. But in the bathroom Cassidy's best friend, Dora, catches a glimpse of his late friend. When another band partner goes in to check her, Dora stands in the dark and asks for sunglasses. That's when the killing begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the movie from the get-go itself is that it seems to be heavily stylized for a bug. For many warping effects, unnecessary zoom types and an abundance of other inexpensive effects, this movie goes astray. An incoherent story also doesn't help. While the story is interconnected for the first part, when Cassidy resumes, everything falls apart. We have cuts between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously was able to enter a locked building), showing that they are somehow connected. But within a few minutes of this revelation, we find Cassidy truly an independent being from Meso. She then turns on the guy who had helped her revenge and he scurries away in a way that remembers Jack Nicholson as The Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From this point on, the residence of Cassidy appears, but there are strange lapses as signs move from place to place almost out of order. A scene we see Cassidy standing at a desk when a character enters the next, she is nowhere to be found. As he moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of one time. So in another room that tackles the keys (which Neil already has) then back again. Not to mention it from one moment to the next, Cassidy's mood seems to go a complete 180 without catalyst for it. For a moment she wants to kill everyone (although she only hurt 90% of the characters) - the next she apologizes for all and goes out the door to die again. Sound confusing? That's because it is. It's a jumbled mess, I'm sure the author couldn't even figure out. <br /> <br /> Most of the performances are wood. However, some are interesting, but in general it is not a piece that would be known to the trader. History is the driving force behind this piece.
