STUDIO 666 (Aka THE MADE IN UK) is another sub-par slasher that looks like a straight-to-DVD movie. While many of the straight-to-DVD movies are fast paced or unintentionally fun in it so bad-it's good sense, STUDIO 666 is a regrettable failure. At the time of writing, each comment on the first page contains a negative assessment and a negative assessment. All these people have hit the nail on their heads. The two people (at the time of writing) who wrote comments with a rating of 10 out of 10 should not be taken seriously. It is clear that they have seen few slasher films and have an even more limited understanding of horror. The only really positive point I can make about this movie is that it goes better than CHOKE and ONE OF THEM, two extremely mediocre slasher movies that I wouldn't want for my worst enemy! <br /> <br /> The reason for this movie must have been made hundreds, if not thousands, of times. The movie has only a small twist (and one that is poorly handled) to the usual expectations. A depressed singer commits suicide. Shortly after, her spirit returns to the possession of one of her surviving friends. Said occupied friend goes on a killing spree. The rest of the plot is really for bizarre to sum up. You just have to see it for yourself if your interest has not yet fallen to the extermination site of course. The action in the movie is very poor for the most part. The actor who played Dora was an exception to this. Her character was always interesting and seductive when she was on the screen. She helps raise the film over similar simultaneous bets. Unfortunately, some of the lines she got to say were written a lot to say the least and thus prevent her from saving the movie. <br /> <br /> The direction was just as bad. The villains seemed especially threatening, every killing was totally without tension or excitement, the atmosphere was non-existent and the camera work was incredibly basic. Some of the special effects (if you can call them that) reminded me of the TV series, GHOST STORIES. Unfortunately for the producers of this movie, GHOST STORIES had intelligently written scripts, credible performances and excellent use of camera angles. Perhaps if the producers had watched these TV series closely, they would have downloaded some more techniques that could have saved this excuse for a movie! <br /> <br /> The music is completely unsuitable for the tone of the movie. It's just rock music and not the best examples of this type either. Don't let me start with the horrible song being played at the beginning! <br /> <br /> Some aspects of the movie, especially the dialogue, are unintentionally fun. Unfortunately, they are not fun enough to move the movie up (or be it) to the bad-it-good level. All in all, STUDIO 666 is a lively mediocre slasher with very little remarkable aspects. I only recommend this to those who are fans of straight-to-DVD movies and have a desire to see every slasher ever made.
