I hope the viewer who sees the "Dream Machine" as one of Corey Haim's finest and "best film of the century" was fun. Undetected sarcasm from my side? I really hope so. <br /> <br /> The 'Dream Machine' marks the first of a series of mediocre hijackers who would plague the rest of Corey Haim's career (except the 'Prayer of Rollerboys' which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays nonchalant college boy Bernie, who assumes that a cool car will attract the attention of her dream girl. Lucky for Bernie, a rich woman for the purpose of returning to her cheating husband, she quickly decides to reward her loyal piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: a slim Porsche Turbo. But unknown to the woman and unlucky for Bernie is that her dead husband was murdered and his body was hidden in the trunk. Now that it is in this movie that organs do not appear to be decaying or possessing a rather eerie funk, Bernie is unaware of this. In fact, the ignorant boy has no idea that there is anything suspicious despite several unequal circumstances that arise. In particular, a grizzly man follows him, desperately to get hold of that body relatively undiscovered. <br /> <br /> This is a low-action act, many of Haim's films like this (see The Double O Kid). Despite being part-act, part of romantic comedy, this film fails to offer the viewer much of interest for at least the first 45 minutes, when the filmmakers take more than enough time to show the immediate problem (ie Bernie is in possession of a car and a dead body, and a hitman found out that Porsche becomes difficult to find). Then and thanks to the bad play of Haim (I also loved this child, but it is not exactly correct to admit the times when he obviously couldn't do well) and the lack of genuine immediacy and emergency between Bernie and the villain who does much of the events convincing and consequently unsatisfactory. To add insult damage, the soundtrack was incredibly ridiculous and sounded more like obvious songs you would hear in Team America (see 'Date' Mounting). However, loyal Corey Haim fans should not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance. Others who understand that Haim's career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 years of age and never recovered could expect mediocrity, and viewers would just look for early 90s b-comedy to pass the time.
