Michael Caine has always argued that Ashanti was "the only movie for him" and "the worst movie he ever stared in". Hold on, Michael, weren't you in the swarm and hurry up sundown? And wasn't both these movies a lot worse than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine only remembers begrudgingly the physical punishment of filming an action film in searing 130 degrees Fahrenheit temperatures (the director, Richard Fleischer, was hospitalized as a result of sunstroke during the shot). What Ashanti actually states is not the low-career career of Michael Caine. Instead, it is a very average chase thriller with a talented cast, exotic locations, boring stretches and a very formal story. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.H.O-medic who is abandoned when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) goes away during an aid trip to an African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife has been snatched by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and he sets off on a continent-wide persecution that eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> Along the way, great stars come in for inefficient and superfluous guest roles. William Holden has a bad cameo like a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows a bit of his usual charm or grace as a spoiled Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison looks fairly bored under his brief role as a useful contact that helps Caine in his quest. The film is based on a best seller titled Ebano, the little known author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the excitement that made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as a slave (in all his films he seems to be unable to perform badly), and Caine generates credible anxiety as the man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flashes, but on the whole, Ashanti is quite slow moving. All in all, it is a resilient piece of action hokum - not just as awful as Caine has often suggested, but not a very inspirational movie and certainly a run-down of all the talent involved.
