I'm in awe! Wow, prepare yourself to be blown away by the ninja's eerie ways. See them as they fall, creep along the ground (on their backs or stomachs) like a larva, fly through the sky, climb buildings, hide and jump from trees, throw ninja stars, roll out blue mats, disappear into smoke bombs, make a lot Swoosh sounds with their knives and quickly sneak or bustle on their toes. What a sight! Really, I could continue with the many traditional actions, but I want to be here all day. Oh not to forget that we even get the legendary Chuck Connor's popping up again and again and watch him send some ninjas with his hail with a little ease. Which class! What a badass! In any case, the ultra-cheap 'Sakura Killers' are some stupid but cheesy ninja action fun that only fanatics of the genre would get something out of this shonky b-grade debacle. <br /> <br /> A genetic laboratory in America has a very important video stolen by a couple of ninjas. Two Americans sent to Japan by the Colonel (Chuck Connors) to retrieve it. <br /> <br /> The opening of the function sets it up nicely. Get ready for laughs! Afterwards it is lowered, but shortly after the two main characters learn about the ninja and go through the training, they get a steam shock as they break in costumes and flee after the stolen beta tape containing a very important formula. This is when the tremendously fast action and aerobic marital status really comes in to play. It's not too sloppy, (like moronic script and daft performances). The final climatic showdown is very well done. In the slow stretches, the two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) looked into the matter, shared brainless conversations and encountered some minor issues. What made me laugh was how the ninjas were dismissed by how brave and wise these two were. These should be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ('Effects (1989)') does a serious job of what he had and plays it for what it is. He centers the activities on the screen around striking Taiwan locations. The result is a chintzy arrangement.
