So I rented this from Netflix because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book "I Hated, Hated, Hated This Movie" and he gave this a rare zero star rating in the book and said at the end of his original review "Mad Dog Time should be cut for to provide free ukulele picks to the poor ". So I figured Ebert said I wanted to see if it was as bad as he said it was. I know most societies say not to listen to critics and judge for yourself, but I couldn't express how much I hated this piece of junk that Ebert did, and never since Ebert's review of Rob Reiner's "North" where he said That he hated the movie ten times I had ever heard such a brilliant hat movie review. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster, which I do not think it would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the manuscript for this movie was written well. But above all the other things that were terrible with this "movie", I can definitely tell you that the script was not written well. While the movie starts with Jeff Goldblum, he says he enjoyed watching Dreyfus girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, starting the movie with a decent dialogue after the opening. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes consist only of stupid characters who talk inappropriately for 30 seconds, then someone is shot. Then there are a lot of jokes that Dreyfuss is mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant and unfunny scene parodying Frank Sinatra's "My Way", which Gabriel Byrne sang, apparently to offend Dreyfuss. Of course, because the manuscript was written at a sixth degree, Dreyfuss Byrne changes over five times, and Byrne just won't die. Are we as the audience supposed to care or find the mild fun? I can definitely tell you that I didn't care or found it fun. Not only am I disappointed in Dreyfuss (which I admire much as an actor) to produce and starring in this tripe, but I am also extremely disappointed with Jeff Goldblum because this was released that year that "Independence Day" was the best wholesaler movie of the year and ultimately one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum forget that "Independence Day" would be a flop and then just take the next role offered to him to make some money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? What did an Oscar winner and the star of two of the biggest money producing movies in history find extremely comfortable with this one? The "Mad Dog Time" opening sequence says the movie is set on another planet. I just want now that I have wasted 93 minutes watching this waste that it would have been and opened in theaters on the planet where it seems that everyone on this planet would never here in this ridiculous waste of 93 minutes out of my life, I never come back. Ebert says the movie should have been cut up, is not good enough, I'm afraid. Every copy of "Mad Dog Time" must have gasoline poured over it and be on fire. I don't yet have the best movie I've ever seen because one has won its honor as the worst movie ever.
