What is an insult to Olivia D'Abo, who plays the movie's heroine Robin, to make Keanu Reeves look so big on the film's visual arts (and at least on recent broadcasts that only Reeves is shown on the box) because she was the star. I realize it's his name that will eventually sell this much-forgotten After School Special, but at least give the woman some credit. <br /> <br /> In spite of this, this must be one of the worst teen sports-themed movies I've ever seen, and it strives very hard to add not only all teens and sports movie clichés from the class war battle between the feuding gymnasts for teen romance. And in the quest to deliver as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with music in one of the stores, dance scenes are close to Michael Sembello's remarkable "Maniac", which became known to Flashdance, or was it the other way around?). It contains similar dance sequences and worse yet, even the 80s dance and sports traditions of corny dance-offs between the heroine and her antagonist (s), who doubts her successes and abilities on the team. We saw this in Trashin '(a host ramp joust) and Rad (BMX dances on prom, although it was not much for competition, but for fun) for example. In fact, this movie shock is full of unrealistic corniness, such as the somewhat homo-erotic rolling in the clothes of the Salvation Army with Robin and her friend from the team. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather bad background. To cope with a great need to push the audience as much sympathy as possible, she lives with her failing mother, her unpleasant sister and her careless (and somewhat abusive) founder. Needless to say, homelife is not so appealing. Add to the mix, a talent for gymnastics, but more hurdles to join the team (including the genes of her arrogant, snobber and a trainer who also ultimately doubt his ability to compete well). And of course, we cannot forget that she has eyes on one of the beautiful boys' prophets who is dating one of the unpleasant teammates or that she does not have a stable girlfriend (although Keanu as Tommy later comes into the picture) . Could this child be more pathetic? And it seems that a mess after another comes together to scare you into her painfully long, superfluous and cliché quest to prove her worth to everyone. But even the great moments of the cheesiness that encompasses most of the film are almost not worth mentioning given that the greatest distraction to this movie is the horrible spectacle and dialogue. (I like how the coach's coach suddenly appears at dinner in the middle of the dance to separate the teammates). It makes episodes of 'Amazing Stories' similar to Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine someone who is able to locate this movie and see it these days is probably attracted to the most because of the nostalgic factor. For that you can be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
