I admit the problem I have with the very famous Ealing movies I've seen so far could be mine. To my taste, they are either black and ripping fun, or so bright in tone that they are not satisfactory as comedies or stories. It is a self-evident way of saying that I would like "The Man In The White Suit", but found myself struggling to sit through its short term. Textile worker Sidney Stratton (Alec Guinness) may be crazy in the way, but he is bound to make progress in his attempt to invent a fabric strand that cannot be broken or made dirty. He uses a factory lab for his latest attempt and dressing up restrictions both materially and humanly - the latter being the benighted mill bosses who do not understand what he is out to do, so figure it out and become even more committed to stopping him. "It's your little minds that stand in the way of progress," Sidney sits and practices in the mirror what he's struggling to say to the man. One problem with "Man in the White Suit" is that Sidney's vision of progress is terribly tiny, even more so than that of the bosses or workers who are also restoring their work. My problem is more elementary: For a comedy, "White Suit" is not fun. It is a fairly reverent script, which too often tries to remind its weak attempts at humor from saliva-take, double-take, triple-take and staggering take. <br /> <br /> The best joke is the sound of the machine Sidney cheats and goes "Bleep-Blop-Bleep-Bop" endlessly and picks up queer looks from each visitor until Sidney either extracts his miracle from it or blows try it out. I have never seen Guinness less in a movie, even though he looks impossible young and serious in fact in the mid 30s). He seems so bloodless, even more than the waxed general he played in "Doctor Zhivago". He is the same cold fish if he ignores the sad feelings of the affecting maid that offers to give him her life savings when he loses his job (White hope as Bertha) or the more starving charm of young Daphne Birnley (Joan Greenwood) , his one real ally in his fight against "shabbiness and dirty", as she says, makes those words sound like impossible sex as only Greenwood could. <br /> <br /> Supporters make "White Suit" work as well as it does. Ernest Thesinger of "Bride Of Frankenstein" fame plays a uniquely scary captain for the industry, resembling Nosferatu, and makes a laugh as a death camp. Howard Marion-Crawford as another factory manager is just as memorable here as he played a flashing doctor in "Lawrence Of Arabia". Then Mandy Miller's undeniable charm is like a little girl who steals her few moments on camera right from under everyone else. But most scenes are played so straight that you wouldn't think director Alexander Mackendrick had ever worked on a comedy before (his former Ealing comedy "Whiskey Galore" doesn't turn that impression down unfortunately). Roger MacDougall's game puts the notion of scientific progress as a potential catastrophe, but fails to present boring Sidney in anything but the most gentle pleasing light. <br /> <br /> Ealing comedies are remembered to capture the human side of comedy. But the Ealing, I have seen, never seems to do this, only works when they play aggressively against our own sympathies. "Kind Hearts and Coronets" and "The Ladykillers" (Mackendrick again, go figure) are classics this way. "White Dragons", on the other hand, is a meaningless walk that falls apart when it has to hang together, like the unfortunate suit.
