After watching this movie, I was left with two very irritations about this movie: Why did they make Chen's character this "McGuyver hit-man" and Lee's character such an incompetent idiot? Chen's character is the reason why he was raised in an underground orphanage for bloodthirsty fighter, where they learn to slaughter it to death as wild "dogs." This detail is pushed early in a scene where he enters a cab, and when it starts to run, he shows how he is not familiar with a seat belt. Shortly after this scene he has a similar situation at a dim sum restaurant. Not only is he uneducated, he is starving. This is not a reference to Chen's harsh physics, but to the two early scenes of the movie where he dries food, one of which is rice porridge from the bottom of the lower deck of an old ship. Say in the first ten minutes of the film, it is established that Chen is malnutrition-ed, unmodernized, and has only things to go for him, his "dog" brawling fighting style of some kind. Despite this situation, Chen manages to shoot any policeman (even able to ricochet a ball of a metal tube to hit a guy in the head who held Chen's boyfriend) and somehow has achieved a super human strength (swings a 50 lb block of concrete, plastered on the end of a metal tube, to the chief's head when he is shot in the chest, the boss said. Now Lee's character ... okay I get it, he's depressed, he has some luggage, but wow can he do anything right? For a moment, they try to make him cool, composed, and ready to take care of business, and in the next moment, he's just hit it again. First scene, he runs into Chen, and he manages to miss him, from approx. 15 ft, several times. Towards the end of that scene, Lee looks at Chen when his closest friend and colleague slowly sticks his neck with a long knife in a good full 5 seconds while holding a gun to Chen's face, 10 feet away. Even at the end of the film, Lee manages to get stuck to death and fail again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a way that filmmakers try to make the audience sympathize with Chen's character and that he just "kills to survive." It would be much easier if I didn't just see Chen kill innocent people throughout the horrible movie. Of the many people he killed, only two people intended to kill him, the chief of police and Lee. Others were just people who ate, boat owners, taxi drivers and police officers trying to arrest him, not kill. Overall, Chen's character is just a cold-blooded killer who kills what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Have I mentioned that he carries a lot of hundred dollar bills for most of the movie?) My 3 stars go to some of the interesting instructors / cameras that have got some great shots. Bottomline: One made for nut-hugging Chen fans. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
