By my "Kool-Aid drinkers" remark, I believe these are so devoted fans of the man Pavarotti that they do not attempt to objectively evaluate this film. Giving this a 10 is akin to giving Wally Cox the award for Mr. Universe or put a velvet Elvis painting in the Louvre !!! When this film debuted, I remember the harsh reviews with headlines like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was among the worst movies ever made. This even overtakes it at all. While it was bad and far from a great work of art, there was a lot to like about the movie, and the movie's biggest defeat was not Pavarotti's play or his perimeter. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the brown of guilt rests solely on the author's shoulders (which I think were chimpanzees). It is rare to see a movie with such a cliché dialogue or expensive scenes such as the birth struggle, but even they are not the heart of the problem. The problem is that the authors intend the audience to care for a "romance" consisting of a horny married man in the middle and an apparently desperate lady. Perhaps European audiences can be more forgiving for this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such a romance seems fun and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "this is just fun". Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they had just changed the script a little and made Pavarotti a widower or maybe his wife had been as a wife from a couple of classic Hollywood movies, as from ALL THIS AND HIMMEL, THAT OR SUSPECT (where the wife was so silly and unlikely You could forgive the man who has an affair or even kills her). Instead, she is the loving mother of two children who wait patiently at home, while her selfish hubby is killing right and left - as Pavarotti admits to having had many affairs before meeting Harrold. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the beautiful music of Pavarotti could not save this movie. Towards the end of the movie, there are some amazing scenes in New York where the set is just incredible and Pavarotti's singing transcendent. For that reason, I think the movie at least deserves a 3. I really wanted the movie more, but it was a really bad movie - but not quite as messy as you might have heard. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I have read, this movie may be a case of art that mimics life, as Pavarotti's own life later had some parallels to this movie, although this is not exactly the forum to Discuss this in detail.
