I hadn't heard of this movie before I read an article about it on the unknown movie site, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator myself, I admire Richard Williams' work. I rate Ziggy's gift as one of the finest Christmas songs at all times, and while Who Framed Roger Rabbit is becoming one of my favorite movies when I passed By At age 16, I still have the highest consideration the amount of work, care and attention to detail that was about creating visuals - but it seems that the man has his mistakes, especially a tendency to go over budget and over time, and this film is a will For how far wrong even a super talented person like Williams can go, given the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are a strange taste trying to be weird and experimental and out of the wall in the context of a children's cartoon. It also tries to be a musical. It is trying to be a thousand and another thing too - is it a freakout? Is it a fan? Is it a break in the innocence of childhood imagination? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own boundless ambitions and ambitions. It's beautifully animated, for the most part, though the boring backgrounds could have spent a little more attention, but even that doesn't count too much when confronted with the hallucinogenic absurdity that is a big part of "action" here. <br /> <br /> There are a number of issues with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy himself. They are the stars on the show, but they have no personalities. In fact, we get the message that Andy is a wannabe hard guy ("I'm no girl's toy", he sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because her owner, a little girl named Marcella, wears her upside down, But that's all we get to find out if these stupid as muddy characters, because the overwhelming amusement of this movie doesn't kick long after. I use the word "weirdness" separated because some weird movies can be very entertaining, but it's just plain odd. Toys and dolls in the playroom must be sweet and lovable, but they are actually bizarre and disturbing. The two puppets that do and say everything in synchronization is a good example of this. But even they are relatively normal compared to the constantly sneezing pirate captain whose mustache is upright and if the groin visibly swells when he first looks at a glamorous French doll. Yes, it should be a children's movie! Then there is the music, none of which is memorable, and which are all sung by actors who cannot sing. And to add disgrace to injury, there is much song in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally make it out of the playroom, singing the first thing they do in a crooked number in the woods, about how scared they are, how they always want each other and ... yes, we get the message. This seems to be going on forever, but at least it brings some shade of normality back to the movie. Not too long, because the camel with the wrinkled knees leads us into a bizarre world where everything looks like it is made of worn and faded denim, and - badly, he is clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - he also begins to hallucinate. But that is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. The greedy, a living, breathing. bending, speed, constant eating pool of taffy, is so trippy, creepy and ultimately disturbing, you will hardly believe what you see - it's as close to a drug-free psychedelic experience as I've ever seen in movies. Then follows the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo after a l-o-n-g time spent with the greedy, and his throne resembles a urinal. I can't believe I'm actually writing a capsule description of a real movie here - I had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I'm not blogging about an overwhelming whacked-out nightmare I had. Part of the Looney Land sequence looks like one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons, for no reason other than anyone seemed to do, probably. All this would be fine if there was any rhyme or reason behind it, but there is not. These scenes are just strange, and very, very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind it, or goes against some reality. But nothing in these scenes points to any kind of reality. Take away from this element and you are back with pure confidence. <br /> <br /> As the final scenes rage, the animation even begins to look less impressive (the pirate ship, ridiculously detailed, dreaming on the water in a way that suggests some of the cells went off during production), And there is a non-event of an end that simply suggests that the money ran out. Even in just over 86 minutes, the movie feels like an endless trial, and it is understandable why it flopped on its original release. Animation buffs will probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to flub this so spectacularly, but he did and there is nothing that can be done about it.
