SHALLOW GRAVE begins with either a tribute or a rip off of the shower scene in PSYCHO. (I'm leaning against rip off). Then it gets worse and so surprisingly gets better, almost to be original. Bad play and amateur conducting down a rather interesting little story, but the film already surpasses many in "Yankee coming down south to be killed by a bunch of rednecks" genre because it is actually shot in the south. <br /> A group of college girls leads to Ft. Lauderdale for summer holidays and walking in Georgia with a flat tire after getting off the main road. (Note the Yankees: Stay on the highway when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) pee so she walks into the woods. When she finally finds a good place to do her business, she witnesses the local sheriff (Tony March) stifling her mistress (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note the Yankees: don't walk out into the woods when you're in the south, not because you might be witnessing a murder, but you can run over a marijuana plantation.) This is the point where the story, not the movie, actually comes close to be good. While Tony March never has to practice his Oscar speech, his Sheriff Dean becomes an eerie facsimile of a normal guy torn off what he has done and what to do. Tom Law is similar to Scott's deputy and is just as authentic a southern substitute as I've seen since Walton Goggins (substitute Steve Naish) in HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. <br /> <br /> A few scenes in the movie are worth mentioning. The girls stop at a grill in South Carolina and show their racism when a big black guy checks them out. Sue Ellen runs into a stable to hide behind some hay bales and in a shockingly realistic moment a large snake hides in the hay with her. <br /> <br /> And in the weirdest scene, Sheriff Dean makes as though he's raping Patty (Carol Cadby) and telling her to take off her clothes. Dean has turned the radio on to drown the sound of what he should do. The priest on the radio must go back and read his Bible. His sermon is about how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm sorry this bunch of preaching. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Christ was born, and by no means is she one of the five people to meet in heaven.
