Once again, one of the most misunderstood goddesses in my country has been twisted by "Westerners" who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of the morodine in its dark forms. The mother takes the scary form of Kali Mata's to destroy our inner demons and appall our egos. And although blood sacrifices are given to Kali and Durga, the events depicted in this movie are just absurd. The mother takes an angry form to be angry with our inner demons, limitations, and ego, when no other form will suffice. It is also in her anger that she burns all your karma in the "Smashan" fires that you cultivate in your heart so that she can dance if you love her and she will bring you to reality and truth. The reality and truth have a dark side as well as light that serves a purpose. The mother is also the execution of the physical universe she is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You cannot have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the destruction force for the purpose of new growth and life, both everyday and spiritual in the universe. It is very outrageous for me that people who do not know anything about India or it is divinity can just take one of our beloved goddesses and use her as a cheap prostitute to make some low-budget, talented horror movies. How dare they take our beloved mother and portray her as a horror that makes people cut their eyelids! She is only terrifying to those who are attached to their ego, living in delusion, greed, anger, and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious self-forgery ego and serious inner demons to see Kali as so terrible and terrible. When the ego falls away, she becomes a form that is enchanting, beautiful and young, a beauty so enchanting to see that she repels the whole universe with it. Kali Maa is an old mother for not being confused with entertainment, let's just hope in her endless compassion and compassion that she does not take up anger at those involved in this movie. <br /> <br /> The arrogance of Westerners in using religions such as my own or the religions of the Caribbean islands like Santeria and Vodou, which are actually very positive, and other such religions to twist and exaggerate misguided elements As the Western mind cannot understand, it is completely ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe in when it comes to these kinds of flicks. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is, in fact, a caring and compassionate mother who we throw tears on her beautiful feet in affection and love. And I'm glad my mother takes a formidable form at times to protect her devotees from herself and from outside forces. Many promise to REAL Kali Maa, who has shown MANY GOD'S WAY and REALIZATION.
