I saw this immediately after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, so something would have been an improvement. Besides that, I stop comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its successor. Unfortunately, the more I saw it, the more I realized how well Danny Boyle's original was, and how much this movie affected 28 weeks later. One cannot help noticing how much the 28 franchise has dated this type of Italian horror movie. I was absolutely convinced that ZOMBI 3 should have been made in 1980 or 1981 - in that case I would have called my summary 28 YEARS LATER (Geddit?) - but was not until I came to this page to find out It was released in 1988. All production values ​​scream that it's a low budget splatter flick from the very early part of the decade. I liked this movie as a fifteen year old schoolgirl in 1982 who wanted my colleagues but not now. Many of the problem involves lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies blend in with a snail, while others can run very fast and have self-awareness, leading to a ridiculous end scene with a DJ. Also, some may be killed by a kick to the face, while others remain alive, even though they have had their heads cut off, wait until you see the cooling scene, you can just die laughing. Even the serious characters suffer from this type of sloppy scripting, in which a character suddenly reveals that he is a helicopter pilot who asks me why the army has used him to drive jeeps for a career. Of course, you are reminded of the former film THE CRAZIES, which also reminded me of the later 28 films. Lots of terrorists break into the scientific base that leads to all kinds of disasters with the military being the bad ones trying to kill both the infected and the survivors, and long before the end you have worked out that basically everyone dies. The problem with this is, you will immediately be reminded of how the British franchise made it so much better on a larger budget. Not only that, but the 28 franchises will appeal to a thinking audience who may have little interest in the average horror movie. ZOMBI 3 will appeal to no one, but a hardcore splatter audience
