Title: Zombie 3 (1988) <br /> <br /> Board Members: Mostly Lucio Fulci, but also Claudio Fragasso and Bruno Mattei. Cast: Ottaviano DellAcqua, Massimo Vani, Beatrice Ring, Deran Serafin <br /> Review: <br /> <br /> To get started with this flick and get a good background for it. And the beginning of this is really George Romeros Dawn of the Dead. When Dawn came out in 79, Lucio Fulci decided to make an indirect sequel to it and call it Zombie 2. That movie is the one we know as ordinary ole zombie. You know it where the zombie is fighting with the shark! OK then, after the girl (named Zombie 2 in Italy) came out and made a big piece of cash, the Italians decided. Let's do some more zombie flicks! These things are in the dough! So Zombie 3 was born. Confused yet? The story of this is really just a rebuilding of stories we've seen in many American zombie flicks that we've seen before this, the best comparison that comes to mind is the Return of the Living Dead. Let's see ... there's the government that is experimenting with some toxic gas that will make people into zombies. Canister released to the general population and shebang! We get lots of zombies that yearn for human flesh. A crowd of people are starting to run away from the zombies and end up in an old abandoned hotel. They must fight the zombies to survive. <br /> <br /> There was a lot of trouble during the movie of this movie. First of all, Lucio Fulci, the beloved godfather from Italy, was ill. So he couldn't really finish this movie as he wanted. The film was then handed over to two smaller directors Bruno Mattei (Hell of the Living Dead) and Claudio Fragasso (Zombie 4). They did their best to spice up a movie that wasn't already so good. You see Fulci himself doesn't really have his heart and soul on this flick. He was dissatisfied with it. He handed the girl over to the producers and basically said, "Do what you want with it!" And God loves them they did. <br /> <br /> That's why, ladies and gentlemen, we have such a crappy zombie flick with the big Fulci credited as his "instructor". The biggest problem in my opinion is that it is just such a meaningless drilling! There is no substance for it at all! After the first few minutes when some terrorists steal the poisonous gas and accidentally release it, the rest of the girl is just a bunch of empty soulless characters without personality whatsoever running from the zombies. Now, in some cases, it can be fun if # 1 zombie poses and zombie action is actually good and fun and # 2 there is a lot of gore and gut involved. <br /> <br /> Here we get neither! Now there are some inspired moments in there, such as when some eagles are infected by the gas and they start attacking people. That was cool. There is also a scene involving a flying zombie head (which, by the way, can tolerate all logic and explanation) and a scene of zombies coming out of the pool at the abandoned hotel and munching off a poor girls legs. But apart from that ... the rest of the girl is just flat on her ass. Endless on endless scenes that don't make jack to move the already existing plot together. It was my main grip with this flick. The sets look unfinished and the art direction is practically non-existent. I hate it when everything looks so damn unfinished! I like my b movies, but this one just went under it! It is closer to a z-level flick if you ask me. <br /> <br /> The zombie poses? Clean crap. The zombies are all Asian actors (the film was filmed in the Philippines) so you get a bunch of Asian-looking zombies. But that is not a big problem when the film was put in the Phillips Islands anyway. It's the look of the zombies that really suck! They all died with the same clothes for some reason. And what passes for zombies make up here is a bunch of black makeup (more like smudges) on their faces. One or two zombies had a little more complex makeup, but it was still not good enough to impress. It's just a bunch of goo meaningless splattered on the actors' faces. So not only is this flick slowly paced, but the zombies look like crap. These must be dead people! Anyhows, for those who expect the usual coolness of a Fulci-flick, it will not be expected here because this is mostly someone else's flick. And the two involved (Mattei and Fragasso) really didn't put the heart and the souls into it. In fact, when you see extras on the DVD, you'll see that when Fragasso is asked about his memories and his feelings about this, he doesn't even take it seriously. You can say that he is ashamed of it, and in many cases he says they "just had a job to do and they did it". And that my friends are the last stitch on this flick. There is no love, and no heart put into making this movie. Therefore, you get a half assed, crappy zombie flick. <br /> <br /> Only for the complete or people who want or see every zombie flick ever made. Everyone else doesn't even break! Rating: 1 out of 5
