In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. Due to the earlier import of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, which had been renamed for its Italian release, it was downloaded to Zombi 2. (Who also had the bonus of letting the audience think this was a successor to the second Romero movies). Following on from this theme, the second Zombi movie, which should have been called Zombi 2, was titled Zombi 3. In the United Kingdom, the original Zombi movie (that is, Zombi 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, the second Zombi movie (Zombi 3) ​​became the title "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its British release. (Do you follow all this?) So if Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's Dawn, then 2 is his Day of the Dead? While this is merely a flippant observation, this narrative of military relations, helicopters and a narrative narrative certainly has a vague thematic similarity. Part of Fulci's European direction forces a movie like this, but the play, dubbing and exposure-heavy script are absolutely horrible. Its ecological message is so compelled and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered a subtitle, while there is a (unintentional) fun bird's greetings. Combining this last element with MOR 80s rock is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking about Apes time (q.v.) the whole time I looked at this. Of course, this is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing here to compete with topless diver, shark breaks zombies and eyebrows on a splinter, Fulci's misogynistic fate gets a job with a hotel cleaner's mouth grounded in a mirror until it blows blood. His finnish make predilections also see a hand separation. Both themes are combined when a woman's face is turned off, first and foremost a zombie, then a zombie fox tearing out of a pregnant woman's stomach. Clearly, this is obviously a step up from Zombi, who comes five years later. (Nine years in worldwide publishing conditions). But without the key's original charm, it struggles while Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about '79 film. Here, the zombie attack is played out to what is unnervingly listening like Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out For A Hero". In the middle of this carnage we get an annoying love, and Roger and Kenny, two gentle macho types who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly indicate the obvious. ("We are out of ammunition" for a stalling gun is a special standout). But where it also falls is in the zombies themselves. Low key or not, Fulci's original had truly magnificent rotting zombies. The skull faces, worms in the eye sockets ... they were really something to see. In contrast, this stupid follow-up is chosen for the more traditional "men with a little paint on their faces" option. <br /> <br /> Climaxet rips many Romero movies to be fun, while the use of the DJ is a crass and cheap storytelling device. Not containing the same elements of treason and gratuitous nudity of the first, it is unlikely that the same cult appeal. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci actually went on the project after allegedly looking only fifteen minutes, the rest being filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure even Fulci would have bent on the ridiculous "flying zombie head" scene and saw the honor of the director for having the good sense of leaving. Unfortunately, however, his name is above the film title of publications, so most people will be left with the impression that this is a Fulci movie through and through. On that scale, it is a big setback for him, for this film commits what you imagine Fulci would regard as the worst crime of all: being boring.
