This movie was recently released on DVD in the US and I finally got the chance to see this hard to find gem. It even came with original theatrical performances by other Italian scare classics such as "SPASMO" and "BEYOND THE DARKNESS". Unfortunately, previews were the best of this movie. "ZOMBI 3" in a bizarre way is actually associated with the infamous Lucio Fulci "ZOMBIE" franchise that started in 1979. Similarly to "ZOMBIE", "ZOMBI 3" consists of a cramped plot and a handful of extremely bad actors, that keeps this "scare" hardly left over. Gore is almost non-existent (unless you are afraid of people running around with green moss on their faces) and the English dubbing is a notch under embarrassing. Plot this time involves some kind of hidden military operation with a lot of inappropriate scientists (ie, an idiotic man and his stupid female side scoop) who develop a kind of chemical called "Death One" to recreate the dead. Unless my ears need to be checked, I don't even remember a reason for studying "Death One". It only seems to be destroying the poor souls who made the mistake of choosing to "star" in this cinematic laughter. Anyway, "Death One" is experimenting on a corpse (who I swear resembled Yul Brynner), and after it is injected into his system, he sits upright and his head explodes! The sound effects are also quite hilarious - as the body's facial bubbles with green slime, the sound of 'paper clipping' can be heard. "Death a" toxin is transported outside and is "mocked" by a group of thieves, where one gets rid of it, but infects itself after cutting on an exposed vial. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, the guy turns into a zombie, but not before he takes his early flight to a cheap motel, infects a poor gates and murder a girl by pushing her face into a bathroom mirror (!). The military captures the wind and immediately takes action before the 'elimination' of anyone who is unlucky enough to be within the 'pollution zone' and turn the motel upside down. They find the infected thief and burn his body, only to get the smoke to infect a bunch of birds flying over the stack of chimneys (!). We cut for the introduction of a group of men who are on leave from the army and listen to "groovy music" coming out of a little dinky boom box while dragging a trailer load of plain girls leaning out the windows and showing their coffins. Can anyone say "zombie food"? We also have a part-plot with a girl and her boyfriend driving a car that stops to inspect a group of birds on the road ... the same birds that were infected by 'zombie' smoke! <br /> <br /> The birds attack the girlfriend and the girl drives to an abandoned gas station to seek water. This is one of the most incredibly hilarious moments in the movie. She walks around this old dirty, rusty and overtly abandoned building, where she continues to ask loudly, "HELLO, IS NEVER HERE? PLEASE, I HAVE NEED TO WATER!" She meets a group of zombies, one of whom is chained to a wall (!), And the other swings a machete. After a little ass and tumbling around the ground, she escapes, but not before blowing up the gas station with her lighter. Meanwhile, the birds are attacking the trailer's whores and a girl is chopped and infected. They all pull up to the same motel where the original infection took place, and this is where the second highest moment of the movie takes place. After a couple of hours (one day at most), the same motel is now covered in dust, vines have grown through it and look like it has been laid off for years. Anyway, what better place to take refuge than this particular building? Needless to say, the group is beginning to break down as more people join together to get stuck in an incredibly stupid situation involving a zombie attack. <br /> <br /> The third most hilarious moment concerns a man and a woman exploring a deserted village, of which the woman says, "THIS PLACE IS A DUMP!" She then continues to be "pushed" by a balcony of a zombie into Pirahna (?) Infected Water, where she has her legs bitten and turns into a zombie within seconds! Meanwhile, her friend is back in the motel that was chopped and infected HOURS earlier, still TURNING in a zombie! Unfortunately, there are just too many inconsistencies in this movie that make this movie just too stupid for words. For example, the time frequency of infected people is very different from 'zombified'. Sometimes it takes seconds, other times it takes hours. Some zombies run, others pull their feet and go really slow. Some even move kung-fu, while others hide under stack hay to surprise people. Some of the zombies even speak! Of course, the funniest moment is the infamous 'zombie head in the fridge' that 'lifts' itself in the air and 'attacks' a stupid man looking for food. Found enough, his girlfriend gets her neck out of the 'headless' counterpart (LMAO!). <br /> <br /> The biggest disappointment for me was the lack of stories that involved the people who are in fact killed by zombies. We will never see them coming back like zombies. In fact, the only ones we see are 'zombized' those pucked by the birds and the one girl getting her legs bitten off. Apart from that, I expected at least the couple who were killed in the kitchen and / or the guy killed on the bridge to come back as zombies. It's also amazing that these zombies only take a few bites and then on to their next victim. Of course, the most ridiculous moment was the zombie messenger. A pregnant woman who has been infected lies on a bed in a hospital. A woman who seems to have a lot of "medical knowledge" trying to deliver the baby (!) And has her face pulled by a zombie before she has pushed her head into the woman's stomach where a hand breaks out and continues to tear the rest off Her face away. Timeless! As always, all characters are perfect stereotypes of this genre. The megalomaniacal military officer, the pathetic useless women screaming to be killed, the obvious signs that are about to be killed (ie, watch the man chasing a chicken!) I suppose this movie really is a comedy . There were many ridiculous scenes like the shed that blew up with a hand grenade (of course the scene where the entire budget was spent) and a climatic scene where a man shouts: "I'm thirty .... THIRD FOR YOU BLOOD!". The costumes are really bad - the same zombies reappear during the film, wearing the same 'Asian-like' clothes that can be found in a Bruce Lee movie, and beware of the blue 60's skirt is the girl at the motel wearing when she and her boyfriend encounters the infected man. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie leaves the door as usual for the apocalyptic story line. A radio DJ that tells the whole movie turns out to be a zombie himself and warns his listeners about the 'beginning of the end' while the two survivors go off in a helicopter. Hardly the "DAWN OF THE DEAD" material if you ask me. <br /> <br /> Whether this movie delivers many laughs. Gore is minimal and what is going on is very convincing, or even imaginative. The usual blend of black blood, thick green goo oozing out of crying wounds and 'zombie make-up' consisting of green moss. "ZOMBI 3" provides a good rental for a sleeping party or an evening of beer and popcorn. Apart from that, horror fans must stay away. <br /> <br /> 3 out of 10
