Zombi 3 starts as a group of heavily armed men who steal an experimental chemical designed to revive the dead while trying to escape, being shot on, and breaking the chemical container. The man gets some of the green chemical on a wound on his hand, which soon turns him into a carnival cannibalistic zombie. Within hours, the surrounding area with the meat eating edible looking for fresh victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his roommates is in serious trouble as they stop helping Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lia ( Deborah Bergammi), whipped by zombie birds (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and has to stop the zombie plague from spreading all over the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> This Italian produced movie was to be led by Italian zombie gore film author Lucio Fulci, but the story goes, he has had a stroke and therefore could not finish the film so producer Franco Gaudenzi asked other unit director Bruno Mattei & author Claudio Fragasso for entering and completing the film. Apparently, Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finish that they actually ignored a lot of the pictures Fulci shot & added a lot of their own & Zombi 3 ended up being almost a straight 50/50 split. The script from Fragasso is an absolute mess, none of it is well thought out and is just as stupid as it gets. The scenes of zombie birds are attacking people are not only technically inappropriate, but the whole idea is just absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency at all, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge, and the zombies are slow while shuffling together, but then looking at the scene earlier where she was attacked by zombie with machete because one runs around as if it is on steroids, so for a reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the movie is finished, the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak, which also seems silly. There are so many things wrong with Zombi 3, scene after scene with terribly thought out and ineptly-directed action, horrible character & really boring broken English dialogue that doesn't make sense half of the time. Then there is the embarrassing scene where the zombie head in the refrigerator suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite some neck, the stage when the guy in white contaminants fits in finally is killing Kenny & Roger, but instead of Using their automatic rifles, they decide to try and kill them by hand, even when Kenny picks a gun himself, they still refuse to use their rifles, and when Kenny starts shooting them all, they still refuse to use their rifles and that is a of the most outrageously handled scenes ever set to film & then there is the end where Kenny takes off in the helicopter, but cannot rest it on the ground for literally a few seconds to pick up his buddy and then come a lot zombies suddenly up from under some piles of grass, what? Since when did zombies hide themselves alone under piles of grass? All of this may sound 'fun' but believe me it's not, it's a really bad movie that is just boring, repetitive, and simply does not seem like any entertainment, except for a couple of unintentional laughs. <br /> <It is hard to know who was responsible for what exactly but none of the footage is particularly well shot. It has a gentle lifeless feeling about it and for some reason the decision makers have tried to bathe every scene in fog, the problem is that they obviously only had a fog machine and you can see that the fog is clearly thicker in a corner of The screen it comes straight out of the machine and fades as it spreads across the stage. As much of it is set during the day, it doesn't add any kind of atmosphere at all, and when they get it right and the fog is evenly distributed on the screen, it seems they shot the scene on a foggy day! The direction is poor without consistency & it just looks and feels at the bottom of the barrel's stuff. Even blood and gore is not too much, there is an ugly hand that separates in the beginning, a scene when something shudders out of a pregnant woman's stomach, a deadly woman (what actually took her legs away in the pot & why did it take Not the legs of the guy who jumped in to save her?) and a few OK looking zombies, is just as ugly as it gets. For anyone who hopes to see a gay party, those who Fulci regularly serve during the late 70s and early 80s will be very disappointed, there are no decent feeding scenes, no intestines, no one stand out 'head shots' & very little Gore at all. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is poor, the special effects are pictorial, the cinematography is dull, the music is horrible, the sites are dull, and it has production values ​​at the bottom. This was actually shot in the Philippines to keep costs down to a minimum. The whole movie is obviously dubbed, the play still looks terrible, and the English version seems to be written by someone who doesn't understand the language as well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a sequel to Fulci's classic zombie gore party Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it at all except for the cash-in title. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is an amateur mess on a movie, it's boring, it makes no sense, it's not fun enough to be entertaining and it lacks some decent work. One to avoid.
