When I finally got the opportunity to see Zombie 3 (Zombie Bottle Theaters 2 in Europe) on an import region 2 Japanese DVD, I was blown away by just as entertaining this zombie epic is. The transfer is just about immaculate, as good as it ever is, unless Anchor Bay gets it. Gore really stands out as it should, and you can really appreciate the excellent makeup and gore for example. The sound is also fantastic. It's only 2 channel dolby, but if you have a receiver with Dolby Prologic 2, you can really appreciate the cheesy music (actually a very good score) and the effective though inexpensive sound effects. It never sounds so good, and the excellent transfer contributes to overall enjoyment. <br /> <br /> I have never understood how much blood is flowing in this movie, it is extremely brutal with exploding headshots, exploding plush drones, a split into a zombie throat, a woman's burnt extremities (how did it come I didn't burn the guy too), intestinal munching, zombie babies and so much more I lost track. It is undoubtedly for hardcore Zombie action fans, especially of the Italian type. There are some good sets and movies that exist, I think people don't give it enough credit, if you see a clean print and no terrible piracy, it's a completely different experience altogether. <br /> <br /> This movie never stops for a second, and I realize it's inconsistent, plotwise, duplication is horrible, the action is stiff, and the sense of irreverence is celebrated in grand fashion, but it's a part of its charm. For me, this is one of the best horror movies ever made, you can't make a movie this bad, as well, on purpose. It is the unintentional genius of the highest order. If they played it for laughs, it would have been a disaster, but they played it just like an arrow and the result is a fantastic cult classic that thumbs up in all traditional film-making standards. <br /> <br /> Tones of action sequences, exotic locations, excellent set design, good, sometimes greedy filmography, wonderful cheesy acting and inconsistent but still interesting plot, great makeup effects, beautiful women who can kick ass, great music and sometimes hilarious, sometimes scary, but always entertaining zombies. How can you go wrong with this movie, it has it all, a cult classic standing the time test.
