Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I did. Still, I wanted to be able to enjoy it as another zombie movie that was my profit and it wasn't. This was another form of enjoyment. This was unhealthy, a perverted joy that I participated in watching one of the most ridiculous films Id still seen. And I don't care what Fulci excuses were, there was no excuse for this movie how it went. This was a bad movie all around, but I still can't give it under a 4 out of 10, which is what I gave it, for good ... at least I was able to laugh at this misfit of a movie. <I had to imagine these zombies that were over the ceilings of these buildings everywhere ... had to imagine that they either got bored as hell so they crawled up the beams and sat down on stone erections, or they so the fleshy live motley band of jerk-offs come around so they took it upon themselves to build many air flights. Hell, what's more to do when you're dead? I had to laugh at some zombies who did what seemed to be martial arts swings, kicks and jumps, and some shambling about as traditional meatlovers. I attached my eyes to a floating head that was never explained. I looked in terribly terrible joy when the land they were in, the Phillipens, was completely engulfed in fog, heavy fog, and that the pond was like the cooked castle graves. I even had to ring when I saw that the design of a cure for this plague was outlined on a blackboard as an octagon with lines extending from each angle with "Dead One" written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... if the science of healing zombies is so easy then I wonder if I could come up with something to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All in all, I was sure the original worked as bad, the story was absurd, the zombies were inconsistent, even in a bad way they could all be the same, and the women were ugly, but I found myself enjoyed this thing. It was a fun watch. It turned out to be a very very bad movie, and I would not recommend this thing unless you are in poor management film, but still I say again ... it was worth having a good laugh. I long for zombie movies no matter what, but since this had Fulci's name attached to it, it should have been much better. Let me dare say the Zombie Holocaust was better.
