I'm an avid fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I have to say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") in 1988, which he did with two other directors Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was a disappointment . Especially in relation to its great predecessor, Fulci's very own Gore classic "Zombi 2" (aka "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") in 1979, this is very disappointing. Sure, the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it's not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not Italian Zombie flicks and as an enthusiastic fan of Italian Horror -film and low-cost cinema, I love many movies that have only been rewarded with much lower ratings. Also, many of my Italian horror buffs seem to think of this movie as undervalued, which I unfortunately cannot agree with. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities, above all Fulci's miserable gore effects, which is always a pleasure to watch in an Italian Horror / Gore buff. The basic idea behind the film is also not bad (although it is far from original), and I liked the military's ruthless depiction. Unfortunately, it's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely gory, but besides it really creepy, it is not scary or scary for a minute and the nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to see "Zombi 3". The movie is sometimes fun to watch, but only for gore and as an unintentional comedy. I suppose it was mainly the gore who came from Fulci and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in a bunch of ugly cult flicks (such as D'Amato's "Porno Holocaust"), and the other is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, the god-horrible "Troll 2". All in all, this is certainly for gore, but out of all the Fulci movies I have seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I have seen most of this fantastic movie maker's repertoire. I am a Fulci fan and I will always be, but it is probably not his magic moment. It may be fun for gore, but I recommend watching any other Fulci movie before this!
