I've seen this movie twice now and I have to say I enjoyed it both times. It's fast and fun, but ultimately bad. Having said that, it deserves to be waste because of turning up what could have been a good follow-up to the original original. It is clear to those who have seen the horrible 'Zombie Creeping Flesh' that the movie's major shortcomings may be due to Bruno Mattei and that the little that is legitimate may be due to Fulci. This is not inactive Fulci sycophancy, the director's styles are strongly opposite throughout and you can tell who directed what, especially in Matt's case. The film is centered on the outbreak of a virus (strangely referred to as the "top secret" of a scientist, the secret is apparently more remarkable than its potentially apocalyptic effect on humanity) somewhere in Southeast Asia. The virus causes zombies as behaviors of the affected, and the virus spreads rapidly over an apparently arbitrary area of ​​soil. Our protagonists inadvertently migrate into the danger zone and have to fight for their lives against hordes of infected Asians. <br /> <br /> The movie seems to be stuck halfway between being a zombie gore flick and an out and about action adventure, and this confusion is most clearly captured by the zombies themselves. They do not seem to have a set of characteristics that are common to all. Some are of the regular rare mixed variety, so well reproduced in the original, and probably the Fulci's creation here. The other main group consists of those who, by being infected with the virus, lost all of their feelings of themselves, but took on a tough aggression and a desire to earn a black belt in ninjitsu: Indecisively, it is uncertain whether to continue to pull their upper round house technique or engage with their brethren in what resembles a lot of source feast on their unhappy victims. Martial arts skills are also not their only talents, they are well-versed in guerrilla tactics, hiding on beams and under hen chests, and sometimes inexplicably falling from nowhere, but the sky itself. This is certainly Mattei's work. <br /> <br /> There is a third, more chatty, variety of zombie. This type apparently also has a sense of irony, 'I'm really thirsty ... FOR YOUR BLOOD'. The ridiculous twist at the end, where the DJ becomes a zombie, but continues to preach ad libbed gibberish about man's destiny, only serves to improve the WTF factor and annihilate any hope of a serious resolution. <br /> <br /> So there is the infamous zombie head that slowly moves through the air, a joker skeleton flash thrown over its face, as if to say "yes, we know how bad it looks". The people are all quite a dimensional as you would expect. But it is the pseudo comic dialogue and dubbing that really prevents us from taking their situation seriously. Having said that, the first soldier to die puts an impressive brave screen against an unstoppable zombie threat. In fact, it's the first and perhaps only time we hit real zombie agro and one of the only effective scenes in the movie. The guy who played the chief researcher has a heart, but no talent who uses breaks in his lines randomly, so he ends up sounding like a confused asthmatic. The researchers on the screen are trying to find an antidote is quite convincing "Now let's put these two molecules together!" <br /> <br /> However, there are a few moments that stand out as really effective though. In an early stage, a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage. When we enter a room, we face a crazy view of a changing figure in the corner and a crooked mass on the floor, all shot in an atmospheric diffused light. The silence is interrupted by the appearance of a quick machete-wielding zombie who throws everything in his wake in his alarming desperation to get her. His pure aggressiveness is one of the few moments of real horror in the movie. Before and after the theme being conducted through the hotel, hosting the events of the earliest stage of the outbreak, and later as a refuge to our protagonists, is steeped in a thick, humid atmosphere. There is a scene where one of the soldiers gently approaches a boarded room that clearly houses hordes of undead, and it is quite tense. Things become more dramatic when they steer themselves at the hotel without knowing what is lurking upstairs. But it is not as effective as it could have been. All in all, I would say that this movie might just deserve to be called a royal screw up of a potentially effective tropical zombie party, rather than just one through and through bad movie. If nothing else it has lots of the unintentional grin that I expect from almost everything Italian and gory from the eighties.
