I can't care about Lars van Trier's film. I consider 'Breaking the Waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. I loved 'Dancer in the Night'. I admired the idea in 'Dogville', but the overall exercise also saw me dry and theatrical, smaller cinema. 'Europe', which I see only now, was a famous movie at the time, succeeded in the US by the relative success of a European film and made Oscar the best foreign language film, but did not survive well in my opinion. It is also an overly explicit and extroverted exercise in cinema art to my liking. The story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer. Treat the period that immediately followed World War II not in the black and white colors of victories and overcome by executioners and victims, but as rather ambiguous times when people from both sides struggled to survive in the wake of a catastrophic event that changed the lives of nations And individuals forever are still a source of disputes even today, more like novel and brave two decades ago. Yet it is the term that really does not seem to fit the task. <br /> <br /> The movie seems to contain many quotes coming down directly from Hitchcock's movie, especially his early films in the past-war Europe, with brave British spies fighting evil German spies on trains crossing the continent in the dark at high speed. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. Here, the train is also the symbol of the first spark of Germany's rebirth after war, its power, its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and courtesy. The characters that fill the train are far from being the classic spy stories good or bad. The most important character that a young American of German origin comes to the post-war era in Europe, which is willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation, finds itself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators resembling more oppressive occupiers where they fainted did not go to their destiny but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love mixed with treason. <br /> <br /> It is still this classic film processing that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the acts, especially Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and lack credibility. The overall cinema does not seem to be Hitchcock-like, but rather from a poor imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. The use of color over the black and white film used for most of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also for demonstration. It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to try to show what a great filmmaker he is. He is really great, as he will show in some of his later films, but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone.
