... but I expected better from Caroline Munro. She made some great movies, and I hoped it would be just as good. In fact, she and this other blonde girl (the girl who got electrocuted I think) were the only two out of the 8-11 actors that could act. This movie has the worst action I've ever seen. almost as bad as 'Psycho' (1998). the really stupid part was when the woman was in the shower and marty rigged it to pour battery acid into it. She starts screaming, and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the world. she tries to get out, but "randomly" falls back. I will admit that the violence and history are good with Harry Manfredini's music, but the play could have been much better. there were two other characters, frank and joe. I do not know about you, but they bore a strange resemblance to acyrod. Also, when they find the woman's fried body in the bathtub, you would think they would scream and barefoot. No. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman are the only ones who respond. Frank and Joe hardly show signs of fear or disgust. I don't know about you, but I know if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would puke. Even when Joe begins to say things like "What happened to Marty was an accident, it wasn't our fault." he says it as his nervous or scared, but hardly shows any facial expressions. then the blonde girl starts crying and says "I'm scared frank!" And she grabs Joe. I guess the actress really didn't know which guy was there. The movie's ending is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the climax of "jaws: revenge". all the eight friends stop dead, marty kills them all, but then you see something that looks like he is being chased by their rotten body, and then it just cuts to march still in the hospital from the accident and saw the movie ending, dress up as a nurse trying to soothe him, but then we see that the marty has come into her clothes or as such kills a doctor, and the movie ends with marty peeling the skin of his face. which brings me to this next question. WHAT WAS THE WRITING ON WHEN GET IT?!?!?!?! Did he actually expect people to understand what hell happened? The end left me so confused. were the signs still alive? is marty still angry? Have the events we just saw not happened yet or not at all? I do not know. In general, this movie was pretty stupid. The action sucked, the music was okay, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). Basically, this is just one of your average 80s teen slasher flicks. see it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the film's release from intentional drug abuse. I think he was the only one who knew this movie was what it really was. An arrow of sh **
