The movie opens with a flashback to Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students play a prank on the nerd Marty class. When they are punished for playing such a prank, they follow up with a larger prank, which (the couple for the slasher film course involving pranks on class nerds) goes ridiculously awful and simultaneously leaves Marty burnt by fire and disinfected by acid to Be thorough. Fast forward for five years, where we find members of the student chamber together at the now abandoned high school for their five-year-old classroom. We find out that it is no coincidence that everyone at reunion belonged to the lump of pranksters from the flashback scene, as all the participants are stalked and killed by a mysterious, jester-masked killer in increasingly complicated and thought-out ridiculous fashion. It does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the killer's identity, as it appears to be none other than a scarred Marty who apparently used his nerd rage and high intellect to bend physics and technique to rig the school for his revenge scenario. The film takes a trip to the bizarre, as Marty ends up demanding his revenge on her past plagues, only to be haunted by their ghosts. Marty is finally pushed all over the edge and takes her own life. Finally, the film explodes into a crescendo of incoherent amusement, as the entire revenge scenario is revealed to be a dream in the first place, as Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, frees herself from her limitations, sticks a nurse, and finally disfigures her own face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a terminal case with horror movie logic. The only originality comes from the mind-blowing ways in which the victims are sent. The absurd it-was-all-a-dream ended up feeling tacked on. It is almost as if someone pointed to the film's heterogeneous character, and the author then decided that it was a dream. Technically, the movie is terrible. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I had to stop the movie and play with the color of my television. The action is sub-par, even for slasher movies. I can't help but think that casting was part of the problem, as all the actors see at least five years older than the characters they portray, making the flashback scene even more unintentionally ridiculous. Their lack of commitment to the movie has been made clear, as half of them can't bother keeping their accents right through the movie. All this being said, if you like bad horror movies, you might like this too. It's not the worst movie of the genre, but it's far from the best.
