What about Domino I hated all over and I mean everything else? Maybe it was the overall glory of being a bounty hunter; perhaps it was sexism masquerading as an engaging and interesting study of a hard bodily female lead character; perhaps the mere look at the movie with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blue tints or the way it takes an actress like Lucy Lui; who deserves much better than this unwanted and has her sitting there in one place in the room, the light cannot directly hit with the same stupid look on her face. Maybe it's editing; the horrible quick fire editing and the way dialogue lines echo as they are pronounced by people like Kiera Knightly, as if you buy as a bounty hunter, then you will probably be able to reject yourself to believe that the world will end in 2012. <br /> <br /> No one comes from Domino with any credibility, absolutely no at all. It is a painful and rude experience that draws inspiration from things like Natural Born Killers and lets loose ideas for an audience, not even for them. The main question is: "Should Domino be a kind of comedy?" what about her hilariously bad management uttering certain lines that desperately want us to think she is crossing like 'hard' but really, she looks more like an arrogant fifteen year old girl on her first day at elementary school and trying to impress their peers. There are things you really don't know how to respond to whether they should be fun or not. If it were to be a comedy, ask for the next question: "Is the life of a bounty hunter really the kind of thing to use for laughing? I don't think so. <br /> <br /> The movie opens with the title card "Based on a true story ........ kind of." If it were to be a kind of postmodern technique that would allow Director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his own unique purpose, then you are simply on another planet. The truth is, in the one opening quote, the movie identifies the subject and the original text before it is completely cut out and says "kind" that I suppose should enable them to make Domino older than she should be and appear on Jerry Springer. After that, we learn about Domino's relationship with his father who died in the movie when she was ten or something; Here is the first use of the kind of 'cop' which in fact she was only four. But if the movie had gone off of reality dates, her entire drive would have been born out of the death of ....... her goldfish. <br /> <br /> We are then pushed into action by Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) himself and would love love Choco (Ramírez). Under the stage, an American mother is pinning down through a shot in her own caravan at the rear end of nowhere as she asks for her son's life to be saved. What a really misunderstood opening; Present their three leaders as nasty people who go into trailers, turn off weapons on innocents, we don't know anything about and come close to shooting their dog dogs. The immediate feeling is hate against the three leads, a sense of 'no, why are you doing this? Why does this happen? "Poor seeds are planted and you will not know what they stick to. The film is painful to watch, scary itself; like these three ripples their way through the piece complete with supporting performances from actors known to play characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another post-modernist slope, people playing themselves and the kind of 'Joker card' being played again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role as a series of Robert Downey Jr's Natural Born Killers character. br /> So as the film plods on and Domino's thrown into Ed and Choco's gang, solely for her great looks I can add, it is seen in the middle of the plot to do with fake driver registration I.Ds or something that Choco and Domino can have feelings for each other. The problem is, as each practitioner does such a bad job in their respective character; there is no chemistry and no feeling between the two; the film is not a love story, so why do you dislike going down the n way in the first place? Is anyone interested in these two characters in the midst of all the quick edits and things that pop up? If there is any 'feeling' between Choco and Domino, it exists on such a small, minimalist scale that you have to ask why it is included. <br /> <br /> Then the film feels the need to turn things up narrative. We find out the cause of the fake I.Ds attached to another and a guy talking on a cell phone in a sound-proof bubble. The sound-proof bubble I can believe, but how does he get his phone underwater and into the bubble at first without being flooded? He must have been swimming really fast ?? double the speed of the movie's fast-paced editing, which matters in the area .01 of a second. Yes sure. The history of the film is both too complicated and simply random before it goes to a really stupid climax where several things are blowing up. In addition, there is a really unpleasant scene that has to do with a wallboard filled with new ethnic groups, and the movie's comedy runs so dry that it has to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" chant while people are on a popular American talk show. When will we last do "Jerry! Jerry!" when we were saying, seven years old? I came away and felt sad and depressed in the existence of such a movie.
