I do not know if this movie problem is more guilty in direction or script. As you will see in many reviews, the editing mode is exaggerated. It is absolutely distracting and without substance, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes from the movie. I don't write many reviews here, but felt that this movie was so horrible that it deserved comment. Movies like this are eroded by film making as an art form. Movies like this show more and more clearly that the current Reality focus in the cinema reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People shine there crafts, there are 5 senses, and there is business sense - overlooking out there in their own inner life. But I do not blame them, it is more and more the unfortunate state of this age - qualified by films like this. But by the proxy, these manufacturers would not dare to make poor artists vomit that lack of inner life or concern on the screen - it diffuses for everyone. A story of bounty hunters, pistols, and several weapons, heavily handed flaunting of sex - for the so-popular actress (did they write the dance dance scene after they signed her?), Over saturated, over exaggerated, a liners, nonlinear plot. All different and yet all the same. Annoying overwhelming music to push the emotions into the throat. A story? a development of character? or just detained, missing information, revealed at the end to create the * effect * of a story - as if it were happening. It completely lacks something that resembles lightness. It's a caricature of stereotypes and genre. Where are the movies with Consciousness? What about the subtlety of sound and music that you don't even realize is there? What about the depth of a look? What about editing with a point of mind and consciousness? yes even in action movies it can happen. Sure they have honed a craft; But what use is it without soul or wisdom? of insight into the human condition? Can the people who commented and said this is a sign of art, or compare it to Picasso and others - I say put this next to Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original trilogy of the Star Wars or Lord of the Rings; Then look me in the face and tell it again. It's a good crew, but they need help with depth and history. I hope they get it because I like the crews previous work. better luck next time.
