This was another unclear Christmas-related title, a low-budget Mexican production from the exploitation filmmaker Cardona (NIGHT OF BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which ?? as many a genre effort from this country ?? was acquired for release in the US by K. Gordon Murray. Judging by the two mentioned efforts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary ?? and this one has already got its share of flakes above, is certainly not better! The film is actually quite redolent over the invisibility that characterized Mexican horror excursions from the era, but gave an extra dimension due to the colored color (as in the light of the redness of the redness except for St. Nick himself, the devil plays a major role in The whole thing was crucial). Nevertheless, the plot in a nutshell involves Satan's efforts to put Christmas Eve on Christmas Eve with the children of the earth; however, there is much more wackiness along the way: in the beginning, our portly, white beard and chronically pleasing man lives in red in a heavenly palace, apart from accompanying toy maker kids from all over the world on his piano when they sing (cumbersome for the entire first reel!) in their mother tongue, visit Merlin ?? the famous magician at King Arthur's Court, here bafflingly but entertainingly prone to child-like jumping and murmuring gibberish! ?? once a year to acquire potions that would bring sleep to the youth and make themselves invisible (by the way, the troll's anachronistic presence here is no less unlikely than he is a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in SON OF Dracula [1974] !!) ; Besides, he always seems to have got some excess weight, so Santa must train to fit in with each magic chimney! The devil's antics (enthusiastic rubbing of hands together at every turn and generally hamming it up) to stop with St. Nick's delivery program is so complete puerile: their tit-for-tat shenanigans look like an old Laurel & Hardy routine more than anything! To redecorate in maturity, we focus on three sets of children: One, the lonely son of a rich couple who doesn't want anything more for Christmas than their company (projected as a desire-seeking fantasy, where the boy finds his parents wrapped in extra-large packages !), a girl from a poor family who longs to own a doll by herself (the hornet first desires her to steal one, then invades the little dream to no avail) and a trio brats who is reappeared by Satan, thinking of something other than causing evil and eventually falling out among themselves. There is certainly imagination in the workplace here, but it is used with a little rhyme or reason, while the overall juvenile approach holds entertainment (unless one counts the movie as a guilty pleasure) well in check!
