This Santa movie starts oddly, and I think Santa can be a pedo. Instead of the usual eleven toy men, this Santa Claus apparently kidnapped children from all over the world and made them sing a little as a sign from "It's a Small World"! I suppose there are no child labor laws on the weird astral plan he lives on (it is apparently NOT the North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these children seem very happy, and I continued to see commands breaking in and saving the thieves, although I think for some of the third world schools, these working conditions might be an improvement over local sweatshops. I hope all they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene changes sharply to hell, how many and many demons dance as if they were in a Busby Berkeley musical. This fun in the halt of Satan who orders one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to destroy Christmas !! Personally, I thought this movie already did it! The devil and his imps are actually kind of cute - like Hot Stuff from Harvey Comics but with cool evil goats! Or if you are Puerto Rican, like a roadside mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> Somehow, a poverty-stricken Mexican child named Lupita is a group of shaken children who want to cuddle Santa and some rich children, key fields for the devil and Santa !! So if the prince of darkness (not Donald Trump, that is the second prince of darkness) can somehow make her steal and be bad, he will 'win' - what do we not really know! In fact, as they rotate her, you get the impression that the filmmakers intend Santa to be Jesus - having all those great powers and fighting the devil over the souls of children! Later, Santa meets with his friend Merlin. He asks him to make him a special powder that makes people dream good dreams. Considering how much santa laughs in the movie (like a dubbed chip monk), I suppose he needs to use this drug a lot! He immediately goes to see a blacksmith who makes him a magic key that opens all doors. Considering he keeps the kids as his personal "assistants", this magic key thing worries me tremendously! On Christmas Eve on Christmas Eve, you see Lupita behave like a little angel - a problem down. Santa then takes time out to take care of the rich child whose parents are selfish jerks. He gives them some kind of crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems are solved. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! And as for the little pitcher, he gives them fun! Frustrated with his loss for Christmas, Pitch then tries to steal the sled (which is drawn by cruel animatronic deer). When this fails, he destroys Santa's stash of 'magic powder'! As a result, Santa cannot become invisible to avoid dogs and become the tree. Uh, oh ... how can Santa take a detour to the Betty Ford Clinic if he's stuck in a tree? Will St. Nick come down from the tree and get the monkey from the back or will the devils win? If you wont, tune in and see. But be warned that the movie is bat-crap crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is yecchy. While it's in color, it's really nice. The music is mostly done in a body - which, together with the bad song from the children, may produce the worst soundtrack I have heard in recent memory. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very, very scary. Devils and a Santa who kidnap children are just plain creep-tastic. It's a movie you should never show to children, but make a good movie to watch with friends so you can laugh at it from start to finish!
