This should be the sharpest, most twisted holiday movie I've ever patted on, and that says something. I know the Mexican people have some odd ideas about religion, blending ancient antiquity with traditional Christian theology. But their death day is not as scary as their take on Santa Claus. <br /> <br /> So.Santa is not a jolly, fat red-qualified alcoholic (look at the rosy cheeks for a while!). Rather, he is a skinny sociopathic pedophile living in heaven (or heaven, whatever), with a bunch of children working harder than the one in Kathy Lee Gifford's sweat shops. They sing sweet-searching traditional songs in their home countries while wearing clothes so stereotypically that I was surprised that there was not a little African-American boy in a black face singing 'Mammy'. This Santa is a Peeping Tom pervert who looks and listens to everything everyone does from his 'eye in heaven'. That's how he can tell who has been naughty or good (with emphasis on those who are naughty, I bet). There is no Mrs. Claus, no elves (what does he need elves for when he has child labor?) And reindeer are mechanical wind-up toys! This floating freak show floats on a cloud, presumably stopped by its silver lining. Santa's nemesis is ... the devil! What is this, Santa our Lord and Savior? Strange. Anyhoo sends Satan one of his minions, a mincing, prancing devil named Pitch, to try to screw up Christmas. Let me get it right - the purest evil forces are trying to ruin a completely commercial and greedy journey? Seems a little redundant, right? <br /> <br /> Pitch is completely ineffective. He tries to talk some kids to be bad, but doesn't have much luck. I was severely hit by the story of the saintly little girl Lupe whose family is very poor. All she wants is a doll for Christmas, but his parents can't afford to buy her (they all spent their money on the paper they built their house out of). So Pitch is trying to encourage her to steal a doll. In fact, the only way a girl the poor would ever get a doll to be saintly and pray to God and holy Santa does not work. But Lupe resists temptation and tells Pitch to get you behind her and then it is rewarded by being given a doll so creepy to see that you just know it's Chucky's sister. Along the way, Pitch manages to get Santa stuck in a tree (uh-huh) from which he is rescued by Merlin! Merlin? You have to fool me! Since when are mythical Druid figures seen in Christmas, or do they have anything to do with a Christian religion? And does God not reject magic? They would have burned Merlin on the stake a couple of hundred years ago, and not ask him to come to the rescue of one of God's aspects (or that is what I suppose Santa Claus must be to go against Satan). This movie is a long HUH? from start to finish, and it will make you wonder if the egg book you drank was not spiked or anything. It was probably because this movie is like a long gigantic DT.
