Whether you see the normal version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the complete GALL that entered this production. The filmmakers insult the viewers' intelligence from one end to the other and, of course, cannot do less than they do. Everything about it is rock bottom cheap. Even the 1950s car in the feedback sequence to the era looks like it was pulled out of a junkyard. <br /> <br /> As you probably know, "Hobgoblins" are "realized" with poorly crafted towels and stuffed toys; When a person is supposed to be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy is held by the victim to his own body. When the critters scurry away from the two security guards, this (or rather not shown) is displayed by the camera trying the UP on the guards as they look down and turn their heads on as if they see the hobbob glare. It is reminiscent of the scene in the movie "Tangents", where two people are in the ruins of a future world, investigating the wreck, and we are not showing any of it. Budget constraints alloyed with complete incompetence generally mean that you have nothing worth showing, so why try? The sets were completely ridiculous. The "Club Scum" was an obvious diner; the house seems to have been a vacant house - probably for rent or sale - as the production company got hold of an hour or two to shoot. The "spacecraft" is something I would have been ashamed to build when I was a 10-year-old model-making. <br /> <br /> The characters of the characters make no sense - Kevin is being blamed by his worthless incarcerated by a boyfriend because he has not made her "proud of him". I'm sure this was supposed to make their reconciliation oh so touching at the end, but any guy with real self-respect would have told her to go to hell and leave her. Nick is apparently back from 2 months of army training (yes, lovely regulation haircut, Nick) and seems bent on proving that our country has been defended by sadistic, moronic animals that are sex maniacs. Kyle is a red-shorts phone freak who dreams of a night with a spandex-clad dominatrix type, but he's so successful that he's more likely to be gay than not. One of the girls is a prude and the other is a sleaze. <br /> <br /> And the Hobbies? At the end they all go back to the vault where they have lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? So what? Watch this movie and be amazed at how primitive filmmaking in our modern age can be when you have an idiotic script, incompetent direction, actors who are so bad they would be rejected from a high school theater production and put Edward worth D. Wood, Jr.
