This rip off of 1984 hit "Gremlins" is possibly the biggest train wreck of a movie ever made. Even for a 'B' movie, every other cheap horror movie on the same platform completely dwells on this movie for plot, play and goodness. It starts with a random old security guard and younger punky security guard whose name has no meaning. Why? Because he enters the movie for a few minutes, he enters the forbidden security room and kills as he unfolds his imagination to be a rock star in a cheap pub. <br /> <br /> This is just an appetizer of scat-filled main course. KEVIN, the protagonist, struggles several times to prove himself more than a total pussy. Perhaps he succeeds within the film, but to the audience he proves himself as nothing but a bad actor. Kevin gets a job with the old security guard and is guided through his security change in (waiting for it) abandoned study party. Yes why bother making a set when you can just use the studio yourself. Back to the movie. Kevin somehow opens the forbidden safe and releases Hobgoblins. Hobgoblins force people to live their wildest fantasies and kill them for some reason. They must be returned before sunrise or else ... or what? Exactly. Other figures include Kevin '' macho 'army friend NICK, Nick's' woman' DAPHNE, whose character has no more substance than a bitch-minded state and prostitute worthy clothing. There is Kevin's manipulative and "reserved" boyfriend AMY, whose deepest desire seems to be a poorly portrayed Cher look-alike with fish socks with a pair of blue grandma pants on top .. Don't ask me how it works. Probably the most entertaining character of all is KYLE. How such groups of friends are made is up to the question. Kyle is a perverted crib that cannot walk for an hour without self-stimulation. His hobbies include calling sex chat lines from others' homes and probably sniffing underwear. The story unfolds as the hero's quest for Hobgoblins: knee-high creatures (aka. Hand Towels) For some reason, try to travel no further than the boundaries of the local neighborhood. Each of the characters gradually lives their wildest fantasy, which never has anything to do with millions of dollars ... or the movie has a big budget. <br /> <br /> WARNING SPOILERS AED: Twist at the end of this movie will leave the viewer wondering "what?" Hobgoblins are returned to the security of ... their own free will. Perhaps they lost patience and waited for sunrise to get devastated, or perhaps history writers were cramped and decided not to worry about the end. Returning to security, the old security guard reveals "What he learned in the military" and detonates explosives that destroy security, signaling the end of the evil Hobgoblins and the end of this roller coaster ride; better mounted on a trip on an escalator. <br /> <br /> The glory of this movie is enough to send anyone to tears. If you plan to see it, I recommend a few alcoholic drinks in advance to take the film out of mind.
