"House of Evil" aka "Dance of Death" from 1968 is the first of four notorious and weird last films starring the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), all released after Karloff's death in 1969, "House Of Evil" was released in 1968, when Karloff was still alive. "House of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which is undoubtedly somewhat crappy, but certainly has their entertainment value as the unintentional comedies they are. I personally prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House of Evil" over the other two simply because the lack of the smallest logic is even more extreme and since there is no excitement at all in any of the films, it lacks the logic increases the accidental fun factor. The odd story (I don't know if I can really call it a 'plot') is set somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some girls have been murdered and found with their eyes ripped off, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites his few backward relatives to his bizarre mansion, full of creepy toys. His kin includes Lucy Durant (Julissa), engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. <br /> <br /> I don't want to give away more of the story, but I can assure you it's pretty bizarre throughout the movie. There are some very funny moments, especially some things that Karloff's character says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and important icons in the Horror genre that has ever lived, and he manages to assign this odd movie with a little of his grandeur, and even though (or because) his role is (because of a bad script and and instructing) in no way scary, it seems that he deliberately plays it with a sense of humor. As in the film's sequel "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female leader is again played by Julissa. <br /> <br /> Most of his supportive performances are hilarious amateurish, the cinematography is horrible, and the rankings and scenarios are contemptuous. History lacks the slightest logic, and the dialogue often does not give the slightest meaning. It is the bad story and dialogue that makes this movie so entertaining to see. "House of Evil" can be an extremely crappy attempt at a movie, but it's certainly (unintentional) fun, as it's bad. Fans of Ed Woods movie must be very amused, I personally found it fun. Crappy but entertaining anyway, and definitely worth seeing as there is Boris Karloff in it and because of the fun factor. 3.10
