The fallen ones begin with the archeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert to discover the mummified remains of a 42 foot tall giant, now there is something you do not see every day. Matt works for real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday resort in the country, and he calls with Angela Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm unsure of. Nevertheless, both of them try to figure out what they have on their hands when some of the team goes away, calls Morton to security man Ammon (Navid Negahban) to deal with the situation. However, old text translator Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) translates some old text (as he wanted) and is shocked to learn from an evil prophecy where these giants will rise up and take over the world for the fallen, or something similar. It's up to Matt to save the day and the whole planet ... Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the movie as the old warrior leader in the beginning, personally believed the fallen ones were a horrible movie & so is simple and straight forward like that. There are so many things that are just bad about The Fallen Ones both on a technical and conceptual level, the script does not make much sense, and it does not go through to the last 20 odd minutes with which time I had almost lost the will to living. The character is horrible and as clichéd as you like, the dialogue is bad as in very, very bad & the whole movie is predictable, I mean, it doesn't come as a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day is it? It's not a big surprise that the mummified giant is going to come back to life, even why so wait up to an hour into the movie when most of the audience will be in a kind of comatose state. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook doesn't impress, the battle scenes are absolutely horrible and why do you dress your evil in a horrible shadow of purple? They look naff. To give it some credit, the special effects on the giant mummy itself are really good, although there are not so many of them, since he does not look for over an hour, there are also some normal sizes that appear to have come Right from the set The Mummy (1999), unfortunately, these are not used to any great effect and are actually wasted as a comic relief. The mechanical mummy was quite a good idea, but looked stupid and there is no way on Earth that all these people could work with each other to operate it, in fact the more I think of the more ridiculous is the idea. Forget about scare, tension or atmosphere and don't even think about doing anything or violence because there's no one. Technically De Fallen Ones is nothing special and apart from the impressive giant mummy effects there is little her to be excited about. The ghost CGI & water effects are horrible, it was made for television and there are shows. The action was bad, Wagner looks embarrassed, and that is probably the only thing Dien & Bosley can get these days. <br/> <br /> The fallen ones are a bad movie, there are no two ways about it as far as I'm concerned. Not recommended at any level or in any way, one to avoid.
