What I think I like best about the new Star Wars movie, "Phantom Menace", is that it will probably blow "Titanic" out of the water if you want to apologize for the pun when it comes to pure devastating cash cash receipts, thereby knocking it out of number one place. Every time I hear someone who declares "Titanic" is the biggest movie they have ever seen, I think, "You can't see many movies, do you?" What a travesty. You can make 50 good movies that are much better than "Titanic" and at the same price. "Well, it won many academic awards, many people really loved it" as anyone can say in their defense. Well, many people like Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that doesn't mean it's high quality. Yes, millions of Elvis fans may be wrong. <br /> <br /> I am the first to admit that the part of the problem for me was mega-hype over the movie. I waited a month or so to see it, and in the end it did not live up to the expectations set on what just called for more attention to the horrible stupid love story. It is true, "Phantom Menace" is likely to suffer a similar fate. but. <br /> <br /> James Cameron's "Titanic" is. a) A cheesy action flick thinly disguised as a serious period piece. b) a three-hour epoch that has its finest moments given away in the trailer. c) a luscious love story outside of faith or entertainment. d) Something improved on documentaries, which I would have liked much more. e) an arrogance movie that lives up to the level demonstrated by the real ship. f) a 3-hour robbery that I will never return, therefore the greatest motivation for a time machine I can think of. When I meet someone who hasn't seen it yet, I say, "I wish I could shop with you." g) A blow to the face of a true hypothermia victim. How long do we have to believe that people can be immersed in freezing cold water and still make understandable sentences? h) Fortunately, a film that was not recognized for any acting performances on the Oscar. i) a technological achievement in filmmaking and a little bit more. The only reason I post this as an anonymous comment, I am not happy that 10,000 thirteen-year-old Leonardo DiCaprio fans who have no doubt come to his defense and I am not really interested in hearing a defense of Titanic's history, action or length.
