The tragedy of the convicted ship Titanic has inspired many books and films. The struggle between nature and technology always captured human imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic was written and directed by the famous action movie player James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from various backgrounds (one is a Hobo artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how their love triumphs over social barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship that they happen to be by. <br /> <br /> First of all, even though you used a historical name, this movie had little regard for history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, French diamonds and treasure hunters. Deaths over a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of their time became a pure background. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship, which was only 5 miles away from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue because the captain failed to identify the emergency signal? Omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the intention of tasting this historic disaster with fictitious cheesy romance when the story is already as sad as it is. The overall plot was quite low; Rich in greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money corrupts. There was absolutely no human side shown in anti-heroes. It looked like Billy Zane played part of the devil. Casting was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear she was his child seat. The length of the film was stretched unnecessarily for over 3 hours. The first hour and half were wasted on establishing the relationship between the characters known to the public long before they went to the theater, and the dialogue used to do so made it even worse. Hearing corny pick up lines like "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship" generated more pain than the scream of drowning people. Also, the jokes were too abundant and rather paralyzed. <br /> <br /> "The Titanic" involved some moving scenes as the part the musicians played while the ship was sinking, but they were no way near anything original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserved a price. Although this film lacked artistic value in the general sense, the public could not resist a sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and then the film became a success. Now it is safe to say that the industry will be less reluctant to invest large amounts of money on a single movie, so it seems that "Titanic" nevertheless achieved something.
