The ELEPHANT WALK was a thoroughly boring movie, and I was really happy when a large bunch of elephants rushed through the mansion and finished this movie. Considering the money and the cast, you will surely expect the movie to be much better, though I also question the odd casting of Dana Andrews as a man in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I just can't see the couple as a couple. Perhaps some of this may be to replace Miss Taylor for Vivian Leigh at the last minute (because of Miss Leigh's worsening mental state) - though I also have difficulty visualizing Andrews and Leigh as well. In addition, Miss Taylor for an English woman does not even try to use an accent. The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor, who meet and marry in England. Their plan is to return to Finch's tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and initially it looks like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and the household staff seems to offend her. In addition, Finch once behaves from home, as a boorish jerk and Taylor is miserable. Neighbor Andrews can see this and he declares his endless passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to give up her marriage. But during the film, Finch Liz treats more and more like an object, and finally she is ready to leave ... When it comes out of the blue, Cholera hits the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - but at that time I didn't really care, as there is no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring, and you can't understand why Taylor doesn't left his ram man within days after arriving in this eerie hell. <br /> <br /> The movie is not very engaging or compelling, and despite a decent budget of Paramount, the movie is a sad mess. I was especially surprised that even though the film seemed to be filmed on the spot, many scenes were clearly filmed in a studio with a backward project (and grainy) shot that wasn't well integrated. For example, on a scene, Taylor, Finch and the party on the porch, and the grass is bright green. So when the picture cuts to people dancing right in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are not really in Ceylon in this scene or stage with the giant traveled Buddha. My advice is to skip this or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's just not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, Miss Taylor could have been pregnant during part of this movie? In some scenes (especially in the beginning) she has nice clothes, has a double chin and looks soft. This is not a criticism - women become pregnant after all! But if you look carefully, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> By the way, the basic plot is in many ways similar to GIANT - a really good Taylor movie! It's great how casting and decent direction can do so much.
