After accusing the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Attorney Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, was assigned the task of returning the murderer to Italy. On the way, however, the plane has been switched to Malta. Not long after landing, the killer escapes. Now, and with little help from the Maltese police, Deputy Sheron Geronimo is unable to resume a murderer. But will his "shoot first, take names later" brand of Texas justice work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me get it right in front, I've seen Final Justice both with and without the Mystery Science Theater 3000 comment. I've seen the scenes that were cut that help make the movie a more coherent whole. And I've seen the cut-up TV version used for MST3K. That said, I must admit that I much prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is a miserable movie. MST3K comment helps make it much more tasty. On its own, it's a real snoozer of an action movie with corny dialogue (often supplied with such thick Italian accents that it's impossible to understand), bad acting, weak direction, gigantic plot holes and most other things you find in a bad movie. And if most of Final Justice wasn't "so bad, it's good", it would be a terribly boring movie on top of everything else. So yes, I often enjoy the very funny MST3K commentary on the bad movie alone. <br /> <br /> My main points with the MST3K comment, however, and with most of the reviews I read about Final Justice, include criticism of Joe Don Baker. In fact, the biggest weaknesses in Baker's performance have nothing to do with his size or the wardrobe's choice of character or any of the other jokes thrown in his direction. Instead, I think much of it has to do with the poor decision to throw him in the first place. Joe Don Baker has always hit me as a decent enough actor, but he is not the kind of guy I would call an "action hero" of any kind of imagination. He's more of a sidekick, as he demonstrated with solid performances in a pair of James Bond movies. Or if you really want to blame someone for the problems of Final Justice, point your finger at director Greydon Clark. Clark's resumption cannot begin to be compared to Baker's. Then I say, "Put Joe Don Baker!"
