Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a pudgy, sweaty murderous oaf in a stupid cowboy suit that Roy Rogers would have laughed at. Somehow, he still has a mark, probably because he lives in Texas, and they want to be something law enforcement there. <br /> <br /> This cool loser is a deputy sheriff near the Texas border. Not surprisingly, he was once a Texas Ranger, but was kicked out because he seemed to believe that the law was his own personal jumping ball to play at his own discretion. This includes firearms that are across the international border with Mexico, launching suspects, cheating in gunfights, threatening women, starting war floats that could have been avoided and led to have a child's life threatened in the process and let women promise that he would help and protect being killed just because he could get out of prison etc. This guy makes the LA police look like saints in comparison. <br /> <br /> When his partner is killed by a couple of migrating Italian killers, Joe Don's character chases them down and kills one of them. Then he takes the other to Italy on behalf of a Mr. Wilson, rightly thinks Joe Don will turn up the big time. In record time, he loses the Italian and gets a Maltese cabby blown in the process. This is just the first of the many deaths and greater destruction left by Joe Don in a track behind him as he crosses Malta looking for Palermo (the Italian assassin). Thus, the mobius streak of the movie begins, where our hero is arrested, presented by the Maltese police officer, goes out and causes more problems, is arrested, is lectured by the police officer ... and so on and so on. Until you blow your brains out with Joe Don's ivory-handled gun and horrified. Joe Don proves his uselessness not only in the first time that Palermo escapes, but in the subsequent boat hunt in which he goes down in just one stroke. Then he is taken by Palermo after he threatens a woman with a coat hanger. You hope that Palermo will actually torture him in the cellar cell he's put in, but not the stripper he threatened came and got him out because he promised to protect her. Her neck is quickly cut (big surprise) and Joe Don escapes in the night. And here you hope he may have been drowned in (another) boat hunting. But even if the sea does not want him and spits him up on a beach where he is sick of a poor Maltese family (what did they ever do to deserve it?) He returns to the city where he is arrested by the police, lectured by police officer ... arrrgghhh! The female police officer escorted him frees him so they can get Palermo. Why she would do something so brain dead as destroying her career for this great slob is beyond me. It's just head scary advisory. <br /> <br /> They go out to the villa where Palermo hides and starts shooting. Joe Don blithely cheats and kills Palermo. He then broadcasts the big and dazzling final line of the movie: "The Great Has My Emblem. Can you get it to me?" Thank you for the immortal line, Mr Baker. It will go down in the annals of movie history as the most literary, amazing, wonderful last line ever spoken by a character in a movie. It certainly falls in line with everything else about the sign. Bravo.
