Humane pot roast Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) stars in this boring, inappropriate `action 'movie as Deputy Geronimo, a bold, gassy slob sitting in a stupid leader cowboy suit, listening to country music and eating too many donuts. Meanwhile, a vaguely criminal guy named Palermo (played by the guy who owned the drill in Fulci's HELLES OF HELL) stumbled into Joe Don's territory and shot the sheriff in a poorly edited scene. Joe Donley - gives chase and offs Palermo brother after pronouncing his now legendary catch phrase 'It's Your Movement. Do you think you can take me? Well, continue with '. For some reason, Joe Don, a Texas lawyer, has to transport Palermo to Italy ("Mr. Palermo has been a great source of embarrassment to the Italian government," said Wilson, another vague person played by Bill McKinney , which was in MASTER NINJA 1, SHE FREAK, and many good Clint Eastwood movies). <br /> <br /> Anyway, Joe Don's plan will land on the island of Malta, where Palermo escapes with a folder and a guy similar to Jon Lovitz. And this is where the film stops. For the rest of the movie, Joe Don looks out to Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, shouts at the police chief of police, and then escapes with a warning of no longer looking at Palermo. Then Joe Don keeps looking for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, shouted by the police chief of police, and then released a warning not to look more at Palermo. So Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by police chief of police, and then a warning not to look for Palermo is released. This is an aggravating film. <br /> <br /> At one point, Joe Don is considered dead at sea. All the other characters wonder whether he is dead or not, finally to conclude that he is. But then he turns out (he was rescued by a poor family), and no one mentions the fact that he was missing at sea for several days. Even his sweet Julia Louise-Dreyfuss-esque sidekick does not welcome him back. However, she offers to help him find Palermo, so Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is called by the police chief of police, and then goes off with a warning not to search for Palermo anymore. <br /> <br /> Highpoints include a bizarre carnival with strange colorful floats, some sexy strippers, a shoot out with a child dressed as Napoleon and a carriage with tomatoes, a hunting scene involving a guy dressed as a monk and every scene without Joe Don. Lowpoints include Joe Don, who threatens a stripper with a coat hanger. It should be noted that this is from Greydon Clark, director of ANGEL'S REVENGE, which appears as the sheriff. Ick! <br /> <br />
