Witty. Quirky. Genuine. Surreal. Butterfly wings? One might ask what all these words best describe, and some (those in security with the international film community) can quickly say Event, but others can jump on board the more American train and immediately shout, The Butterfly Effect. Strangely, I would be one of those screaming for the sci-fi Kutcher movie, mostly because none of the words that I originally mentioned at the beginning of this section show exactly the Tautou function as I experienced. Sure we all loved her in Amelie and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci Code, but in this movie first-time director (at least a feature film), Laurent Firode doesn't give Tautou the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, he does not allow anyone to really demonstrate himself because he is too delicately caught in the immediate chance of bringing this movie to nothing but a shimmer (never a sand forest). Firode is abundant, and I use "ample" as a small word, moments throughout this film, where he could have built us a great story, a really spinning adventure of love and coincidence, but instead he first fell into a mud-cap of chaotic blend that overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that left us gasping for less. <br /> <br /> Tautous's beautiful face adorns the cover of this box, but don't be as straightforward as I did in the case that this would be another monumental journey into the Tautou French cinema. Tautou is in this movie, do not despair, but you could argue that she is not in the middle of this story. Firode's job is to create a series of random events that will ultimately lead to an audience-friendly (albeit confusing) end that exemplifies the meaning of refreshing "melodrama". He completely fails completely. Firode fails to give us, the audience, too many characters. With too many signs he gives us many random interventions, and ultimately you don't really worry who is who or what is or what is it; Their main focus is to be centered exclusively on the final credits and the time of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this movie from the disaster, it was if Firode would only have given her the center. Unfortunately, he did not, but attempted to force a group of 12 through a theoretical film hole around the size of an ear. It just didn't work and we were left with a jam, where we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because he focuses so much on the minor details that, for one of the rare movie events, he actually forgets the central focus. I can say that there was no defined central focus on Happenstance. In the beginning, he tries to create one with our two supposed protagonists who discover that they share the same birthday, and their horoscope lifts love by the moonlight, but we never go back to it throughout the film. Instead, we are bombarded with new characters, precise scenes and meaningless drift, obviously chosen to lead us away from a real story and more to a world full of "ifs, ands and buts". I couldn't do it. I couldn't believe this movie. Writer Firode (yes, the same guy leads this waste) uses a technique that is so primitive in this movie that I immediately felt like quitting it right away. He must have assumed that many of us were unable to actually follow the story (or the scientific premise) because he seized the help of a homeless person to actually fill in the respective topics. I did not need this, nor do I think Firode should detract from his audience in this matter. While there were other items that just didn't seem to work for me at all (again, felt like a jumbled Parisian shredded paper collage), this was the icing on the cake. I don't need my hand held through movies. <br /> <br /> I want to give this movie a star for credit. This is a rather difficult genre to master success. Time travel is particularly hard because of the countless amounts of possibilities that are never considered, but with Happenstance it works because Firode semi-explores the various roads. While I oppose saying he doesn't do well, it did at least five full minutes of enjoyment. I liked where Firode was coming with this movie, he had a really outlined story, but the final performance just blew this movie into strips. Firode could have saved this movie if he would have strengthened his characters while he eased his premise and history. I think my general mood in this movie would have changed if these two simple directions were taken. Oh, how I only wish I could go back to the production of this movie to show the Firode mistakes in his ways. Overall for the first time (and probably last) this was a Tautou movie which I must say totally disappointed me. From the choppy opening to the apathetic end, I just felt that the incident failed because of Firode's leadership and horrible marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention before, but why should anyone buy this movie and think it was an Amelie 2 (per the title published in Hong Kong) and why would you place Tautou completely on the cover knowing she was at all did not carry this movie. I think that from the first minute that passed on my DVD player, this movie was in shambles. While I would applaud his subject, everything else was far below the level of mediocrity. I can't suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Degree: * Out of *****
