I am an avid fan of violent exploitation cinema who would never attack a movie to be violent or disturbing. I consider the "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and will always defend controversial films like "Day of the Woman" or "Last House to the Left" as true classics. Anyone who permeates my other user comments notes that I'm actually very pro-violence / gore when it comes to movies. However, I believe there should at least be a point on the violence. This piece of crap has no point at all. The first film in the infamous "Guinea Pig" series, "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is very controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing to recommend. I must say that before I saw any of the Guniea-Pig movies, I already had a feeling that I would hate this by knowing what it was about. However, because of its status as one of the most controversial films around, I decided to watch it. I am very happy that I did not waste any money on this pile of crap, and I would certainly wish I had not wasted my time with it. <br /> <br /> This thing is history (I don't even want to call it a 'movie'): It doesn't have one. Three scumbags torture a woman to death for some unpleasant 40 minutes. That is it. There is no artistic value, no shocking story, no excitement; nothing. Just the disbelief that a movie that shows nothing unless a woman is tortured for no reason has a tremendous cult feeling. It's worrying, I'll give it to you. It is of course worrying to see a torture video for 40 minutes. What is more worrying, however, is that many people actually seem to regard this pile of waste as a kind of masterpiece. I really can't figure out why. The fact that the gore effects look realistic cannot be the reason I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all torture. It makes the movie look less realistic, which in this case is a good thing. This is a film that is ill not for its gore, but for its redundancy, its existence alone for the purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since this is 100% false and no one was harmed during production, it is legitimate to make such a film. However, I cannot think of a single reason why anyone would like this, except for the morbid desire to see suffering and the enjoyment of torture. The film's sequel "Flowers of Meat and Blood" became known when actor Charlie Sheen lost it to a real snus movie and informed the FBI. Fortuneately, the film appeared to be false. Overall, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / snus movie that seems to have the sole purpose of looking as close to a real snus movie as possible. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst movies I have ever had the accident of passing through. Don't torture yourself by giving this shot an attempt at its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I wish there was a negative scale to properly assess this pile of crap.
