I'm seriously looking forward to seeing this movie because it seemed really promising from the upcoming attractions: Jim Carrey with divine powers was an idea that certainly worked for me. As a big fan, I was sure he would be superior in his element with such a promising premise and what could go wrong? Yesterday, my bubble was blown out in great time, boys and girls because I saw the movie. <br /> <br /> The first act (where it is created that he hates his life, he is a disgruntled employee and a great unhappy camper with an ax to paint against God) is serviceable, the other act (where he is summoned by God by phone and receives Powers Almighty) is amazing - Carrey is having fun with his new 'toys' and it is a pleasure to see real fun. But the third act is miserable beyond belief. The root begins to set after the evening scene between Bruce and his girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston, who comes out mostly good in this movie, as she is only a plot unit, even her NAME series of blur) - she thinks He is going to blow up the question, but instead he tells her (on the knee knees yet) that he finally gets his news anchor job, and isn't it that exciting? <br /> <br /> She doesn't think so. She wants him to marry her, see so she gets up leaving him, see, even though she still loves him a lot, see, and the rest of the movie is used to hit us over with a pathetic, handed in spiritual-complaining cliché next, until I finally prayed too. . . To be over <br /> <br /> I didn't mind the lack of subtlety in the first two actions (an example - in the second act, after he gets his strength, Bruce welcomes himself into the room and singing "What if God was one of us, just a slob as one of us", and I was even willing to overlook the amazing amount of contradictions that were struck by us (for openers, Morgan Freeman - a / k / a GOD - tells Bruce he can't offend everyone's free will, but he does it a lot. These choices were forgiven - this is a Jim Carrey comedy directed by Tom Shadyac - it's not the rest of the day. <br /> <br "Or it was better to be a comedy. When the screenwriters lose it (in the dreaded act 3) and try to make the case a kind of (gag) Message Movie, what we get instead is fucked on the ground. Bruce realizes the mistake of His selfish ways, he realizes that GRACE is his saving - have to say it - grace, and that his p. riorities in life had been seriously misunderstood. All this could have been conveyed in a much less heavy way, though. The film did not have to go into the dumper to do these points. Unfortunately, the authors and Shadyac apparently had no idea how to solve the story in any kind of clever, easy-going way so they walked over the head in the hope that we wouldn't notice. They even tackled some surprisingly unfunny out-take at the end, in the further hope that this would reduce the bad taste. It didn't work for me.
