Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most gifted comedians in movies today. With his hyperactive spontaneity and his rubber surface he can just be crazy and we love him for it. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (ala Ace Ventura), and turn them into decent comic excursions. Or, in the case of 'Liar Liar', make them some of the most hilarious contemporary comedies around. Carrey has also proven herself capable of tackling dramas. He was excellent in both 'Man on the Moon' and 'The Truman Show'. The guy is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Then comes 'Bruce Almighty', an ideal vehicle for Carrey, and a premise that should have worked; Carrey, after complaining about God and how his life sucks, is activated with God's power. But the script is purely recyclable waste. Now, no matter how bad a script is, Carrey improvisation alone sometimes makes an unfunny scene fun. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey to be released, because so much of the comedy is dependent on stupid special effects, only some of which are entertaining. Carrey can rarely improvise because he has to work around special effects. The authors apparently seemed to be all these special effects and superpower sequences, because the rest of the movie is simply filler that gives Carrey nothing else to work with beyond a whiny character who is completely humorous. He seems more like a 5 year longing for our attention because he wants to see what he's doing when it is really annoying. <br /> <br /> I've always enjoyed Jennifer Aniston's "Friends" and she was great in last year's "The Good Girl". She also has a gift for comedy, but with the script as linear as she is simply given the bitter girlfriend. She comes across grilling, grumpy, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. "Bruce Almighty" should have been a comedy that works. But it doesn't even have the courage to tackle the issue it makes fun of; religion. A few less giggles (his internet is Yehweh), but instead it's just become a comic superpower comedy. Not to mention that it is tone shift from stupid to heavy-handed, and even black comedy at times. The film fails at almost every level. It's not to see it's totally devoid of laughs, but it's close. Any movie that feels the need to incorporate scenes of a dog looking to make it laugh has problems. But hey, if you find piste jokes fun, go for it. <br /> <br />
