When I read the summary of the movie, something like what happens when a man gets the power of God and how he later learns to have supernatural powers requires great responsibility and strength, even though it was wise and original concept. Casting was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can movies with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost of the movie, be bad? It may. The idea is good, but the writing itself and the story are horrible. Bruce Nolan is, let's be honest, a pretty mediocre journalist, with not even big stories (like a story of a giant cookie, what a faux pas and the Niagara report is utter failure!), He is a man with a job he is totally DESERVES (he is not a good journalist, he is a comedian), considering his potentials, with a good home, sugar sweet girlfriend and OH HORROR !!!! Dog not trained at home !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce at the beginning of the movie begins to approach GOD in a "God, why do you hate me!" way, the average viewer must think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not and definitely not the man with real problems in life. Most of the problems with him are smaller and not really worthwhile for all the hassle he does, and some of them are really just the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems, aware, most are more aware that Bruce, who doesn't seem to be human, doesn't look so realistic, too greasy and neurotic, but God still addresses him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks good like a God, I can only help ask what he's doing in this very bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his strength? God in this movie could just as easily give his strength to a 5 year old child and there would hardly be any difference. No, wait, a smart kid will probably use his god powers better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Pull the moon closer to the ground to create a romantic atmosphere, share the red soup, lift a beautiful woman's dress on the street, answer beans via email and make them all come true! No more, Bruce, thank you! What Bruce did could actually end the world, but in the movie, it doesn't happen because it's "lovely, family, little movie" and doesn't make any sense at all !!! Not a hint of sarcasm, of real humor, of wittiness, of some dirty humor at least !!! Nothing. Just Carrey plays stupidly, starting to look pathetic on the medieval actress. Aniston here is undervalued. She plays the pale and undeveloped character of Bruce's boyfriend Grace, and remains completely forgettable in this movie. No one in the right mind would believe that these two have any chemistry at all between them. When Grace says prayer to Bruce, it doesn't just sound lame and pathetic, but completely false. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt that movies deserve one. Poor script, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, wittiness and any sophistication, as well as undeveloped characters and underestimated Freeman's and Aniston's roles, total lack of courage and sarcasm, all make movies hardly worth it. But ok, there were few fun moments, and Freeman is always nice to see in any movie, so let's leave three stars.
