I watched this movie in its premiere week in 1975. I was 13 years old and at that time I found it enough and a little fun. Then I came to discover Words of Doc Savage through the Bantam short stories in the ancient magazine stories. I had no idea of ​​any of Rome's kingdom, but I quickly became one of the most avid Doc Savage fans you could ever meet. I read (and still owns) all of the Bantam books, I started on comics (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all kinds of geeky fat kid events) and had a wonderful time with every adventure I took with Doc and ORIGINAL Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's Book - The Apocalyptic Life of Doc Savage became a bit of a Bible to me, and to this day I have very loving feelings about my Doc phase. That said, I must admit now years later that this movie really missed the boat. It's a movie that didn't know what it would be when it grew up. The play was infantile and bore little resemblance to the massory. These stories from the 30s were short, and if you looked at Lester Dents (AKA Kenneth Robeson) outline to write them, they broke down into PERFECT 3 plays screaming for screen processing. One would have thought that with George Pal and Michael Anderson at the helm would have been better. The spoof elements miss the target, and the more serious moments come almost there, but then fall. It is interesting to watch as they hired double-stranded actors (guys who had only been small players and extras before this movie), who all released very well. Of course, Paul Gleason has gone on to be a nice utility player in all aspects of entertainment and Bill Lucking is a TV multi-year. The rest is unfortunately dropped from the card. I want to own a copy of this movie as it is the only movie version of my hero, but I fear I will not see it much because it is too painful. I want to say 0, but I give it 2 out of 10 instead of some of the art's art direction (Doc's answering machine at the end was a good touch) and cast by 3 stingers for a moment in the sun.
