I dug this out and saw it tonight. I honestly think it must be 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember it was a serious movie. I can't remember it's so bad !!!!! I am totally appalled that a project with this great potential should have been mistreated so reprehensibly. Who should I blame for this? The 2 guys who wrote (and I use the word solved) the script? The castors, who strangely mistaken at least three main characters in history? (Only 2 of them are among the "amazing 5".) The director who clearly refused to take it seriously, and continued to shoot horrible music beyond bad writing and poor performance everywhere? (I LIKED the theme song - but it should never have been used all the way through the whole movie!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED by some of the lyrics he wrote to that music? <br /> <br /> It shows that I should pull this out less than a week after reading the cartoon adaptation again. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie more or less (really, less) in parallel to the first edition of the comic. As I saw it tonight, I wondered - why was almost every detail changed? Doc shows up, then uses his remote control for remote control to open the security, and the sniper's bullet misses him with 5 inches because the break glass was just about the only things left. I mean, if you want to make an "adaptation" why in God's name change EVERYTHING ??? <br/> <br /> When they leave Docs HQ, it's almost nothing like it was in the comic book (as given by Roy Thomas, I'm probably counting on the book). I read somewhere they actually combined elements of 2 different novels in a movie. Again - why I heard it was changed because they couldn't secure the kind of budget they wanted. I look at the movie and think ... NON-MONEY in no way explains what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> You know that when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should really look at this thing. The best thing I can say is, I think it would make a great double function with the 1966 BATMAN feature - and yet another big triple-bill with it and 1980's FLASH GORDON. All 3 movies are "stupid". Maybe we can "blame" 1966 movies (and the TV series) for this. Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's Batman destroyed the image of comics in the genes of non-comics fans. I think the same could be said for Hollywood. I am reminded of how many truly, truly BAD movies based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70s and early 80s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger - all "murdered" by Hollywood types who think "OH, comics! So you know it should be STUPID!" More like they are the "stupid" ones. What a waste of potential. Let me say some good things ... Despite the script and director, Ron Ely is great. When I read a DOC SAVAGE story, I'm not thinking of the James Bama paintings I think of Ely. Bill Lucking (who was later regular on A-TEAM) is fantastic. Eldon Quick (which I've seen elsewhere but can't remember where) is amazing. Paul Gleason - whom I absolutely HATE with a passion and revenge in BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" like the one he played should be banned from ever teaching anywhere) can be the best of the "amazing 5" in the movie. Pamela Hensley - although her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story - is amazing. Before she let down her hair, I also realized that she saw a HELL much like "Ardala Valmar" from the horrible John Calkins BUCK ROGERS stripes I just read the other day. She has a big nose like Ardala - not quite as pronounced. The comics Ardala actually looked more like the 1936 movie Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your pick. (Ardala actually got plastic surgery in the George Tuska strips - after she was amazing!) Paul Wexler, funny enough, I just saw last week in a GET SMART episode. I wonder if he was something like the character he was going to play? I do not know because the character certainly was not in the movie, the film takes its title off.
