After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days in Nixon and Jimmy Carter eras what the world needed, a good old-fashioned chapel hero took on poisonous snakes and males in America in 1936 or the jungles of South America in a series of amazing cliffhanging adventures. Unfortunately what it was in 1975 was Doc Savage, The Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best thing to say about the legendary producer George Pals' final film is that his often beautifully designed, but unfortunately flat adaptation of Kenneth Robesons paper trays has probably George Lucas and Phil Kaufman left the theater and say to each other: "We can do better than that, "and adds a bullwhip, a mistreated Fedora and some needed sign errors to the mix. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways even harder to write than Superman ?? explores, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the bronze bleach-soft muscle-bound body of a Greek god (or rather the TV-form Tarzan, Ron Ely, a rather boring Charlton Heston clone here), there is simply nothing he cannot and more harmful nothing that can hurt him. The man is the virtual incarnation of Hitler's Aryan ubermensch (no surprise that the DVD is only available in Germany!), Albeit with all American values. And just if there ever was something he overlooked (not that ever), he doesn't have one, but five sidekicks in his affiliation, the (less than) Fabulous Five. A pharmacist, an electrician and even an archaeologist I can accept, and in a while I can even go as far as seeing the possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero is a criminal lawyer with him on his adventures? In fact, Doc's heart was probably added, because the hero was so badly harmless and virtually perfect in every way ?? even Kryptonite would not put a bump in him - there should be somebody in danger in the stories, but with the exception of Paul Gleason, they are all so terribly badly thrown and overplayed (like most parts of the movie) d fortunately kill them all during opening titles. The bad guys don't go any better, with Paul Wexler radiating the entire fate of a geography teacher like Captain Seas, Scott Walker (no one else) who delivers one of the cinema's worst accents (is supposed to be Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani or nationality no one has ever heard of?) While Robyn Hilton Marilyn Monroe-ish dumb blonde minor gives Paris (no relation) a race for her money in the unspecific bimbo stakes. <br /> <br /> Even with these disadvantages, this should have been much better than considering the various ingredients ?? lost tribes, a pool of gold, a dog bite with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes alive, all wrapped in an attempt to discover why Doc's father was murdered. Unfortunately, it is a matter of tone: in the 60s and 70s, the superheroes did not have broken characters that were prone to state-of-the-art action scenes and special effects, but were treated like some comical characters of the low-budget camp fun with action scenes quickly knocked on it cheap almost as an afterthought, the films aimed solely at the matinee market: you know, for children. There have long been rumors that the original cut was more straightforward? and certainly much of the rental value has been added in the post-production, be it Colgate twinkle in Doc's eye, the comic captions identifying various combat styles in the final dust-up with Captain Seas or Don Black's gung-ho lyrics to John Philip Sousas patriotic marches ?? but there was enough in the movie to begin with. It's hard to see how one of the villains, who make phone calls from a gigantic rocking crib, was ever thought of as something other than a joke falling flat while Doc's explanation for Pamela Hensley on why he never goes out that girls could be a scene written for Adam West's Batman. Instead, the funniest moments are usually only unintentional, such as Doc, showing his sixth sense by bubbling his Adam's apple. Perhaps an even bigger problem is that the action is promising on paper. Handled in almost relentless ways, it must be to hunt a native assassin on the rooftops of New York skyscrapers or escape from a yacht full of bad guys. Even the winning notion of animated, glowing green snakes that roam through the air as they poison their victims, fails to increase the enthusiasm of director Michael Anderson: To have demonstrated their own innocence a few scenes earlier, Doc manages to send them with no more than a chair and an electric fan simply pulling the curtains on them. Moreover, besides Dok's various vehicles, all are stamped with their logo and see more molded plastic than bronze, the production is often pretty nice, although it is clearly LA stands for New York, while Fred Koenekamp's film film ensures that the film often sees good despite the low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that doesn't spend most of its time on a story of origin, even if one is left with the suspicion that Doc was leaping full from Zeus's self-relatives. <br /> <br /> It's a movie, I really like to like more, but it just feels like 100 minute lost opportunities. No wonder, Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, the successor so optimally promised in the end credits, never happened.
