There is nothing amazing about 'The Amazing Mr Williams'. Part of the film's problem is its main role Melvyn Douglas. He was a miserable actor and lazy with it. For most of his career, he got his good looks, a slick way and (usually, but not in this movie) some fine manuscript to make up for his inability to act. I didn't like Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him as a person; I have learned enough about him to know that I also despise his policy. I give Melvyn Douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes produced the incredibly talented and sexy actor Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this movie right after the brilliant 'Ninotchka' ... talk about one came down! 'The Amazing Mr Williams' is supposedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a plainclothes detective on the homicide team, named Kenny Williams. I never heard of a police specialist named Kenny, but if they called him Kenneth Williams ... well what a continuation. The whole city is in a panic because a serial killer is killing women. No motive is given for this; He just likes killing women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the rug to cater for his inability to catch the killer. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS USE. The cheap, vulgar, untalented and unattractive Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (She doesn't sound easier enough to write a letter, much smaller one.) Blondell and Douglas squabble like a cat and a dog, so it's obviously obvious that they're going to end up together. <br /> <br /> At this film's lowest point, Melvyn Douglas decides to draw the killer by dressing as a woman. You don't want to see Melvyn Douglas in a row! He's well over six feet and he doesn't even distinguish the annoying mustache. The same "tashed William Powell" was an actor very similar to Melvyn Douglas (but more talented). When Powell pampered herself as a woman in 'Love Crazy', he had the integrity to shave his mustache: a true victim, Powell needed to grow again for his next role. But Melvyn Douglas brings nothing to his role in this movie, not even a shaver. He plays his trekking scenes with the same annoying smirk he used throughout his career. <br /> <br /> On the plus side, 'The Amazing Mr Williams' has some of the great supporting players who made Hollywood's 30s movies so lovely. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, touching and fun as a criminal who gets an unlikely surprise from his way of life. The dyspeptic Donald MacBride is fine as a policeman who gets wrong for the killer and is almost lynched by a mob. Ruth Donnelly is amazing: as usual for her, but here she gets a chance to show off her talents away from her usual course at Warner Brothers backlot. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and the grinning Dave Willock are all fine in small roles. Barbara Pepper (who I usually don't like) is also good here. The grossly unpleasant Maude Eburne gets some screen time; I always loathe her and she gives the same performance in every movie ... but some audiences enjoy Eburne's single note performance a lot, for reasons I can't understand. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with the Hollywood character actors of the 1930s, and the roles they used to play, a glance at the IMDb cast list will tell you who the killer is. That's the problem with 'The Amazing Mr Wiliams': everything is too obvious. I rate this movie 2 points out of 10.
