Even if you're a big Sandler fan, don't bother with this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming it should be at least half decent as my husband Sandler is in it and because I assumed some women would be getting rid of (judging by R rating and tailor-made women on the cover) . Well, there are a lot of tailor-made women, but nobody gets naked. I'm not sure which point this was in Sandler's career, but I guess it was just before his SNL days. I can be wrong. It's like watching one of his home movies. He can look back on a cheesy movie like this and recalls the good ol times ... but we (the audience) are allowed to dry. This is hardly a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot with the camera and even admits at one point that this is "no budget" movie (that's right, not a low budget movie, a NO budget film). So our job is pretty much laughing at the crooked figures. There is no stable plot, it's like an extended sketch comedy show - but a raw and poorly written. The guy who played the unpleasant comedian was quite annoying and it was impeccable for him to receive such a large audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying one classic Henny Youngman line "Take my wife, thank you," and the audience is on the floor? I'm not even trying to make any logic here. Sure, Sandler's current and latest movie is not known for giving a lot of meaning (the penguin in "Billy Madison", the midget of "Happy Gilmore's Happy Place"), but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateur work, and even if you are curious about Adam's early days in film - you still won't be interested. You are better off checking out his start on SNL or perhaps his underrated role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, Sandman is not the only actor to be wasted in this no-go vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a short appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and the great Burt Young (from the "Rocky" movies) plays an important role. <br /> <br /> This awful comedy will most likely gather dust on the 99th rental section of your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
