Hollywood has now officially gone too far, and I really hope this travesty of a movie image creates a real setback against their crap machines, despite the fact that the good cash registers are returning. If you are an industrial person reading our comments looking for tips on what to do next, stop. Stop doing our TV shows in these repulsive, stupid, money-wasting waste of time-playing games. By doing so, you prove one thing: Hollywood is out of ideas, and watching the movies they crawl out only maintains the cycle of disgust. What's next - You want to go and destroy Bionic Man ?? <br /> <br /> The movie is just plain wrong and manages to get the most stupid, simple fact of the show completely wrong by forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat & John Schneider's Bo & Luke Duke were * REFORMED * moonshiners . They had been busted, taught their lesson, walked straight and were there to help people and be good neighbors who just happened to shoot dynamite piped arrows from hunting arcs and run like Steve McQueen. Denver Pyle's uncle Jessie was also the family's moral center and always insisted that the boys do well, even at their own expense or embarrassment, while making sandwiches and coffee when they were made. They always did the right thing and had some kind of serious naïve about those who were quite appealing. We wanted to be more like them than we were, sorta. My favorite gimmick from the show was how they always bowed their seat belts before they roared, which apparently was too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> By transforming the Duke family into a package of leeks, wisecracking, criminally minded, redneck baiting, misogynistic losers, the movie has no moral stance where the show was about how honest or indestructible the dukes were - Should the Duchess's boys in this movie suppose to come out as good guys? I wanted to beat them both in the nose. They seem to have a lot of free time on their hands, which can be used to make pamphlets back on the farm and end up pursuing less than noble ends if they don't work like a couple of 14 year old boys who haven't grown up. There should be no marijuana use, no gawking on pants, nubile coeds & their breasts, no shenanigans involving the brothers in da Hood. Everything looks like the work of a marketing consultant who took a vote at the mall of which 14 year old boys would like to watch movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys may not be able to remember the show, nor should IMHO see this movie, and the parents who may feel nostalgia for the show will be disgusted with what the authors, director and producers did to our collective memories just to share from our money, which is exactly how I feel. What did they think ??? <br /> <br /> And they did * never * get Daisy wrong. Jessica Simpson all dolled up as a Pamela Anderson mall blunt may be the only reason anyone can see this disgrace, but you can service your needs just fine to download some promotional stills of her, print them and attach them to the wall of a the toilet. She's hardly in the movie at all (which is the movie's only saving grace), and the ten minutes or so they used her were still too big. Catherine Bach's Daisy may have had the same kind of shorts and long legs that make people feel funny, just look at her, but the daisy she played was a * PERSON *. Pratfalls she evoked by simply being as she was had an almost natural ring to it. She is still one of the most outrageously sexy pop culture icons ever created, but there was someone at home. And most importantly, she was a sweet, caring person who couldn't help it if the boys went off Ga over her. <br /> On the other hand, Jessica Simpson seems fake, constructed, composed, costumed, posed, secluded, bored, out of place, and I don't think she even looks so good in the outfit. She does not look like a person, but a plot unit, faced with an appointment with someone representing her agent. Mrs Simpson would be well advised to burn that person immediately and pretend it had never happened. No matter what the joke was, she's not in it and widely used for T&A. If that's all she wants from her career, the executive successor produces at least, to only secure enough screen time at least because this effort was just pathetic. The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and one Slurpee to go, you can download one from Warner Bros. excellent box sets of the original shows on DVD and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the movie is that it is the future of use as an interrogation tool on Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of this & they will sing a choir. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean it. AND STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THE BIONIC MAN YOU ARE ABOUTING.
