In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​cousin Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) moonshine made by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) while avoiding the municipality, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their troubles with the boss only begin when they learn that he has planned to strip my city for valuable ores below it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen the TV show and after watching the movie, I'm not going to start any time soon. I like stupid comedies, but this didn't make many laughs. It was a beautifully boring picture where the first hour was really hard to sit through. The second part was a little better, but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The film focused on Bo and Luke far too much. The characters in general were not very interesting, and the actors who portrayed them did nothing really good. <br /> <br /> The action wasn't very good. I didn't expect to be good at first, but none of the managers was very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both give below average performances. The latter was pretty good as Stifler, but he tries too hard here. The latter just seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting or is she really known for her song. She is famous for having her own reality show and for saying really stupid things. She is beautiful, but she is a weak actor. It doesn't matter, though she doesn't really appear in the movie, and the character she plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also has a minor role, and he does nothing special. The screen is written by John O'Brien, and he made two films prior to Hukard's Dukes. The first one was cradle to the grave, which was okay. The other was Starsky and Hutch, who were pretty funny. However, he does not do well here as the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would have made this movie work better. The film is also quite long after a comedy. Okay, 106 minutes is not that long, but it feels so much longer because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think that comedies must be kept short, otherwise they have to find a lot of material to cover all the time. Hazzard's Dukes hardly have fun gags to keep it for 30 minutes or even 106 minutes. The car's sequences were average and they do not store an already troubled movie. Eventually, Hicks canvas appeals to a few people, but most will probably find it boring, and it is better if you just skip it. Rating 4/10
