Movie shows of old TV shows seem to be the norm in Hollywood these days, but this disrespectful, toilet humor, do-you-kiss-your-mother-with-the-mouth foul language, rip-off is a blatant middle finger to everyone Dukes of Hazzard fans both north and south of the Mason-Dixon Line. From the opening of Bo and Luke Duke made a moonshine race for Uncle Jesse (no shine runs in the show because it would put the boys back in jail as a parole violation) to the final order of Uncle Jesse smoking grass with the governor of Georgia ( Uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his former monshine ways. This disappointing waste of film is an open to insult. I can't tell you how many parents I saw, get up and remove their children from the theater within the first 15 minutes of the movie, when they realized they had been terribly deceived. The original Duke of Hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. The original Duke of Hazzard was a child safe, Hemi powered, show of fun that parents didn't have to worry about teaching their children George Carlin's seven words. I've read reviews that the show and the movie are nothing more than racist. They commit may be correct about the movie. They commit is totally incorrect about the show. The view, about anything, was about how to get together and be friends with someone. Hollywood has finally come out in the open about their contempt for us, Yankee, Rebel or otherwise, still believing in honor, loyalty, trust, family and doing the right thing, even if it's not popular. Hollywood has finally shrouded its belief that those of us in the heart are stupid, uneducated, beer-rinsing, ghastly mouth, garbage can that will buy any waste they are willing to sell. Prove the Hollywood Elitist that they are wrong. Don't watch this movie. Boycott the sponsors. Fill Warner Bros. email and snail mail boxes with complaints that we do not appreciate them destroy one of the largest T.V. shows all the time. Save your money and buy the DVDs in the original show, but what do you even do ?? Don't watch this movie
