Occasionally in 1998, Saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand new Ninja Turtle's live action series. Of course, being a fan of TMNT back in the day, it obviously reached my interest. So when I started to see the show ... saying I was disappointed with the end result, was an understatement. Some time later (more like recently) I got a chance to see the series again. <br /> <br /> First of all, let's talk about some of the positives. They managed to restore Turtles' lair as it was last seen in the movies, quite well given the limited budget they threw in with this. There is a tendency to be this darker atmosphere as seen in sets and whatnot. And the turtle suits, although not the best piece of doll and what was not, were functional and seemed quite robust for most actions that would follow in the series. People tend to complain about getting rid of Shredder quickly and replacing him with those original villains who could have been easily used in a Power Rangers show. But you can only make Shredder beat so many times before it becomes boring and undermines his worth as a villain ... and moreover, most fans do not recognize or do not remember or just ignore the fact that in the original cartoon, Shredder was offed in the very first problem! Let us not think of the countless resurrections that would follow. So on a personal point of view, I was so happy that they got rid of Shredder because then the expectation would build up to the point where they would eventually bring him back in a later episode. I find out that shredder in small quantities works best, because then his meetings with the turtles are all the more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up with these original villains who, as I said, seemed more suited to a Power Rangers show than a Ninja Turtle show. And with these new magic-wielding generics comes a new female magic-wielding turtle, the infamous Venus De Milo. I'll be honest; I've never been comfortable with her. I'm not against the idea of ​​a woman turtle; I'm right against the idea of ​​someone who uses magic and thus sticks out like a sore view among a clan of ninja turtles that seem somewhat out of their domain. I almost get the impression that this could have been the easy Venus De Milo show that deals with her make-believe enemies, and TMNT is just there to give the star power (or whatever was left in view of the timeframe that became released). Fortunately, they all share the spotlight. <br /> <br /> The next mutation was canned after a season in the air, and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. In view of time and perhaps another season, I really think that this live iteration of TMNT could have been something and maybe got a chance for greatness. But while the idea was sound, the performance was flawless (although there are a few good episodes in this series). As it stands, Next Mutation is one of the oddities in Turtledom that is best buried and forgotten.
