Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, '1909 The Modern Medical Science Diary' to be precise. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of his rejuvenation of living tissue experiments, Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring a shiny rat back to life, confirming that he has succeeded in bringing the dead back to life ... It is now "Three years later" is Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) around Doc's house for dinner. As Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein eats, they talk about Hackenstein's experiments, which Dean Slesinger has always opposed. Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger's lab in his loft where he holds the cut head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) who died in an unfortunate 'accident' and can telepathically speak to him (Christy Botkin apparently gives Sheila's voice). Dr. Hackenstein also shows his Dean Slesinger a shiny chicken that runs around in a cage and explains that with the process he has developed, he will bring Sheila back to life. The dean has some form of seizure and apparently dies. Meanwhile, sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trillion (Catherine Davis Cox) plus their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) run along Hackenstein's house as they crash, seek shelter and help & arrive at Hackenstein's doorstep. Dr. Hackenstein invites the four stranded travelers to stay for the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein visited by two diggers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), delivering a male body when Hackenstein actually needs female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is the genius he decides not to waste the opportunity to have three young beautiful specimens available and begins to "borrow" the bits that he must complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Posted and directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I want to say right now that it is not brilliant of any imagination, but for what it was, I actually liked it. It moves at a reasonable pace, though it tends to pull slightly below the center of things. The script tries to mix slapstick humor as a scene when Dr. Hackenstein tries to keep Melanie back and tries to get the attention of his deaf-bearer Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) by kicking & Hackenstein holding Melanie behind Yolanda's back, which apparently cares for what is happening, with a touch of gore, but I would say that Dr. Hackenstein is more of a comedy than horror in perception and feeling throughout. There are also some sticky puns and sexual insinuation that are always good for a laugh, Dr. Hackenstein to Wendy "would like to see my instruments" as an example. I also thought that the scene, when Mrs Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reports that she lacks daughter of the damned detective Olin (William Schreiner) was a rather entertaining sequence that went round in circles, talked about why he was not looking for them Although he has just been told why the cell does not have a prisoner in it and that if he did not find the cousin not to worry about it. None of it is flat laugh-loud, but I have to admit I found myself smiling occasionally and found the movie as whole to be quiet entertaining. There is not much on the screen, a few cut limbs, Sheila's decapitated head, some medical seams and the shiny animals that are absolutely fake by the way. I liked the characters in Dr. Hackenstein, which was surprising in itself. The action is not brilliant, but to give everyone credit, they put a lot of effort into it, lots of exaggerated facial movements and some serious assaults mean that it is never boring, oh & the three birds in Dr. Hackenstein is suitable if you know what I mean. Technically, the movie is also okay, again it is not enough to win any Oscars, but I have to give the filmmakers at least some credit to try to draw a century's time. It doesn't always work, the clothes are in conflict with each other at times, the girls look like theirs from the Victorian England while guys look like theirs from a western. The house looks as though all the filmmakers did was remove some modern object from the room and keep a few candles in there! It comes across as a bit on the cheap side, but it's really not a bad look movie at all considering. Could have done without comedy music though. Overall I ended up enjoying Dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought I would, even though it is not in itself a recommendation. It's certainly not the best comedy horror movie ever made, and it's certainly not the worst either. A durable enough piece of harmless fun.
