Apparently there is a very good reason why I have never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" before me, and a few mates randomly stumbled upon it and stupidly decided to give it a try. The reason is: it sucks! It is a very pointless, boring, imbecile and utterly outrageous comedy / parody. To be honest, I'm not even sure whether this was meant to be a comedy, because sometimes sometimes the script takes quite seriously and really tries hard to be a truly ambitious and original late 80's horror effort. In the year 1909, at the beginning of a new era in medical science according to the opening sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein exactly three women? no more, no less ?? to repair his beloved wife, whom he accidentally killed. She is just a living head right now, but the stupid body-worms only supply male cadavers. So when Dr. Hackenstein shouts out "I need three female bodies to bring my wife back", his words are not even cold, and only miraculously three young females (and a really annoying nerdy kid) with car problems appear on his doorstep. Why does it never happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy successful women to fill my empty harem !!!" ?? Look, nothing! Nevertheless, the good doctor sees his desire, but unfortunately ?? for science that is ?? He develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame film that attempts to reckon with the success of "Re-Animator" and even blatantly steals some of the comic aspects of the classic, like a cut-off head that speaks one-liners. It's easy to see why this movie is never mentioned anywhere, as it doesn't appeal to fans of either the scare or the comedy genre. The funniest character is undoubtedly the talented female digging robber Ruby; depicted by the anti-Cherubian Anne Ramsey. 80's horror buffs will definitely remember her from Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend", where she played the nasty old hag neighbor being beheaded by a basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" probably takes place in the early 1900s, but there are hardly any attempts to recreate the atmosphere during that time (except perhaps for some cars). Dr. Hackenstein's laboratory is a quite clichédis 80-set piece, with all kinds of smoke-filled boilers and test tubes full of fluorescent colors.
