The 1963 version of "The Haunting" has been one of my favorite horror movies for years, so I expected the release of this 1999 remake with a lot of hardship. It hardly seemed that any follow-up could exceed or even resemble the original masterpiece. Unfortunately, my concerns were well-founded: This movie stinks. <br /> <br /> I don't know what those involved in this movie were thinking about. Jan De Bont, who seemed to have had a fluke when he instructed the excellent "Speed", does so badly (or even worse) as he did with the very hyped duds "Twister" and "Speed ​​2: Cruise Control. "Hey Jan, stick to filmography, would you? Liam Neeson is appropriate in her role as a doctor-for-being-one-sleep-psychologist - I don't think he's able to turn into a really bad performance - but even he can't save a lame script and weak history. Catherine Zeta Jones once again proves (as she did in "Entrapment") that she lacks the effective ability to rise above the material transferred to her. The female leader, who did well in an episode of "The X-Files", looks lost here as Eleanor, a swarming float on the edge of sanity. And the blonde guy who he is is more wood than the ridiculously weird statuettes of children carved into the woodwork around the house. I don't think he changes expression once in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> (SPOILERS AHEAD) The reason why the first movie worked so well is that we were never sure whether the House was really haunted or whether the manifestations were a result of Eleanor's insecure mental state. No spirit is actually seen in the original, leaving much to the imagination - a hallmark of other great horror films such as "The Changeling" and "The Blair Witch Project." Of course, in this updated version we get lots of CGI ghosts, which basically (in light of the weak script / plot) makes the film completely invisible. F / x is not even that great, given that they were made by ILM. The frozen breath looks particularly fake. The effects of the undervalued Peter Jackson movie "The Screams", which I saw just before, were much better. The wooden carpenters of the kids who were looking crazy just look stupid (especially when they cry) and the CGI monsters are nothing to write home about. Instead of giving relief from the bad acting, the bad direction, and the bad writing, the effects only add that mess to a movie. <br /> <br /> Some particularly stupid scenes: When the other three characters break into Eleanor's bedroom, none of them seem surprised at finding a huge scowling demon floating over the bed. The scene where Eleanor "sees" the former lady in the house hanging from the beams ... it is acting here is particularly bad. And last but not least, the unintentional hilarious piece where Wooden Blond Guy broadcasts an uninspired shout of what was to be angry jumps up on a piece of furniture and begins to slash away at the painting of the old evil guy who built the house. We actually get satisfaction in this scene as seconds after his attack, Blond Guy gets pulled over to the fire of the old guy's ghost and quickly gets his head cut off by the smoke. It was the only part of the movie I enjoyed. <br /> <br /> Overall, you stick to the original 1963 "The Haunting." 3/10 stars.
