How viewers respond to this new "adaptation" of Shirley Jackson's book, which was promoted as NOT being a remake of the original 1963 movie (true enough), will be based on, I suppose, the following: those who were big fans of either the book or the original movie will not think much of the one ... and those who have never been exposed and who are big fans of Hollywood's current tendency to "special effects" as the first and last word of how " good "a movie is will love it. Things I did not like about this adaptation: <br /> <br /> 1. It was NOT a true adaptation of the book. From the articles I had read, this film was supposed to cover other aspects of the book that the first one never came to. And it seemed reasonable, no movie can cover a word for words unless it's the length of the STAND! (And not even then) But there were things in this movie that were never mentioned or even suggested in the movie. Reminded me how they decided to kill the black man in the original movie version of THE SHINING. I didn't like that either. What the movie's press release should have said is ... "We got the basic, very basic idea from Shirley Jackson's book, we kept the same names on the house and more (but not all) the names of the leading characters, but so we decided to write ours. our own story and what we looked at, we looked at CHANGELING and SHINING and GHOST first and also decided to throw a bit of them. "<br /> <br /> 2. They completely lost the theme of a parapy scholar who carefully invited picked a guest who had all had brushes with the paranormal in their past to investigate a house that really seemed to have been "born bad". No, instead, this "doctor" all got to the house under the false notion of studying their "insomnia" (he really encouraged them to scare them to death and then see how they responded to their fears ... as lab rats whoever he said never was told that they are part of an experiment ... good guy. This doctor, who did not have the same name, was, by the way, different from the dedicated professional in the original movie that night from day. <br /> <br /> 3. In direct contradiction to the statement used to promote both films "some houses are just born bad", this house was not born badly, but became bad because of what happened there ... and this time Nel has to rave the mystery (shadows of the change). The only problem was that the so-called mystery was so disjointed that I was sure it remained a mystery to most audiences ... but then there was no mystery at first (not in the book) because the house was bad to begin with. It is the first "victim" died before it ever set eyes on it. <br /> <br /> 4. The way Luke's character was portrayed was completely ridiculous. He was supposed to be a debonair playboy who one day would inherit the house (and was a true skeptic because it is "history") ... and in this one he was just a wine-like, bumbling nerd who couldn't sleep (insomnia remembers) and was a compulsive companion. <br /> <br /> 5. I was also annoyed by how the movie jumped from almost trying to recreate original scenes word by word (the scene with Nels sister's family and Mrs Dudley's small opening speech ...) to go out flights that made me think more of these other movies than THE HAUNTING. It's like it couldn't imagine what it would do. <br /> <br /> 6. I missed Nels story throughout the movie. The original was like a Gothic novel in that the story was mostly told in the first person, through Nel's eyes, and we were always excited about her thoughts. The unique touch was completely lost in the new version. They also tried to make Nel much more of a heroine. The original Nel was not a bad person, but she was a bitter person (could she otherwise have sacrificed 11 years of her life to a selfish old woman and a patient sister?) And she liked to groan and she lost her temper. .. This was almost too good to be true. This was never more evident than in the climax of the movie, where the author of course had seen GHOST one too many times. <br /> <br /> 7. They changed the house's history and it's too much. There was no Abigail Crain (Hugh's daughter, whose play was woven great in the original versions), there was no "companion" and there was no kindergarten. There was also no "Grace" (King of the original doctor) and Hugh Crain's wives died in completely different ways. These changes changed the story WAY too much. I don't know if the producers of this movie should be happy Shirley Jackson no longer goes this land or if they should ... BE SORRY (if you get my drift !!! The haunts she could imagine are nothing, to stumble on !!!). In conclusion, let me just leave you with some words from the original Luke (appropriate replacement of the word "house" for "movie"!): "This movie" must be burned to the ground and the ground sprinkled with salt! "My favorite movie is always back then. No competition from this one.
