Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a great ghost story, it's perfection on film. It is a scary tale of 4 people entering a haunted house and with the simple trick of sound and movement, it scared people. It is still effective for today if you appreciate movies. So when The Haunting was recreated in 1999, many people had almost the same reaction "WHAT? Why?" But in my opinion, if a remake is respectful enough and just wants to reinvent the story of the newer generation, I'm pretty cool with it. This is certainly not the case, this is just a disrespectful boring shame that will waste your time and I guarantee will deliver no scare ?? pfft! PG-13, what are they thinking? Not very apparent. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister exposes her, Nell receives a phone call and tells her about an ad for an insomnia study run by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, a remote manor. On arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange couple of guards who do not stay on the property after dark. Shortly after, two other participants in the study, Wild Theo and "bad sleeper" arrive at Luke Sanderson along with Doctor Marrow. Unknown to the participants is Doctor Marrow's true purpose to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, the chain gates the gate outside of Hill House, preventing anyone from entering or leaving tomorrow when the guards open the lock. There are no working phones inside the Hill House and the nearest town is several miles away. Doctor Marrow enjoys the history of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife and hoped to fill it with a large family full of children, but all Crain's children died during the birth. Crain's wife killed herself before the house was finished, and Crain became a shelf. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena in the house, including odd sounds and unexplained temperature changes. Nell is confronted after the main street is vandalized with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor" and becomes extremely confused and proves to prove that the house is haunted by souls from those who became the victim of Crains cruelty. She learns that Crain built his fortune by exploiting kidnapped children for slave labor and murdering them as they no longer used him. He then burned the bodies in the house's fireplace to hide any evidence. She also learns that Crain had another wife named Carolyn, of whom Nell is descended. Everyone thinks she is crazy, while Nell is convinced that this is where she belongs. <br /> <br /> I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and pointless. Not to mention the actor, Nell played, Lili Taylor completely annoyed me, her performance, her appearance, just about her, let me not start with things I would do to not see her again in movies. Catherine Zeta Jones just didn't fit in her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor wasted talent again. The effects are far and wide for computerized, I just can't believe they would ruin a wonderful classic with this raw. Believe me, if you are afraid of something, be afraid to see how you can make a big ghost story into an annoying piece of stupid stupid. Oh, this movie is already bad in me, just don't see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
