For anyone who has seen and fallen in love with the musical A CHORUS LINE scene, the film is a shoddy replacement. Not only are songs cut, but unnecessary plot twists added, new dance sequences choreographed, and let's see it, Richard Attenborough just doesn't know how to film. <br /> <br /> Onstage, Michael Bennett is a CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift for Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of hard-working, in your face, realism that really made you feel like these "boys" and "girls". However, the film lacks empathy and depth: The actors look as if they are auditioning for A CHORUS LINE rather than actually auditioning. Every step of the way, every line of dialogue seems so weighted and planned; Michael Douglas, especially as Zach is also in control for us to believe he is this exceptionally bitchy choreographer. Even when he throws his mood attack, you never really believe in him, for every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is so obviously repeated. And for him not to dance: Kevin Kline auditioned for Zach's role on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his reading, but Kline couldn't dance and eventually lost the part. How I wish they had done the same for Douglas! A CHORUS LINE should be a show about nobodies, and apart from a few recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, as Sheila and Khandi Alexander, by TV's NewsRadio, as one of the many audition dancers) you are not to Know any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a horrible decision: When you focus on Michael Douglas and his ranting instead of on the girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It's really unfortunate that the best order in the show (Montage: Hi Twelve, Hi Thirteen, Hello Love) is cut drastically to make room for a horrible new song titled "Surprise, Surprise" , who surprisingly received a nomination for the Oscar. Cassie's "mirror dance" has a new song and tragic boring choreography - one wonders why they bothered to shoot a movie version at all if they were to crush with a working formula so much. <br /> <br /> For fans of musical theater and those who enjoy the scene version, this movie is a sad sneak of everything they loved and loved. For those who never saw the original production, either on Broadway or on tour, this movie is the only reference they will have to pass. And they have to wonder how it was the longest running musical in Broadway's history - until a small show called CATS took over in the late 1990s. But it's a different story and doesn't even make me start there.
