Broadway musical, "A Chorus Line" is undoubtedly the best musical in theater. It is about the experiences of people living for dance; the pleasures they experience and the victims they make. Each dancer is auditioning for parts in a Broadway crossline, but what comes out of each is stories of how their lives led them to find dance as a break. However, film production captures none of the stage show's passion or beauty and is undoubtedly the worst movie adaptation of a Broadway musical, as it is lifeless and devoid of any love for dance, exclusive. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake was made in giving the director's work to Sir Richard Attenborough, whose direction just gave the right touch and pacing for "Gandhi." Why does anyone in his or her right mind ask an epic director to lead a musical that takes place in a rather narrowed place? <br /> <br /> Which brings us to the next problem. "A Chorus Line" takes place on stage in a theater without real sets and limited cost changes. It is the least flashy of Broadway musicals, and its simplicity was its glory. However, it doesn't translate well into movies, and nobody really thought it would. For that reason, the film should have taken us into the life of these dances and should have left the theater and audition process. The singers could have offered their songs in other environments and even offered flashbacks for their first ballet, jazz or tape class. Heck, they could have danced down Broadway in their lively imagination. Still, not a bunch of imagination went into the movie as Attenborough's complete indifference to dance and the show itself is evident in his lack of direction. Many scenes are even awkward, as the dancers tell their story to the director (Michael Douglas) whether he will hear them or not. Douglas' character is moody about choosing who he expands a sympathetic ear and to whom he does not have patience. <br /> <br /> While filmmakers seemed to be true to the character of the game, some heretic changes were made. The very beautiful "Hi Twelve, Hi Thirteen, Hello Love" - ​​a shattering scene number that took the dancers back to their youth - was removed and replaced with the terrible "Surprise", a song so bad that it was nominated for an Oscar. Improving the damage tells "Surprise" simply the same story as "Hi, Love" but without wit or patos. <br /> <br /> There is no need to watch this movie unless you want a lesson in what NOT to do when transferring a Broadway show to movies. If you want to see a movie version of this show, the next closest is Bob Fosse's brilliant "All That Jazz." While Fosse's daughter is in "A Chorus Line", he is the Fosse who should have been involved as a director. He would have known what to do with this material, which deserved much more respect than this sad effort.
