I'm not a stage purist. A movie could have been made by this game and it would almost necessarily require changes ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest impression of this material is lost or misunderstood by the film's creators, who are in full "evil blockbuster" mode. It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan & Jack Warner could have destroyed this in the same way Attenborough did. <br /> <br /> Onstage A choreline was a triumph of workshops as a production method. Dancers who responded to a casting call found themselves sitting around shooting the shed about their stage-career experiences (much the 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, gave them a song and threw them like themselves. ...astonishing! Incredibly modern. ACL's story is (in return) about answering a casting call to a game, we never have a complete picture of because the game doesn't matter. It was meta before the idea was invented, 25 years before adaptation blotted with a similar idea. ACL was also another in a reductiveist trend that is still alive and is a hallmark of modern creativity: the technique itself convincing ... that there is more drama in an average person's life than you could ever synthesize with invented figures. What a gracious idea. The scene play had a performance area (an empty stage) and three different ways to change the background to facilitate visual tedium, not to keep the viewers distracted. The room decreases and the actors' stories are highlighted. It worked fine. That was the point. All these ideas are trampled or bastardized. Set-wise there was not one and no costumes for the dancers came out to their final arches, where the exciting "One" was finally done in full (gold) top hats and tails with movements we recognize because we have seen them in practice sessions. The game's growing anxiety is released --- and the audience went nuts. <br /> <br /> After dealing with Grampa, it is like a mouse, a string bird. He obviously has the previously respected all that Jazz (and Fosse's scene magazine Dancin ') has in mind when making his choices. Hamlisch's score was edgy and interesting for it's time, but time has not been good for it. It's as schmaltzy as "jazz hands." And that's before Attenborough ever touches it. He is remarkable in finding the good that was left and missing it. <br /> <br /> A simple question could have helped Attenborough record this: "Should I spend a few minutes with people like these?" A major problem for any adaptation of the drama is how the theater's 4th wall (swivel in its absence in theater) will be treated in the movie format. There has never been a more "frontal" game. The answer they came to was, "I'm sorry. What was the question?" The cast has been reinforced from a manageable number of unique stories, to a crowd that stifles each other and the audience and mixes their grids themselves. I was well past my annoyance threshold when the annoying little round turns over the stage of a rope that sticks in the (absent) audience. Playback enabled you to understand theater people. This movie just allows you to choke them. Perhaps Broadway's annoying trend of characters goes directly to the scene center and sings their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of relating to other characters starting here. But the worst possible revival of the drama makes you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> A Chorus Line is pure schlock.
