On Broadway, a Chorus Line was pure magic. From the second time, the show opened with a spectacular outbreak of energy to the truly grand finale, a pleasing curtain call of all the cross members we grew to love during the show. We were completely engaged - fascinated by the intense personal stories, some fun, some clever, some stirs, of this line. The movie is another matter altogether. The focus is now on the director - and what is an honor he is! Whenever the movie changes to Michael Douglas, he is bitter, sour, barking out questions and orders, screaming and shouting when he gets the chance. Yikes !! It changes the dynamics of history. On Broadway, the director was really an imperial presence, but he was also a kind of theater device that allowed the stories of these amazingly strong / fragile / exciting / hilarious corline leaders to be told with insight and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And actually in one of the only moments that the director looks, he's there to comfort the young Puerto Rico dancer after we've heard the dancer's heartbreaking story. He looks again to express his true love for Cassie. But in the film, from the second Douglas 'instructor, bitterly barking orders begin, the line members' stories become secondary. It is as if they are in a miserable business where a jaded instructor, instead of showing the joy of creating a new exciting theatrical show, is crowded, exhausted and furious to have to audition these chore members. On stage there was ALWAYS the excitement of the show. Here in the film, almost from the word, you feel sorry for everyone involved. During the course of the music, we desperately wanted every one of these choir members well, and how happy we would have been if they all had the job! But of course it couldn't happen. But in the final, when they all came back in brilliant costume with the amazing spinning mirrors on the stage, we sometimes reflect in the audience, in our hearts, and we also know in the hearts of all those choir members, both accepted and rejected, they were on stage forever dancing in a profession they loved so much and got magic to the theater. In the movie, after all the wrong story lines and weight, the magic is completely diluted. All we feel (even with the same curtain call) is that some of the members got a job with a medieval instructor. So they all come on the screen and dance again. Big deal.
