For those who never saw a CHORUS LINE on stage and their only exposure to the story was this movie, this movie is OK as movie musicals, nothing special, just OK. I've seen the show on Broadway 4 times and even auditioned for a show tournament company once for someone who basically remembers the original production, the 1985 movie version is so horrible at so many levels that I don't even know where to start. First and foremost, for those who have never auditioned for a theatrical production, let me assure you that IRL, when auditioning for a piece, never asks the director, the manufacturer and the choreographer personal questions and does not laugh at why you wanted to become a practitioner. A really theatrical audition, whether for a game or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you audition as a dancer, you will be shown a 64-bar dance combination once, you do, and then immediately decide whether you are in or out. Michael Bennett's original concept for the show was to elaborate on the dancers' lives and introduce the uninitiated passion to perform and why so many victims so much for so little. The game is about these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough took so much focus from the dancers to stifle the Cassie / Zach relationship and by casting Michael Douglas as Zach. In the play you NEVER see Zach ... he's just a voice in the back of the theater, and his relationship with Cassie is barely affected. Cassie shown in the cab in traffic trying to get to the audition and upstairs talking to Larry (a character who is not even in the game) was all added to the movie and focused so much on what the story is about. Large music tracks were cut or repurchased. The opening number in the play "I Hope I Get It" shows all the dancers who make a jazz and ballet combination, and then people are eliminated. In the film, they confront three hundred dancers on stage and show them in close proximity to explain that they have thrown people into the film that can't dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Farewell 12, Farewell 13, Hello Love", a glorious vocal exploration of these dancers' childhood horror memories was recast as "Surprise, Surprise", mainly a vehicle for the late Gregg Burge like Richie. The show's most famous song, "What I Did for Love", which in the show was a touching allegorium, sung by the whole role of what they give up to dance, just becomes another love song in the movie, tired of a miscast Allyson Reed like Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is boring and imaginative and does not keep a light on Michael Bennett's original scene and when you make a film about dancers, the choreography should be special. There are a few good dancers in the movie, the previously mentioned Gregg Burge like Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they hardly get the chance to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers who can hardly go and chewing gum at the same time, get one of the show's best figures, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I will admit that the final, "One" is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours for it. I would say that if you never saw a CHORUS LINE on stage, this movie might be worth a visit, but if you are a devotee of the original Broadway musical ... be scared ... be very scared.
