*** This post contains SPOILER (S) *** <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in every other way. He also has his own fan site with "Chuck Norris Facts" that is really entertaining. But this movie looks like someone was having fun with the audience, putting all those "facts" into a movie. I really can't remember when I wasted my time more than this "act". I don't know what's the worst thing this movie can offer you: unoriginal and a thousand times made terror plan that tries to nudge us by smuggling nuke on American soil or perhaps the "big" dialogues and Chuck's words of wisdom about life and everything else . Someone may find the worst that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. There is an endless list of crap. Not to mention huge amounts of archive films used in movies, it's a little annoying. The main terrorist sends his comrades a message through the media when he is trapped, and the only guy who is smart enough to see the treatment is: Chuck Norris of course. No one else in America is not smart enough to see it! And the whole act of catching the boss is just ridiculous. A man is sent to go through a whole terror camp UNARMED (I lie, he has a knife), escapes his stalkers with JET PACK and then para glides for a few hundred, maybe even a thousand miles to the nearest beach (Afghanistan border is 450 km long away from the nearest beach) where he is rescued by a submarine. I hope that at least fighting situations will be good, but it's even more fun than the plot. If you didn't know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO beat sh * t out of them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them away by a single move, and the evil guys fly a few meters as dolls. You can ask me, I watched this movie to the end? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see which of these two superheroes will mitigate the atomic bomb with a few hundred megatons and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I understood what fool I am. Of course it is Chuck's movie. And not only does he make the one-hearted trouble with tweezers, but he does it - twice !! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I would spend my life spawn. <br /> <br /> Then, makers of this movie made another Chuck Norris fact that could be added to his site: Can Chuck Norris destroy nuclear bombs? Yes, and he can do it twice!
