Everyone in this movie tells Raffy Carruthers how talented she is, which real instructor she will one day prove to be, etc. I think they are just fun. Even Kimble Rendall, who directed this movie, shows more talent than she does. "The next Jane Campion" they call her; and although they are both over-qualified, the two have so much in common. They both direct movies. They are both women. They are both Australian. (Well, give or take.) Yep: It's one of those movies where a character is considered brilliant and we just have to swallow hard and accept it. But I say that to Carruthers: She's sweet. -And fascinating. No really. Here are some thoughts on her lack of talent: <br /> <br /> (1) Part of an instructor's talent lies in managing people. Why is Carruthers so phenomenally bad to get her crew to even notice her? To make it easier for everyone to move away from the set and be killed, I expect. <br /> <br /> Why is this one of the most compelling images of a movie set I've ever seen? After all, it must have been filmed on a REAL movie set. How could they get it wrong? If the Rendall set was half as much of an under-manned shambles, it's strange that he finished his movie. <br /> <br /> (3) Carruthers - the fictional instructor - has set itself the task of creating a brand new 1980s horror flick. Bold chance. I doubt it can be done these days. I suspect that Rendall - the actual and more talented director - sat down in the same job, realizing that it couldn't be done and settled for (sighing) knowing parody instead. Of course, it is not enough of a parody to work as a parody. As soon as the player and the crew set foot in the isolated mansion, the film uses most of its time, making it a lot of what the 1980s horror film did ... well, less bad. (4) And yet, and yet ... the film opens with not a parody, but an honest goodness pastiche of the 80s horror, starring (this is too good to be true) Molly Ringwald. This pastiche is much better than anything that follows. (It's a bad sign when you find yourself if you want to watch the movie within the movie, rather than the movie.) But it was also filmed in the late 1990s. Perhaps it is still possible to make the horror of 1980s. You just have to drop the familiar parody stuff and SPACE it. <br /> <br /> (5) I had never even wondered what the 1980s teen horror would be like if all the characters had Australian accents, but now I know. And, oddly, I'm glad I know. A need I never knew I had was fulfilled.
