While filming an 80's horror movie called 'Hot Blooded', the director is brutally murdered, and the leading lady is scared as she survives the attack and manages to kill the killer. After all this, the production is abandoned and the storage rollers are left to collect dust. Then a group of filmmakers decide to pick up where the movie slipped, even though they were warned by people to stay away from the movie, as the last person interested in the girl came up to the cinema while watching the movie. From here it is labeled as a damned production. If you do not take these warnings seriously, the crew goes ahead with the production, and they get the original star of the film to return from Hollywood to reproduce its role, but not as the daughter but the mother. But again, the murders begin to take place with the castrator and the crew is slaughtered by an unknown figure dressed as the murderer of the film. See what 'Scream' started! Hi, I enjoy these movies, but for the most part everything else that followed was annoying and pointless excuses. During this stage, the subgenre came back with revenge, but it was not as good of a good thing as they were mostly unsuccessful and non-original trials, following the derived pattern of the Scream franchise. 'Cut', which is an independent Australian take on the textbook slasher genre, is purely shonky waste that lacks basically everything and shameless beats any other slasher flick. But you know what I found it a cheesy delight. Yes, it is horribly awful and very forgettable, but it is a bit of good cheap fun while it lasted. Although I hated it when I originally came across it, but for the second time I knew what I was getting into and it worked better for it. It was like helping me with a good slice of cheesecake again, but this time it wasn't that sweet. <br /> <br /> The movie came out at the same time as 'Scream 3' and 'Urban Legends: The Final Cut', which all three follow the same structure to use a movie in a movie. Of course, 'Scream 3' is the strongest of the three, but I actually wanted to see this trash can over Urban Legends: The Final Cut. Although it seemed more of a backlash to the slashers of the 80s than that of one of Scream's bastard offspring. Almost much, the film gets b-class treatment, and it turns out in the manuscript and the performances. The dialogue is really imaginative and hardly comes up with any surprises and excitement. Although the performance is pure shame and Molly Ringwald takes the crown for it. She plays the catchy actress returning to finish the damn flick, and I had fun with her ridiculously ridiculous send-up performance. She gives the bite here and nails it perfectly. The rest were mostly recognizable Australian TV stars (that is, if you are Australian) with an amazing Jessica Napier, who leads the cast as Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also pop songs (and supposed actress) Kylie Minogue makes a como look in the opening just to be hacked! On a. These teens followed basically the formula for horny and bad children who have nothing better to do than to be killed. Sometimes it feels like they're just waiting in line because they have no real substance to be there. <br /> <br /> The plot starts quite interestingly and then leads to a mysterious phase where red herring pop up, but then it makes a sudden u-turn where it becomes a somewhat satire on the horror genre. It is simply right, and when it comes to the explanation of all this insanity, I was kind to the left thinking ?? Oh my. This when it tries to twist back on itself in a smart way, but unfortunately it falls along the way. But you don't love an opening ending. Also it sports some pop culture references and a self referential, tongue-in-cheek approach. Predictability starts early in the early days, and the jokes can sometimes be over-spoken, but it knows little by little about poker fun in itself. The atmosphere loses a bit of edge because humor takes away the gloom, but the isolated big old mansion where they are filmed has some nice touches that added "something" spookiness. The cinema scene is also done pretty nicely. Now, now we know that we will have gore and nudity when we see this type of flick, but unfortunately there is no nudity to find and gore is pretty standard if lacking, but it is more than decent for such a low budget flick . There are one or two creative deaths, but the rest is systematic. The killer was not bad, but when he talked it was bad, I thought the smart red setting wasn't good with me. Another remark of the production, which was sharp, varied from the cut-off edit, out-of-place soundtrack and Kimble Rendall's direction lacked execution and was rather careless, but these contributing factors pull together to add some sort of pure entertainment to all this evil . <br /> <br /> The imagination matches the budget, that's for sure, but heck this miserable slasher didn't try to be anything else. Pure schlock that is a bit funny!
