I have to admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie, but it is already moving out of my short-term memory. In a career that slides quite quickly against tabloid dunkies, Ben Affleck, once a promising cartoonist anchored in the Hollywood advertising machine to recreate a romantic leading man. Judging from this film, the transformation does not seem to take as he still lacks the gravitas who would make him credible in such parts. While his friend Matt Damon takes clever roles in movies like "Syriana", Affleck appears in this type of commercial cardboard. At least, the superficial character of successful but solitary advertising consultant Drew Latham to Affleck fits better than most of the other roles he has tried. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose most famous movie is 1999's "Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo") and written by no less than four screenwriters (always a bad character), the slender plot revolves around the needs of his character to "rent" a family living in the childhood home to live their imagination of having the old-fashioned Christmas he never had. The concept is actually exciting, because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality, we are all directed to feel in the midst of the terrible commercialism of the holidays. The real problem, however, is that the film feels like an extended sketch that lacks logical or authentic emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be exaggeratingly trying desperately to be gracious, but the net result is an exhausting turn of an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in ill-imagined movies. Fortunately, like James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara, he has played the Valcos, the couple who decide to accept Drew's monetary offerings to pretend to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom as a gruff, non-violent relationship with Tony Sopran, but he does what he can in the role. From her classic SCTV Days to Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, O'Hara is always a cartoon, regardless of the vehicle, and surprisingly, she serves the best laugh as Tom's wife Christine, whether it's dry to deliver a one-liner or make up in an empty make-up. up for a dominatrix photography. In what becomes her standard screen role, Christina Applegate plays their distrustful daughter Alicia, who of course becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good moments when she enjoys the deception of playing Drew's sister in front of her boyfriend's family, she seems to be changing in lightning strokes, making it difficult to see what Drew would see in her. The story runs out of control of the last third with a constructed situation stacked on top of another until the plot strings are tied together in short order. There are rumors that much of the film was improvised, as there was no finished shooting script. It shows, but I must also admit that I am stuck with it to the bitter end.
