I get the feeling that those involved in making "Surviving Christmas" have not put much emphasis on the movie. The characters are so inconsistent, and the plot makes so little sense that the movie is played as a rough draft of a script thrown together with a little, but the one-line concept for a rich guy who pays a family to let him spend Christmas with them. /> <br /> Ben Affleck depicts Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a wealthy, selfish advertising manager who buys his way through life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas, because she is disgusted with Drew's wanting to take her to Fiji for Christmas, as she calls the "family holiday" and the fact that Drew has never introduced her to her family. We later find out that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old and his mother is dead, so it's a mystery why he doesn't just say he doesn't have any family, rather than his girlfriend think he Don't make it worry about his family. <br /> <br /> For fear of being alone on Christmas, Drew tracks down Missy's shrink (why? I have no idea) suggesting he does a forgiveness ritual in his childhood home. When he meets the family living in his childhood home, Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family so that he can revive his cozy childhood memories. He gets angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "does not have a sister" and even goes as far as writing a script for the family to follow so they act more like his "real" family. None of this makes any sense when Drew reveals that he grew up with no family than his mother. Also inexplicable is Alicia's character, annoyed by the fact that her family accepted Drew's money and refuses to play with her imagination. But without good reason, she suddenly starts to suffer from Drew, and in a few minutes he goes from pulling his courage to acting as his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete jerk throughout the film that even his sad story of his childhood lonely Christians gives no sympathy; I almost want him finished, "Just fun! The real reason I can't see my family is that they all have reluctant orders against me!" (2/10)
