I think this movie has been a little overstated here. There are some things to admire in it; for one thing, it deserves credit for being a science fiction (ish) movie that relies on its story rather than special effects and action sequences to carry the day. The support molding is good, seen design and film are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (although they start to seem a little tired after the many mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones in recent years). But the film is enchanted by poor characterization, wood performances by leading actors and a ridiculously bad end. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem I had was that the protagonist was neither sympathetic nor unlikely. I realize part of the story dictates that he should be a bit of a (wait for it ...) cipher, but I was totally incapable of accumulating any empathy for a sign that just seemed like a boring, anonymous club by a man. What character transformation is for this sad bag is artificially forced upon him by the plot. Head actor Jeremy Northam manages to convey that the protagonist is confused and unhappy but fails to inspire any sympathy for him. Unlike him, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who has no genuine personality unless it is the exercise of a spy movie clique that counts as personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments in this movie is the end. I will not give any spoilers here, but I would say that a surprising twist at the end was telegraphed at least 45 minutes before it happened. After being satisfied with being a quirky, idea-oriented movie for the first hour or so, the last few scenes survive suddenly and terribly at the worst kind of Hollywood card, complete with huge explosions and special effects. The end of the movie's McGuffin is poorly finished, and at the end the characters seem even less sympathetic than they did before some of the movie's main plot of threads were resolved. <br /> <br /> The movie isn't that bad, though. It succeeds in maintaining a certain low voltage level in most of it, despite the slow stimulation (although I think I have a higher than average tolerance for slow-paced movies). And there are some moments when the unimaginable, paranoial feeling that Director Vincenzo Natali clearly tried to induce rises to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the mistakes in the movie's play and script. There is probably a good movie covering the same themes and ideas, but it is not.
