Let me start by saying that I usually look like Renny Harlin's instructor style, for the most part, and that the filmmaker should be praised for some shots. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2", which I really liked, there is something missing from this movie. What, my friends, is a script. The dialogue in movies like this is always pretty awful, but one takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many horrible lines in this movie, I don't even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but the performance of the lines is pathetic and seems more suited to a poor porn movie than an action adventure. It's almost like Harlin thought that if the lowered words were said, they could improve the script. Wrong again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are some talented actors thrown into bad roles with worse dialogue. Stallone has never been my favorite, but when he deals around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of the pile of Rooker, there is something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in "Ricochet" but comes across as one who can't act to save his life here. How is it possible? I have always been a big fan of his and he is trained to perform by Stallone, who himself called his performance. Turner's part is so small and pointless, but she still manages to look lost on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know because I've seen it in "Days of Thunder", but he seems to be reading his lines from cue cards. Has it come to this? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together where they speak, I just wanted the movie to end there, or make them both great to find their skills. Unfortunately, none of these things arose. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, which can be the only one to really blame for this mess than the actors. It is his fault that I was never drawn into this movie because he should have made the people act. The script is not very good, but the actors' notions are what destroy this movie and it must be with the director. I don't care how much was paid for the special effects that are mostly good, you still can't just sacrifice the movie with horrible plays. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, the pacing of this movie seems to be off. The opening sequence was good and the aircraft scene was very well done, but how do you worry about the result of the hoist at all. I think I understand they were trying to excite all the bells and whistles of the bell, but I really didn't care if they got the money or not in that scene. If the bad guy would have won early, I might not have witnessed one of the worst movies ever!
