Having seen "Driven" on a plane to America 3 years ago, I really thought I had seen the worst movie ever made and I could safely relax in the knowledge I would never suffer so much in front of one screen ever again. Unfortunately, as I found out last night, that was not the case. Revolver is so unusually bad, I'm actually thinking of recommending friends to go see it, just so I don't feel I'm the only stupid enough to make fun of seeing this. It is truly amazing how much this movie falls in the face of the constant, and I mean CONSTANT voice overs of the main characters, with utterly eerie pretentious nonsense! I was actually angry at the cinema and listened to Andre Benjamin's utterly relentless queen for what seemed like half the movie while constantly thinking - what would Turkish have done to this complete joke of gangster / con man, no matter what he was supposed to be when he made his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would have told him that he was leaving, blew his head away and dared with utter contempt, as his equally inappropriate partner waddles away as quickly as his smart little legs would carry him. I mean, what we should believe is going through Jake's head when they give him their "solution" to his problem? They are men together, so of course they must also have the ability to cure incurable blood disorders! I mean ffs. Doesn't he start wondering why his symptoms don't get worse? Should penny not fall on the third day, what happens instead of Richie, exposing the audience to a painfully patronizing phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know he has been fooled. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a little positive note to the movie by proceeding to the dry humor if it gives, fortunately a similar standard to its previous movies ????. tire ** t! This movie does not attempt anything as smart as redeeming itself through some well-started entertaining lines, oh no. Somehow managed to be so disastrously unfunny I really didn't hear as much as a peek from a completely packed movie theater ?? And anyone who knows UGC in Sheffield knows how much a main screen can get and not one person as much as smiles. Perhaps he would never have the movie be fun, and just enough, you can still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what did he plan to hang this movie on, I have to ask? The unnecessarily enchanting plot! ?? I hope not! <br /> <br /> By far the most satisfying moment I went through last night heard the very loud sigh coming from all directions of the audience, when everyone desperately prayed for the movie to end. It was also really entertaining to see how fast climbers fought and fought for the exits after they realized it was over and they were free from their torment! I have to round it off. I mean sh ** t! The end? .. no sorry i can't, your just going to see it. It can't be put into words, it just can't, and once you've seen it, you know why. Uuhhhhh ?? shakers ??
