What we have here is a movie about how the exercise of money and revenge can destroy your soul ... or something like that. Guy Ritchie, known for his reworking of the gangster genre, bites more than he can chew with this. <br /> <br /> His use of modern film noir to tackle the theme of a man who freely sets himself to sink his pride, be nice to his enemy and give away all his money falling flat on that face. When Jason Statham's character no longer fears Ray Liotta, the seemingly Liotta runs crazy enough to blow his head into the final scene. Why? Basically, you can't create a mafiosi like the Liotta character, who has probably come to his station in life by showing the kind of ruthless behavior that is obvious in the whole movie, only to get him to suicide at nothing else than a shameful smile on the face of Statham's character. <br /> <br /> Before anyone starts to say, I'm missing the point ... I'm not. I get it okay? Take out the quest for wealth and you will find true happiness and inner peace. Be kind to your enemy and it will confuse him to self-destruction. This seems to be the core of the movie, and it is not a bad condition for a story, even though it is not original. The problem is that Ritchie simply doesn't have the skill of a movie producer to carry it off. At that moment, though Guy Ritchie realizes this, he seems to be upset by the story and begins to insert red herring: The Stage when Statham is beaten by a car - why? Shooting some scenes like Marvel comic animations ... again, why? <br /> <br /> There are so many loose threads and unanswered questions left at the end of the movie, you could get all 2001-ish about it and try to figure them out, or simply accept that there is no answers, and each viewer will interpret things in their own way. Myself? I was so sorry for the pompous tone of the movie that I simply didn't care. Quite frankly, the end could not get too early so I didn't have to sit through more of this pretentious psychobab. Waste of two hours of life.
