The movie "52 Pick Up" simply doesn't work. Look at it if you are at all interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or anyone in the amazing cast, especially John Glover, who is certainly brilliant. But the book - a slow-burning, noir thriller with lots of pulp - should have translated into an Oscar-fighting movie instead of this dud, who couldn't figure out whether it should faithfully portray the hard-boiled, gritty crime story of the book, or choose and 1980s Schwarzenegger shoot-em-up spree. Changing scene from the original site of the book Detroit (an area where Leonard has lived for years and know it very well) to Los Angeles gives a big problem Leonard is trying to correct in his script, but in the end it can't . For example, it was a smart device that made Mitchell's wife a city councilor (she had no work in the book) if you think about it: that is the only way you could ever plausibly extort anyone in a sex-demanding city like 1980 ' er Los Angeles for adultery or any kind of potential sex scandal. Still, it is more plausible in a more conservative Eastern state like Michigan to believe that a) its tiny porn industry is a shabby money-shooting hell, where three losers desperately could create a not-so-stupid upper-class companion going through a crisis in the middle of Life, and b) adultery alone can be something you can chat with someone if their upcoming career and old-fashioned wives could not cope with the shock. As a consultant Ron Jeremy will tell you, the 1980s Los Angeles was a colorful and stylish porno mecca, more like the movie "Boogie Nights" than Leonard's dark, shady world of hijacked coaches, nasty apartments and depressed city combat drug trafficking. So again, Los Angeles could be the reason for such a story if you arranged the landscape more carefully - there are still plenty of dark crannies and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell comes into the movie as a sexy, beautiful Uebermensch dancing through his problems without even sweating up. In the book, he was averting a jerk association's official while he fought for a company that failed. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war with friendly fire, which he was responsible for, but never seemed to get started. Elmore Leonard's stories usually have a central image that involves a bizarre civilization between criminal and law-abiding citizens. Here, Harry Mitchell sits in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, who converts his financial books to him and negotiates a more practical ransom, giving such a central image. Glover's blackmailer plays the stage with compelling intelligence, but Scheider portrays the victim here as a jolly "good guy" in charge of the situation as if he were more of a Rambo with an M-16 than that everybody barely keeps himself transformed when his world crumbles him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst throwing conclusions ever, considering all the thought that entered the original story and then the movie. Trapping Raimy inside Mitchell's Jaguar and blowing him with marched band music bursts with a sadistic monologue from Mitchell, playing to an audience who wants the "sweet revenge" conclusion of a Chuck Norris movie, not the intelligent balanced world of Leonard's book, where Mitchell escapes almost in the end, and the conflict between good and evil can easily go either. I left the theater shaking my head and depressed. What a waste of talent.
