David Chase's "The Sopranos" is perhaps the most overpriced television show in recent memory. Not only is the series without intellect and passion, it is without soul. As some readers probably already know, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a great, fat ** ** hole of a bully with a spoiled b * tch of a wife and two bratty, sh * t-brained children living in - You guessed it - America's armpit (it's New Jersey, by the way). Not only is Tony a womanizing counterfeit, he is also an unwarranted murder debt, with a crew of "Saturday Night Live" filthy caricatures for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a piece of sh * t mobster who insults me (and apparently only me). Allowing signs to be who and what they are without judgment is something American television hardly allows. But Chase - and his supporters of money-gorged, Emmy-gored writers - have not only allowed us to observe Tony and his crew as they behave, nor have they attempted to give any insight into the reality / reaction reality (of course of course, fictionalized) organized crime (a la "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase supports and supports his characters' greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle in the same way as Tony, his wife, and even his hair-borne psychologist do the week after week (or should I say month after month. Or is it year after year? for the show's bad 13-episode seasons to come out with the same regularity as a lunar eclipse). Much has been done by the series refusal to adhere to the "network" structure with plot lines that go nowhere and signs that pop up and disappear as backyard pests. But if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why does it always feel like I'm seeing a soap opera? Tired mob chicks, bored housewives, self-service, irresemable characters and plots that go nowhere. More than ever, I can see why so many Americans of Italian heritage are presented at this show. That's enough to make you curl up with a good book (Dante's "Inferno" springs in mind). People at IMDb love to claim that there is nothing good on TV and therefore "The Sopranos" is a fresh breath. Are the same people concerned about paying their cable bills to see "The Shield"? (It is included in Basic, you know). What about the (still good) "The West Wing"? Or the brilliantly traded (if incorrectly written) "Boston Legal"? What about the best comedy in the last few decades, "Arrested Development"? And because we forget that we live in the age of DVDs - no * has * to look * something * new. I'd rather be $ 40 for a cheap set of, well, pretty much * something *, than giving HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 a DVD set!) To continue to prove how much one hack factory it can be. <br /> <br /> You want good television? See "Homicide: Life on the Street." Or "Murder One". Or "Picket Fence". Or even Chase's previous show, "Northern Exposure." If you're already among "The Sopranos" legion of brainwashed fans and critics, it's too late for you. But if not, let Tony and his worthless family where they all belong - rot with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be too friendly)
