Seriously, I can easily stomach a lot on the screen of blood, gore and rejection, but what really makes this movie disturbing and unpleasant to see is how the doctor's character continues to fall over the physical damage done to raped women. He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby", speaks of broken uterus, dry intercourse, and massive amounts of reddish (?) Sperm as they are the most common minor disorders in the medicine world. That said, "Incubus" is an ultimate BIG horror effort. It's not necessarily terrible ?? although not very good, not ?? but just as weird. The confused and incoherent script is primarily about the hunt for an arbitrator of flesh and blood (although the title clearly indicates the inclusion of a supernatural being), and it never seems to stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially the most important ones, come across sympathy and for some unexplained reasons they all seem to keep dark secrets. The aforementioned doctor has an odd interpretation of daughter love and behaves as if he is a suspect himself, the city's sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be in a constant state of drunkenness and does not even seem to worry about who is holding rape and kill The women in his district are the female reporter just as strange for words, and Galens (an old witch and her grandson) are simply creepy. All of them desperately try to solve the mystery of who or what exactly destroys the urban women who reproduce organs. The sequences are based on the rapes and the murders are admirably atmospheric and the evil acts themselves are bloody and disturbing. Basically, these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too unsympathetic for "Incubus" to be a really good movie. There are also quite a few boring parts to fight yourself through (like pictures of a Bruce Dickinson concert!) And the usually very reliable John Hough's direction is almost imperceptible. The final shot, however, is effectively nightmare. For me personally, "Incubus" was a little disappointed, but there are still more reasons to recommend this weird piece of early 80's scare to open song fantasies.
