A young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) are relaxing on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing practical jokes on each other. Mandy hides in an old worn-out cabin, she is attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her after hearing her screams, but is killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after Sam's wife. Sam is called to action by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He performs the autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for her horrible injuries. Shortly after, a curator at the local museum named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports the events and suggests to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years earlier. Several rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile, Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has had weird dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with the horrible acts. Tim's history and tombs in the cities say that Sam is convinced of the existence of a being known as an Incubus - a form-changing demonic entity that exists only to reproduce! Directed by John Hough this is a seriously boring horror movie. The manuscript of George Franklin based on the novel by Russell Russell is slowly said. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and it ends with one of the most boring no cases of a twist-end I've ever seen and frustrating that it just finished suddenly. As the story looms at the snails' pace, there are a few rapes, but no one appears on the screen. There is only one great scene in the whole movie. The monster itself is only shown at the end and has all three short scenes. Everything about this film production is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. The action is boring and you don't feel or care about anyone. Check out the scene in the autopsy room, where you can see boommen several times at the top of the screen. The kind of garbage movie that makes you forget within a day. A real waste of time, not annoying.
