Stephen King is generally known for morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, in the end, you feel sad for the characters or situations they were put through ... here you just feel depressed. The movie has a good feel for it (in the beginning), with the family moving to the country and cruel old Fred Gwyne greeting and warning them about the pet cemetery, but this plot leads nowhere. It starts with so much potential, but ultimately it loses the potential to be a good scary movie and becomes corny, extremely stupid and ultimately depressing. Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage, and their cat moving to a new home in Maine. They are warned by the loony farmer's neighbor Jud (Fred Gwyne) about the local pet's cemetery and how it is cursed. Louis thinks nothing about this and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. He buries it at the damned cemetery, and it comes back to life, constantly raising the family and want to be alone. One day, the baby Gage runs out and gets driven over and killed by a truck, and Louis knows he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage returns to life, he has changed and wants to murder. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King's non-translational works, I blame the directors and scriptwriters. In this case, Mr. King writer, but I will blame him for his terrible story. At the end, it is so pointless, and although it is not random, the premise is ridiculous. A little boy comes back from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a little scalpel, and not just that, but he manages to lift their bodies and in one case carry a body from the ground to the ceiling (?) I know that this is not put into reality, but seriously, how stupid can it get? The scene where Louis injects his deceased, now lives again cat to kill it, is oddly sad, because the cat did not deserve this. All it did was go around thinking about your own business, and he killed it. The scene in which he injects his own infant is almost unbearable. Not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is just awful to think about. After being injected, Gage staggers went drunk before they fell dead .... why should they make a movie ending with a child's death? But ... even worse, the real ending of those movies involving Louis, burying another (not giving away who) in the cemetery after Gage kills them .... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King this horrible story, and why was it made for a movie? It's depressing and meaningless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * Out of ****. 90 minutes. R of violence.
