This movie is a Pia Zadora special! When I looked at it, I was reminded of the classic cartoon showing a Hollywood starlet; in urgent need of another role, but afraid of being typecast for 'B' movie or soft porn roles; who says at her casting session "Well, of course, I usually do not have roles that require nudity, but if it is artistically necessary for the movie ...............". This feedback gave a very scary picture of a similar cartoon showing Pia at such a session, saying: "Of course, I usually do not take roles that require actual action, but if it really does give me enough exposure to improve my status as a sex symbol .................. ". This is probably grossly unfair, the rather bad story being the cause of Harold Robbin's book; Given the nature of history, Pia exposures certainly do not receive undesirable attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won a play in the butterfly) has deliberately sat down instead of attempting to act in an almost irreversible role. Critics usually first point to the actors as the problem when a movie turns out to be disappointing, but it is grossly unfair; The scriptwriters and the director are far more often the guilty parties. The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the manuscript, like the original book, seeks sensation rather than matter, and nothing can help with this. The play for this movie is immense, but if the story could have been filmed more successfully with a better script, then direct and truly competent acting must remain a matter of personal judgment. As it was released, my viewer assessment of it would depend on whether I assess my personal opinion or assess the extent to which the film succeeds in delivering what it intends to do. My personal rating for that would be two out of ten; But to some extent, this film probably gives exactly what the sponsors intend, and judged on this basis, a quality rating of four out of ten would be reasonable. To be in a charity mood and to make it clear that I do not owe Pia for my disappointment, I will give an IMDb rating of four.
