The memory banks for most of the reviewers here must be short-circuited when trying to remember this gem of Cubic Zirconia, because almost everyone managed to misquote Lloyd Bochner's Walter Thornton when, in a shameful anger, throwing the false garden nozzle at his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton (an almost comatose Pia Zadora) who was used to attacking her earlier in the movie ... but I come in front of myself. In any case, poor Lloyd could have beaten that line on the speechless audience as much as he was his intended co-star. <br /> <br /> Hard as it is for most of us to believe, especially these days, no one in Hollywood sets off to do a bad movie. This is certainly not the most prudent argument to make as it just seems so strange that many of them come out. But then again there is the kind of movie one has to imagine at the time of his creation, from writing, casting and direction, must have been cursed by the cinematic equivalent of trying to shoot during March. <Br /> <br /> LONELY LADY is in that category and represents very well considering the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in a recipe that guarantees to produce a monumental fallen soufflé: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress, so determined to be taken seriously, that she would assume almost everything that could put her off each other this movie made it safe!); a somewhat high-profile novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (by CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST fame); a caste that probably thought they were fortunate enough to work at all, trying to play this boy as if it were Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who was more than likely a hired gun who kept the pipe moving just to collect a paycheck (and was probably contractually obliged NOT to demand the use of 'Alan Smithee's moniker to protect what was left of his reputation.) Like Lamont Johnson's LIPSTICK, Meir Zarchi, I track on your grave, Roger Vadim's BARBARELLA, Paul Verhoeven's SHOWGIRLS, or the grandmother of really bad filmmaking, Frank Perry's MOMYY DEAREST, LONELY DADY is still often discussed (normally with disgust, disbelief, scared laughter or a unique combination of all three, but also tolerates dissection, description or even Holzelweird's prompts logic. No one is sure how it was, how ever it was released in a single theater, or why it is still here and almost impossible to get rid of, but take it or leave it, it is here to stay. And I don't think that lovers of really good BAD movies would have it in any other way.
