Paul Armstrong is a liberal Scottish-born legal professor at Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, employed to take the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida who has been convicted of rape and murder of Joanie Shriver. eleven year old white girl. Earl claims that his confession to the crime was achieved by the force of a sadistic police officer and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who is already under death sentence for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on death row and hopes to persuade him to confess to Joanie's murder and thereby save Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> First, things are going well. The Sullivan announces, and Earl is released from prison when the Court of Appeal revokes its conviction. Since this development only takes place a little after halfway through the film, at this point, alarm clocks are beginning to ring in the viewer. "Warning! Major plot twist ahead!" And that proves it. The expected twist will soon materialize. Earl, it turns out, is actually guilty of the crime for which he was just acquitted, and probably also by several others, but dressed up a devilish plan with Sullivan to secure his freedom. Sullivan will confess Joanie's murder if Earl will murder his parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted his parents to die is never exactly explained). Armstrong now finds himself in danger from the man whose life he has just saved; Earl has reluctance for Armstrong's wife, even a lawyer who acted as a lawyer in an earlier case when Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of the auto-cannibalism that Hollywood sometimes enjoys pampering, cobbling together a movie by reusing themes and plot units from a number of others. The first half owes an obvious debt to films like "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; the only difference is that the sheriff who beats a confession from Bobby Earl himself is black, while in previous films he would have been white. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity). The central twist of the plot was borrowed from the Costa-Gavra's "Music Box", although in that film there is no revelation to the end. The final, in which a lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are at risk from a previous client, is a manifest plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear", which also take place in the South American coast. Ed Harris's characterization of Sullivan as a Bible-quoting religious maniac is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in the Scorsese version of "Cape Fear", which was made four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> (There is a postscript. Just like "Just Cause" borrowed heavily from several other movies, seven years later, its central plot was twisted in turn plagiarized in the Ashley Judd "High Crimes" vehicle). <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie-making-city style is that the resulting movies are generally much less prominent than those who inspired them. The whole is usually much smaller than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller film than any of those cannibalized to do so. Harris is usually a gifted actor, but it is one of his weakest performances, largely because he doesn't play so much a character as playing the Niro with Max Cady. Blair Underwood is OK as Bobby Earl the (supposedly) innocent young man in the early stages, but not convincing as Bobby Earl the later murderous psychopath. Sean Connery like Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black sheriff are pretty much better, but neither is it good enough to save the movie. (Connery and Harris were to act together in another, better movie, "The Rock" the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal "issue" film, anti-death penalty, anti-racist and critical for heavy-handed police. The second half looks more like a drowsy reactionary's work and proclaims the message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to deal with them is to steal them in the chair that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots in criminal brotherhood, and that police officers who beat up suspects, to be praised as heroes. The filmmakers seem to have been blissfully unaware that plot twisted randomly introduced in the middle of their movie had the (presumably undesirable) effect of reversing its political stance, or if they were aware of the problem, they ignored it. An appropriate envelope plot was apparently more important than political consistency. 4.10
