Now you have it, another disillusionment in my account. Two, actually! First of all, I have never heard of Joseph W. Sarno before I even think of myself that I know a little about the 70's euro use and its most productive contributors. Here's a guy who made over seventy-one rancid and cult-loaded movie and I haven't seen one! How? Why? What happened here? Secondly, and even worse, when you think you've found a new source of unclear cult movies, the director's most famous and supposed "masterpiece" turns out to be an irreceptibly boring and annoying movie. It is true that lesbian vampire films constitute a rather insignificant subgenre as a whole, but some of them bathe in vicious atmosphere and curious sensuality (such as José Larraz's "Vampires" or Harry Kümmel's "Daughters of Darkness"). Joseph Sarno's movie has nothing to offer, except for the abundance of free naked and even it gets boring quite quickly. The events take place in a secluded old castle, hidden deep in the German mountains, where five centuries ago lived a malicious and bloodthirsty (literally) baroness. Her loyal disciples still throw naked dance parties into the catacombs of the castle, which are lit by penis-shaped candles ?? AUCH, and hope to revive the baroness any time now. Suddenly (don't even ask how) the castle is filled with young and sexy female guests, so even more erotic rites follow. Sounds delicious and entertaining enough, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a massive number of sequences that do nothing properly and where the throwing members' ignorant facial expressions are simply impenetrable! Sarno is not able to create excitement or build a gothic atmosphere (or perhaps he just hasn't disturbed) and the actors' capacity is limited to standing in front of the camera topless and pulling a truly pathetic face. Please do yourself a favor: No matter how desperate you strive to see all the lurid lesbian vampire movies from the 70's, this is not worth the penny! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this dud.
