Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, as it is more widely known by English speaking audiences, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) checking out places for her new movie along with his assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day, Laura is relaxing in the bath in her room when two very dubious characters named Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) burst in and kidnap her after being helped by the treacherous Jane. Laura's agent gets the fan to hire a hero Peter Weston (Al Cliver), who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island and requires a 6 million ransom. Peter is told he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely and another 10% of the 6 million if he also brings it back, faster than a rat in a drainpipe Peter and his Vietnam Know the buddy helicopter pilot Jack is on the island and decide how to save Laura. So the kidnappers have Laura & Peter have the 6 million, but will not hand them over as much. Just to complicate things further, this particular isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell in all the generations they have lived there, they have only managed to build a straw hut, now it's primitive) that worships some cannibal monster friends Altman) with undulating eyes like a God with human sacrifices and this cannibal has a taste for young, white female flesh & gut ... This Spanish, French and German co-production was written and written together directed by the productive Jesus Franco, who also gets the credit for the music. Sexo Cannibal has gained some fame here in England when it was placed on the "Video Nasties" list in the early 80s during the alternative Devil Hunter title and therefore officially classified as obscene and banned, saying that I have no idea why, as it is a bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid of being associated with a turkey, decides he will hide under Clifford Brown's pseudonym. I could imagine that the most deadly Franco fan would have difficulty defending this thing. The manuscript of Franco, pity, I think Clifford Brown & Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who of course was someone less than impressed with the finished product and wished his name was removed, is terrible. It's as simple and straightforward as that. For a start, the movie is so boring that it is untrue, the kidnapping plot is one of the stupidest I have ever seen without the slightest excitement or excitement involved & the group's side of things doesn't get better as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over big bloodshot eyes plus two tame cannibal scenes. As a horror file Sexo Cannibal fails & as an action adventure it has no more success. This is one to avoid. Director Franco shows his usual incompetence through, a decapitated head is achieved by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try and give the impression it's not attached to anything! Cannibal scenes are poor, the action is lame and it has endless scenes of people randomly walking around in the jungle coming from 'A' to 'B' and doing nothing when they get there either. It will be incredibly boring and boring to look for approx. 10 minutes and do not forget that this is going on for 94 minutes in the unused state. I must also mention the hilarious scene when Al Cliver has to climb a rock, this is achieved by Franco turning his camera on his side and having Cliver crawl along the floor! Just look at the way his coat hangs and the way he never intervenes on something he just pulls together! Gore is not that big and as far as euro cannibal movies go this is very tame, there are some rough close ups of the cannibals mouth as it chews pieces of meat, a man is impaled on spikes, there is some blood and a handful of intestines. There is a lot of nudity in Sexo Cannibal & an unpleasant rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have had a low budget and I think low. This is a scary badly made movie with terrible special effects and rock bottom production values. The only decent thing about it is the jungle option which at least looks authentic. The music sucks and sound effects become annoying, as there is plenty of heavy breathing when the cannibal is on display. The action sucks, the whole thing was obviously baptized anyway, but no one in this thing can act. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a horrible movie that commits the deadly mistake to be as boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that it has a certain sleazy atmosphere for it, and the close-ups of the cannibal meat are quite gross. Anyone seeking a decent movie experience should give Sexo Cannibal as wide a quay as possible, one to avoid.
