Back in the days before Toxic Avenger tried the low-camp king by Troma Films to take the high (OK, slightly smaller road) way to produce just slasher pictures. I would like to believe that displaying the results here is what convinced them to give up all the regret and go to self-conscious parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another movie for the masochists in the audience. As it winds through two separate throws and countless meaningless subplots, it actually becomes painful to see. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> Having learned that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the action moves to a Catholic university (I can't remember the name, but in honor of the title, let's call it St. splatter). The students are noisy and hungry, and argue beautifully with each other, slackers ahead of their time. Meanwhile, the new professor, Julie Parker, is showing complete incompetence on her job. The children deal with relationships, adultery, unwanted pregnancies, lecherous priests, and how to avoid doing any class work; Julie deals with a creepy girlfriend, the inflexible administration at St. Splatter, advise unwanted mothers and the shiny, expressionless looks of her students. None of that means a darn thing or is solved in any meaningful way. Oh, and every time a POV shot comes together and puts one of the girls to death, but don't hold back to wait for it. There is a Red Herring Killer, and then an unfortunate anticlimatic confrontation with Real Killer, then back to asylum and role credits. The slow pace and numerous inane subplots seem almost calculated to create an increasing sense of frustration in the viewer, which is helped along with choppy editing, coffee-can sound quality and dialogue that just doesn't make sense. And the most disturbing thing about this movie is the murderers' fixation on women - the men in this movie are just so meritorious. I had paid good money to see some of the jerk with the pregnant girlfriend or lunkhead Lothario who was fooled around with her boyfriend's roommate or any of the creepy priests. There is no justice.
