Colleges, High Schools, Associations and Sororities have been the most popular stalking reasons for maniacal madmen since the slasher cycle first became a popular cinema culture in the late 70s. Even backwoods cottages and campsites have rode shotgun to the amount of massacres that have taken place on campus since Halloween categorized the genre as a cool horror category. From early posts and to everyone a good night right up to the big budgeted titles like Urban Legend or Schools Out, there has always been a campus slasher who sneaks somewhere in the tube. Despite being busy with Troma - titans of B movie badness ?? Splatter University was heavily panned after release and has never really found an audience. Even infamous hack and slash sites like HYSTERIA LIVES have written off Richard Haines' splatter yarn as one of the worst of the early eighties boom. I am always approaching criticism film optimistically because there is often the chance that some bad reviews may be unfairly contagious as a dose of the flu that cuts the verdict of particular writers. It traditionally begins at a place where every madman deserves his salts. Have you guessed it ?? an insane asylum! It appears that one of the inmates has decided that he is dissatisfied with the level of service at the institution, and therefore he seeks to take his business elsewhere. The invisible emergency tool makes his break after hitting an unfortunate order, where the sun certainly does not shine. Of course, he favors the murdered worker's sense of dress so he has the freedom to borrow his uniform, blood-colored pants and all! <br /> <br /> Three years later, we are transferring to St Trinians College, an educational institution run by Catholic priests. A teacher is busy after hours marking her students work when suddenly there is a knock at the door. Before she has a chance to find out what the invisible visitor wants, he sticks her in the chest with a kitchen knife and she falls to the floor in a bloody pile. This of course means that there is a vacancy at the university, and then we are introduced to Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), the gracious replacement for the newly-deceased speaker. It appears that her arrival has inadvertently given the inhabited madman all the motivation he needs to go on an unblocked butcher thon. Before long, both students and teachers like flies fall into the camera shy threat as he stalks the corridors and local areas armed with an unusually large blade. Suspect suspects are abundant, but can Professor Parker solve the mystery of the campus killer before she becomes another statistic? <br /> <br /> I'm not sure how many versions of this movie are available. The British modified video was released under the alias Campus Killings, but the American copy I own says it's the complete unedited edition, which may mean there is a censored print that floats around a place? I would be pretty surprised if that was the case, as Splatter University is certainly not as gore as the hyperbolic packaging would make you believe. One or two liters of corn syrup is certainly not up to the gorehound study when compared to Blood Rage or Pieces, so in this case the film is somewhat overheated. One thing that many critics have failed to mention is the charming leading performance of Francine Forbes, who ends up wearing the whole picture on her shoulders during 79 minutes of playing time. Despite the hilarious direction of Richard Haines, she still reveals a magnificent potential that should have led to the chance of another staff seriously looking into a more accomplished helmet. Unfortunately, the opportunity had never come, and the bottom of the barrel bombs like Death Ring and Splitz certainly did not help raise a talent that could be dramatically improved during the real scholarship. The rest of the cast members were couples for the film haze, especially wooden board teenagers, who for some strange reason acted as if they were auditioning for a remake of fat or hikers. The moss's standard point and shooting direction could not have helped to create great confidence in the project, and the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the eerie handling of the scriptwriter, effectively left the feature endless. Perhaps the only claim for originality found in Haines' slasher is the brave attempt at the contrasting conclusion. Let's just say it's not a final one I expected to witness in a movie so typical of the bike. <br /> <br /> At one point in the maturity, one teenager says, "Man that Parker drills me to tears?" The same can be said for Splatter University, which never lifts the pace of slow motion. With that said, Francine Forbes made a lovely screaming queen and undoubtedly one that I would have paid to look again in a similar role. Then it basically summarizes this un-trom- tising tour. Slowly paced, shoddy but still strangely elongated; You have to be especially forgiving to give it a try ??
