I bought BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks without knowing what it was and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of the fragile European horror movies that has almost no redeeming quality except to be thoroughly entertaining for all the bad reasons. The opening alone was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle, where she was to help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, experimenting with dead tissue. On the way to the castle 1) a man is trying to rape Ivanna. 2) Slot's housekeeper struggles with her. 3) The girl wants her death. 4) And finally Baron Dalmar almost jumps on her and wants her out the next day. Hmm ... something tells me she's not welcome. With such a miserable arrival, you would think that Ivanna would leave the place in a NY minute, but no, like so many great trashy movies, our "headstrong" heroine decides to sit and even enjoy a candlelight dinner with it grumpy Baron the same eventful day. The intro is so manageable (it's even bigger than the memorable first few minutes of the Canadian movie JUNIOR) that I knew I would enjoy it. <br /> <br /> But the fun doesn't end there. Ivanna repeatedly repeats when she goes to bed at night to wake up only from unconsciousness, naked, tied and tortured in mild sessions by S&M by an invisible man. Even after experiencing these nocturnal S&M sessions, Ivanna remains in the castle, convinced by the evil Baron, that what she is experiencing is nothing but dreams. Expected, even after being treated so badly from the go, Ivanna, falls in love with the baron. Ivanna completely ignores something negative about him, including the obvious fact that dour Baron is popular among the young ladies. All the women in the castle (it seems that only women work there) are in love with the miserable chump who doesn't mind exploiting the beautiful young things. Things get even more fun as someone lurks in the yard and kills (and has killed) women. Basically, Baron's physically disfigured brother, Igor, is responsible for everything. In a very long-running scene, Brother Baron warns that he should not get too involved with Ivanna, or he will suffer the consequences. So what does the Baron and Ivanna do about this? Well, of course they get married! During the very short marriage ceremony, Baron is shot by one of the evil locals (father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not detract from Ivanna, who amidst all the dead young ladies and torture around them happily wounding Baron that "it's just a sore wound" and the two can continue and enjoy their honeymoon at the castle where the killer / rapist the torture brother is. It all goes quickly into a nightmare love triangle of sorts, between Ivana, Baron and Igor. Blame all about love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you get the idea: subtle it is not. Almost everything is over-the-top ridiculous in this movie, and when it's not OTT, as the predictable climax, things get boring. But for the most part of the movie, the director or author discovers in an illogical, horrific moment after the second. I really love these kind of movies, all as weird as being hit over the head by a sledgehammer and populated by characters that behave illogically. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD realize this, and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue from the duplicate movie that is infinitely looped. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are beautifully risible. Opening and closing credits, with these lights and red curtains ... ah, a soupçon of the class. The music sometimes sounds like something from a Tim Burton movie that only increases the oddity of it all. And most of these kinds of movies when the young ladies take their clothes, they just ask to be killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie I consider this a 2, but as a "it's so bad it's good" movie, I rate it a solid 8 stars. If you enjoy sweet movies, please see it here. It's a must see. The only thing left for me to consider: What would it have been for the woman to get out of that freaking slot?
