(various spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for his very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who usually doesn't irritate the dick's out of me. No, it would certainly be Gene Kelly. There is something about his screen staff who are too ambitious and focused on him to be convincing as a barren artist in Paris who is able to set off for indefinite critics, frolicking with young children and old ladies and painting on streets. That was what made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and other films where he played ambitious, focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is somehow a cousin of Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another Lerner story with Kelly miscast as an American on the loose who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who illuminates its virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as sympathetic as even poor dazed Tommy. This is another fake thing about this movie. Jerry is sometimes a cad to Milo, and even worse for Lise. When he first sees the latter in a club, he pulls a dirty trick to make her dance with him. When she sits down again, he pulls a smoother dirty trick to get her phone number. When he calls her the next day, she hangs on him, which he takes as a signal to get into her workplace. And throughout this it is obvious that she doesn't want anything with him. When she starts laughing at her jokes in the perfume business, it's as credible as Milo's interest in her paintings. Of course he is beautiful and playful, but why should it swing her when she has Henri, who seems like a gentleman to start? <br /> <br /> Admittedly, it comes out so uncomfortably, partly because of the actor. If a role like Lise was played, says Judy Garland, she would burn Jerry with indignant insults and glares. If she was played by Cyd Charisse, you would admire her gut. But when she is played by first-time Leslie Caron, she looks and acts like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result, Jerry just seems like a crib. And why did they choose these other actors (though I personally would have solved those things by changing the lead) when the whole story depends on the romance of these two young poor lovers who frighten their love-less commitments to older rich people? Not only is Gene Kelly a few years over Guetary and Foch, he's old enough to be Aaron's father. <br /> In short, I think everything would have been improved by casting some young comedy-relief dances like Jerry, the kind that usually came up in musical supporting roles ... eg Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL TOWN GIRL. Maybe not necessarily them, but someone like them. Someone who could have hunted Lise and made the seemingly harmless legend; someone who would have been really fond of living in the Chaplinesque hole in the wall; a person whose humor and naivete would have opposed better with Oscar Levant's sarcastic grumpiness. It would probably also have made the ballet seem less important. And it could have given a voice that could better sing Gershwin. <br /> <br /> All this may give the impression that I don't like Gene Kelly. I like him. He was amazing in most of his films, just not this one (good and a few others). Neither do I despise AAIP; it has good points, just like the art direction. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her inexperience, is pretty charming and really looks like she just got out of a painting. Georges Guetary does a good job and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended up with SOMEBODY. But not Jerry Mulligan. I didn't want it on her.
