NB: Spoilers inside. Of course, assigning an artistic director to an operational production means that you get a piece of the director's mind. But managing a Wagner opera is a particularly difficult task, as he might have been the most explicit opera composer on how things should look and how they should unfold. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg loads this recording of "Parsifal", Wagner's last masterpiece, with enough foreign ideas to make it almost jump into the seams. You get more than a piece of the director: you get the whole fat hog and then some. Syberberg must be admired for his penchant for tearing the covers back to the inferior aspects of German history. But does it seem to preach the desire for a Wagner opera that is already afraid of its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes of knights of holy grasses in actions I and III are particularly burdened with visual allegory and symbolism. These are drawn coming from Wagner's own time, from long before, and go far beyond. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily improve Wagner's vision); If you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, if not annoying. I do not want to interfere with the excavation of the opera here. Suffice it to say that it is a typical wagneric synthesis of various elements, in this case a mixture of the Holy Grail legend with the principles, practices and side pressures of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays a major role here, as in almost all Wagner operas. I had to personally sweat to get through Syberberg's first act (in the midst of my devastating acclimatization stored the music day). But Law II picks up the pace. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil wizard, to catch up with the wandering "innocent fool" Parsifal. The biggest seductive of them all, Kundry, will be used to lure him to the dark side. After a first dalliance with several symbols, these are removed and the long, beautiful, transforming duet between young stupid and temptress really goes off. Finally, the film begins to work a real magic, and it is mainly due to Syberberg's choice to put things natural and simple. Suddenly the play begins to work (the expressive actor Edith Clever and Yvonne Minton's team soprano to create a wonderful Kundry); Suddenly the music seems to come to life and make the two characters' inner turmoil alive. The camera's work remains simple and quiet. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his own terms. And it works beautifully. For me it was the most enchanting part of the movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, with the re-entry of knights in Part 2 of Law III, the strange alien symbols creep back. Some other luney Syberberg ideas: using a large Wagner death mask as a large set piece (causing the component's protruding proboscis to awaken comically); dressing Act III knights in all kinds of costumes, wigs and makeup (what does the instructor say? The knights are a bunch of buffoons? That they express multiple or timeless layers of importance beyond their surface features? It's some guesses); the insertion ?? right after the incredibly touching baptism of Kundry at Parsifal ?? of the rear projection film of the conductor's exercise, in modern realism, his orchestra in the studio (this was totally in my dramatic thread and required a few minutes to regroup); The complete avoidance of having ever passed between the actions II and III (when we meet the knight and the narrator Gurnemanz again, he was to be an old old man, and Parsifal was to re-emerge as a world-consuming but wiser medieval-aged man); But surely, the most bizarre stroke is to split the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some find this the most brilliant stroke. Without a doubt I can credit Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2" with strength and dignity (she is also the best loading synchronizer of the whole cast). But please ... Wagner's view of Parsifal is already so complex. His growth from a completely innocent boy who does not know anything about his past, to his breakthrough understanding in Law II of what Amforta's eternal wounds mean, and how it has become his own, to his return as the great Redeemer of Law III? This is the journey of a masterfully constructed character. The bi-sexual weight is just gimmicky and absurd. (And what's with this rubbish about a homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can't we just accept a mentor / apprentice relationship that is wonderfully turned into Act III?) The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (though the choir is disappointing). But after watching this movie I only wanted to whip my solti-led recording (highly recommended) and get my wagon rentals right again. The movie experience for me ranged from bizarre to entertaining to infuriating. For Syberberg's credit, he has created a visually arresting job, and he certainly offers a unique recording on an important opera. But instead of sticking to "Parsifal", he seems to have wanted to include all things Wagnerian: the man, life, the tremendous influence ... all in raw symbolic code. The "Parsifal" opera is already full of heavy symbolism: Grail, Spear, Sacred Sacrament, Baptism, Amfortas Bleeding Wounds, Clan's Insanity, Kiss, Curse of Cravings, and again and again. This is not to mention the * musical * symbolism that constantly stems from the score, in the form of Wagner's search motive system. "Parsifal" itself is a great symbol! To get back to my first paragraph question, Syberberg's whole pig is too much for me. But if this project sounds like something to tickle your fancy, go for it. I would not recommend just staying away from this; You can find yourself warmly satisfied. Or if you need something to crack your Wagner barrier, try it ... but please don't stop here. "Parsifal" is in a late, very mature league.
