Recap: According to legend Valkyrie Brunhilda defied Odin and was chained to a stone surrounded by an eternal fire. Only a warrior in the heart can pass through the flames, free Brunhilda and release her from Odin's demands and have her to herself. Now the war breaks in the Norwegian countries, and the king needs an alliance with the berserks. The Berserks are warriors argued by Odin's valkries, lusting for war, blood and flesh, and therefore excluded, but superior in battle. Berserk's leader is a despised son of the king, children, and his praise for the alliance is his brother, the future king, Barek. But after the king's victory in battle, he refuses to give up his only remaining son, breaking his oath into game and betraying him and killing him. Children are only saved by Barek's call to Odin. But this is just the start of the fight between the brothers, and their final battle is starting now, millennia later ... Comments: I had hoped that this would be a movie based on some Viking tables, too little quality film about Viking has become done. It also started very well with detailed long ships and armor, fine and appropriate sceneries and an OK match. The foundation of the Aesir myths is thin and seems to be very broken for me. Odin is much more revengeful, annoyed and absent than I remind him of school, and the falcons have been transformed into some vampire demons. I'm not an expert, but it seems completely wrong. <br /> <br /> But the fatal error in this movie is moving the timing from the original time period to today. If the two brothers had fought it in the right time, with some decent fighting, this movie would have been much better. Now the setting has suddenly changed to today's Stockholm. Odin is still present and sends Boar and his berserkers to Brunhilda and Barek, who give stupid scenes when armor-dressed and painted berserkers sword birds with Barek among the industries. Beautiful mountains and forests have been exchanged for cement. And when one was allowed to focus on single games instead of massive battles as in the beginning, I quickly saw that the actors' struggles and skills are slow and clumsy. The end result is thin story, sometimes difficult to follow and other times just stupid, and the only thing that can save it, the action, is drawn by slow, dull and clumsy swordbirds. It draws very little from the Aesir myth or the Viking tradition. Thus, both history and action fails, and the film is simply poor. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie is a bit confusing as a Swedish one. Probably filmed entirely in South Africa, it still contains some well-known Swedish characters, plates and what seems to be an authentic police car. However, the effort is poor and goes only so far that you really put it in Sweden. No names are Swedish (perhaps with Anya as an exception), no known sceneries are Swedish, they (supposedly) speak a little (old?) Norwegian, not Swedish. And uniforms, both police and medical, are clearly not Swedish. If they didn't even try to do it right - and really give it the illusion that it's set in Sweden, why bother it at all? <br /> <br /> 4/10
