I am fully aware of the fact that there is no statistical data that easily supports the link between video games and violence in reality. The film is fake and false because it is in contradiction to itself, which I tried to emphasize in my original review. The movie fails, not necessarily because I really believe these kids were influenced by video games, but because the movie creates it as "random" and doesn't follow through. Let me clarify. In Aileen: The life and death of a serial killer, you can see her claim to the police and the radio waves are ridiculous, but she's so worried she really thinks they're true. However, the viewer can make the distinction. In Zero Day, the two children say how they are not affected by any environment, which is obviously false, as all they contradict it. Neo-Nazism talking about going on CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous, not just because they know his name, but it is a shameless attempt by the filmmaker to cover his bad movie). This film does not depict 'reality', it shows nothing but obedience to prove a point. Unfortunately, you fell into the bait and didn't see it, nor did you pick it up from my review. The whole movie just takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it to something "real life" hoping to validate and it fails, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the movie is wrong and doesn't support it. Of course, I don't think children playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I don't fail, there was no videotape of Columbine kids (or some teen kill killers) firearms in the forest that claimed how much they saw or acted as weapons in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is that children are most likely aware of the media, influenced, but of course balanced or intelligent enough that it is not even a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really believe there is a connection, but because the film producer does not know what he is trying to say and the film does more to disprove his point, it supports. It's almost as if the new ratings given to video games made anyone disturbed so they came up with 'Zero Day' in retaliation. If you want to see the 'mindless' teen kittens theory drawn from the right, see Bully.
