This review applies to the cut of the film, which is generally available as "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand there is an unknown version out there with further footage, and I hope it contained at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing from the cut known as "Wolf of Wolfman". In short, the movie makes absolutely no sense at all. It is completely nonsense and unimaginable nonsense on it. Waldemar Daninsky, the venerable Lycantropic antihero, which Paul Naschy exhibited in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal guy who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow it has made him a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, scientist and instructor on what seems to be a college. One of his female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a nonsense word that refers to a bunch of wires attached to a victim's head. Ellman believes that this will enable her to "change the direction of the human brain," which, of course, allows her to control the world, provided she can get us all connected to these leads without problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also into werewolves because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to his hidden lab. She has a lot of other people caught there too. Some of them resemble gypsies, and are linked together in different ease modes. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that someday she might "help them be human again" (?), But in the meantime, she checks them with her chemo nodes. Waldemar becomes his hairy hitman, wandering around like a werewolf zombie - that's until the filmmakers decide to use another Naschy werewolf movie, "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (don't ask), where Naschy's werewolf's cuts change significantly and he wonders like an animal. <br /> <br /> Is this something reasonable? None? Well. It is the film's saving grace. It does not attempt to engage you in any intellectual level, it just goes full speed ahead with whatever nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie set it can muster up. "Wolfman's rage" may be the best Halloween movie ever. You absolutely do not need to be aware of it, and in fact if you do, you will be completely confused.
