I saw this little magnum opus for the first time recently on one of the dollar DVDs that seems to be everywhere today, and was so moved by it that I can't contain myself. For those who have never seen this fascinating miserable Mexican import and want to see it without being harmed by others' horrified comments, there are undoubtedly significant spoilers below. So, if you are one of those ruthless individuals, stop reading immediately and go see it yourself. If you are filled enough in advance, you may be lucky to pass before it is over. Begin with the premise that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the film ventures an explanation of how this kind of implantation of cross species could occur, and the rest of the film is even more hopelessly obscene. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you drink) and let's continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) looks like a man struggling with toothache in a city where only the dentist has traded his supply of Novocaine for a case of cheap whiskey and has been full since. (Isn't he the lucky one?) Nasky's facial expression never varies, whether in or out of makeup, and apparently no one gave him any coaching on how to act as a werewolf. Occasionally he tries to imitate Lon Chaney Jr. crouch, but most of the time he simply jumps around in his black mafia shirt, like another cool guy with a bit too much facial hair. To be fair, makeup is actually better than the actor inside, but continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's werewolf is the only one I can think of that changes shirts twice in the middle of a prowl. He goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red and then back to black, all in a single, frenzy night. Interestingly enough, he always does Chaney Crouch while it has the red shirt and the cool guy goes under the black shirt. And it is only while he has the red shirt that we see much of the breed indicated in the title. Probably there is something about the red shirt that just brings the animal into him. <br /> <br /> Yet, after being bitten by the cross pollinating yeti, the poor schmuck returns from Tibet to learn that his wife has slept with one of his students. The two illegal lovers are trying to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survives the wreck and makes it at home just in time for a full moon. Then he walks after his wife and her lover again and somehow manages to get electrocuted. But is that enough? Can they leave this agony in peace? Not a chance. He was resurrected by a suspected female researcher with a hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as "The Doctor" (and certainly not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She digs him up and whispers him to his kinky thrower, takes him down to the dungeon, chains him to the wall and gives him a damn good flogging. Probably such a severe indignation should be sufficient to make a little rage to any wolfman. After his two-shirted rampage, our wolfman uses most of the rest of the movie, wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his wanderings he encounters a disturbing incoherent assortment of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a curious inept Phantom of the Opera impersonator (presumably Doctor's father) and a hard-partying cadre of bondage slaves. So what is it about, can you reasonably ask? One gets the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control and involves something the doctor calls "chemotrodes". (Best guess. I really have no idea how it is spelled if there is even such a thing.) Mercifully ending the experiment with failure, and most importantly ending it ... before you have time to gnaw its own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, you don't expect any sense from a movie like this, but at least it should be good for laughs. This one is not. Forget it, buddy. There is a creeping kind of anarchy about this movie, from its patch-together, tequila-drenched atmosphere to its horrible filmography and disturbing musical score that tolerates even the most sozzled attempts to get any MST3K type laugh out of it. If it's not even good for that, what the hell is that good for? If Montezuma's revenge could have been digitally remastered and put on a DVD, it would have looked exactly like this movie.
