"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" is a completely independent story that apparently does not fit into the former Waldemar Daninsky films. Some have commented that this movie should take place before the events "Werewolf Shadow", even though it was released afterwards ... they may be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this movie, Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti-like creature in Tibet (great dialogue here - "It was a yeti. But it's impossible. I'm a scientist and these things don't exist. It was a hallucination. All that. "And even though it is marked by the pentagram, he is able to prevent the change in a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has cheated him. He switches to the animal one night and kills both her and her lover before they run out into a storm and become electrocute. It is not long before he is resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who performs some sort of indispensable experiments with mind control. He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live as chained animals. First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call him, he is a fine actor and cared for passionately about his work. No matter how flawed these movies are, you can always rely on him for a decent performance. The rest of the molding works well enough, but it's hard to tell when they have a half-voice voice-over call over all their lines. And that was really the biggest problem for me ... many of the voice-over artists they used were just awful, horrible, horrible. When I chuckled during the movie, it was in the eerie way that they delivered their lines (they seem to constantly refer to the hero as "Waldeman"). But, unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitles of Naschy movies, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. The management of Jose Maria Zabalza seems like a kind of hit-and-miss ... There are some good visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the last scenes when it really counts. The reason for this was that Zabalza apparently was drunk most of the time while it was on the watch. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogue, used extras without his permission, and split several pictures from Molina's earlier films. All of this ruined almost every chance this movie had been by Molina's best works, and it is not surprising that the two never worked together again. But that's not all bad news, as there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of history make an interesting psychological drama with werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage. "Werewolf as an" idea is one that came back in Molina's later work. Some rather horrible and surreal things go down in the basement, and there is also a very memorable sequence about halfway through the film, where Daninsky runs from house to house through a village, slaughtered or smuggled innocent as he walks - a scene is particularly intense, but it is actually lifted from Molina's first movie, "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" along with a few other shots. In fact, I have found the movie as a whole to be very entertaining, although there are some issues with the Front Row Entertainment version, such as. Quite obvious cuts (although some of it is simply due to the director's lack of continuity). God knows what omissions are - I will probably try to get my hands on the unknown version at some point in the future. <br /> <br /> This is an overall decent piece of vintage Naschy that experienced fans might enjoy, but it could have been much better and then probably wouldn't make a good introduction.
