Spanish horror icon Paul Naschy stars in this, one of his weakest werewolf movies ... but carry with me for a moment. Most people will be familiar with it during their most common television title, WOLF MAN'S FURY, and for many years there have been many home video releases. If you want to be serious about giving it a great shot, but the most useful version I've seen of it, THE WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS is titled, and it's an unfinished and complete European version that restores a couple of disturbing scenes and contains the original naked shots that are missing from FURY's printing. It is also letterboxed. <br /> <br /> Naschy plays Waldemar Daninsky, who returns from a trip to Tibet to find out that he has made a werewolf curse and that his wife has had an affair. He takes care of her and her lover while they are in animal form, but then becomes a guinea pig for a sexy female doctor and her female assistant. Apparently the doctor tries to "tame" the werewolf, and there is a very strange sado-masochistic love scene between her and the hairy and caught Daninsky, who is under her trance, at least in the original version. In the end, we get two werewolves for the price of one, as Daninsky is struggling with a female golf! <br /> <br /> The main problem with the movie is that the director (according to Naschy's claims) was often full and the results are actually quite incoherent. When you see the WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS copy, it is not quite as difficult to find out what is happening, even though editing remains awful in spots. The worst of all is occasionally non-matching footage of Naschy's ravenous werewolf switched directly from another former movie (LA MARC DEL HOMBRE LOBO, also "FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR") and blended into it without any reasonable reason! The wolf's clothes change from black shirt to white and back again, just as his promotional moment goes wolf lethargically in a hypnotic trance from FURY, next time he laughs and runs around wildly from BLOODY TERROR. Really bizarre.
