Waldemar Daninsky (Paul Naschy) travels to Tibet and is bitten by a yeti who makes him become a werewolf. He is accidentally killed after he attacked his cheating wife and her lover and later revived by a female scientist, Dr. Ilona Ermann, who uses him to control control attempts. Daninsky later discovers an underground asylum populated by the bizarre subjects of the doctor's failed experiments. <br /> <br /> After hearing about Naschy's death from colleague Jon Kitley, I held through my collection for a suitable movie to watch. In my scramble, I found that I do not own one, but three (!) Copies of "Wolfman's rage". The film is of questionable video quality, the sound is duplicated in a mediocre way, the cinematography is a kind of slapstick style at times. And the American versions have two love pictures removed. Frankly, without a remastered, indefinite copy, I didn't really get the right movie in all its glory. This film claims to be the fourth in a long series on the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky. I suppose it's true, but you wouldn't know it from the movie itself. The reason is confusing at times, and there is really no sign that this is a successor. If you read the plot listings on Wikipedia and compare them to what is printed on the box, you will see that I am not alone in my confusion. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the film's flaws can be forgiven if we understand the production hell it went through. While it floats for years, it was first released in 1973 because of problems finding a distributor. And Naschy said in his autobiography that the director, Zabalza, was an incompetent alcoholic and that he hated working with him. They are really not easy accusations, and I have no idea what Zabalza had to say on their own. <br /> <br /> Chances are, sooner or later you come across a low-grade version of "Fury of Wolfman". It appears in a series of three packs and box sets so you can accidentally acquire it and not even know it. What really needs to happen is an American uncut version, with a decent sound and video mix, and the love scenes are thrown back. As far as I know, this does not exist. Let us honor Paul Naschy's legacy and bring his film to a wider audience at a level of quality he deserves.
