I honestly had no idea that the notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon the director, not the murdered rapper) was still active in the 80s! I always assumed the delicious, inert "Ants empire" stood as his last masterful achievement in the horror genre, but it was before my dirty little hands stumbled upon an old and dusty VHS copy of "The Coming", a completely unclear and unheard of witchery movie that actually turned out to be a more or less pleasant surprise! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric tale of the late dark ages, soon takes a stupid turn when a villager in 1692 inexplicably transferred to today's Salum, Massachusetts and immediately attacks a girl in the history museum. For you see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman, who was a bona fide evil girl in 1692 and mistakenly accused over twenty people of practicing witchcraft that led to their executions in the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter here and wanted his delayed revenge. But poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl, ?? or is she? "Burned at the Stake" unfolds as a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a bit of "Time Machine" thrown into good measure. The way to go, Bert! The ground becomes miserable and meaningless with every new twist, but at least it never surpasses complete boredom, as is often the case in other modern witchcraft films such as "The Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville Terror". The film runs back and forth between events today and flashbacks from 1692; which keeps it pretty entertaining and fast. The Ann Putman girl is quite a fascinating character reminiscent of the Abigail Williams character in the more commonly known stage game "The Crucible" (also depicted by Winona Ryder in the 1996 picture). There are a few cool death sequences that teach in the cemetery or journalist in the library, committed by the ghost of the ghost who made a pact with Ann Putman and perhaps even the devil himself. The movie becomes rather spastic and completely absurd at the end, but generally there are some good cheesy fun to be. Plus, the least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he certainly builds some directorial skills over the years.
