I have seen thousands of movies and have never written a review, but the Red Eye I witness is so unlike the glowing tribute posted here that I am forced to offer my two cents in protest - and vote at least to bring the average closer to reality. <br /> <br /> This is a boring, boring stink of a movie that is only memorable for its excuses for the terrorists' goals (a John Bolton esquire bullshit diplomat who is really a good guy, you don't know) and it oh-so beautiful and popular Dr. Phil (whose bestselling book you learn is read by frequent airmen all over the world). The only real red eye I saw was rubbing my eyes in disbelief. <br /> <br /> Before you fork out $ 10 or so dollars for this B movie, read the selected 'Quotes (From Trailer)' above and ask yourself if you really want to enjoy a movie where these were the smartest lines to find. Unfortunately, nothing else in this movie is better. The basic premise is foolish as hell; the play is nothing and uninspired, totally lacking in pro / antagonist chemistry; The voltage potential is counteracted at each turn - except for the last five minutes - by poor control and previous editing; the manuscript is riddled with imperfections like: Early revelations of the heroine as a university lacrosse star is in doubt when she later fights the opponent with a field hockey stick; and the plot holes are wider than first class (while character development is strictly coach). And then there are moments of extreme ridicule, as when a senior official's daughter does not head straight to the airport's security at her first opportunity to warn them of a murder plot against both the head of Homeland Security and her father. Or when the same woman runs hell-to-leather along slender linoleum at the airport, arm sprains and blood vessels in the neck have bent while having 4 inch stiletto. Or when her successor is also hunting with a sucking wound in his trachea. Or when terrorists use a fishing rod to retrieve their weapons from the freaking harbor bottom. I'm always willing to suspend disbelief, but I'm not going to jump from 30.00 feet without a parachute. The one good thing I can say about this movie is that it portrays women who are able (even in bimbo form) to deal with the most extreme emergencies - the kind of gender imagery that is lacking in American films. Apart from that, this movie never goes out completely and is no more exciting than the red eyelid from Boston to NY. Remember the last time you were drawn by misleading trailers and glowing tribute - in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the Rødøje video, and don't see it either.
