Wes Craven, you have a laugh ... at our expense. The red-eye plot is exquisite ... We are facing a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl who then turns up at an airport behind her, flirting and talking to her with success way a seat beside her winds a space with two seats, not caught in the middle of a five seater row (contacts at check-in?) and is cheezily nice during a painfully slooooow build. Then once up in the air, in a closed room surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten the vacuum if it is super efficient, Rachel McAdams and says tosh as "we have your father, do what I say or pop it up "Well, forgive me, but if they didn't already have their father for slaughter - so much better before she stepped on the plane and therefore it would not have been oh sooooooo much easier to just tear off the street and terrorize her in a room somewhere, forget about the complicated and insecure father's plot, pull out her nails or whatever, until she made the important 'call' required - or even - that's the movies, and we need a couple of unreal words - Keep the stupid father intact, if you have to, but dress it better so you keep him injured until the rugged plot has finished some sensibly, without the plane dumbdown? Alternatively, without sounding like an actual thinking terrorist / assassin - the massive bazooka mission le thang used has not been easier used on e.g. A car driving down the highway, with the politician inside rather than the 50th. History of a Miami boardwalk hotel, from a fishing boat (think of which we already know is the security of Miami salmon so they go away quickly) ? I know, I know, much more fun going through to see a beautiful girl for 8 weeks, burglary her father's house to steal her wallet (which somehow - star art - is immediately transported from Miami to Texas) to - maybe - get her to make a politician change hotel room and, and, and ... Well, a thousand things could go wrong here, every one destroys the big plane completely, so why not slim down the elements to a sensible handful such as - 1st bazooka. 2nd car. Tree! My 50 minute drive home from the cinema was used to highlight the abundance of bugs and stupid cod-hitchcockian twists, which unfortunately were the best fun of all the sad experience. And in terms of security back in Miami Airport ... we have a seemingly crazy and violent girl running from a plane chased by the police, sitting down to get a cup of coffee, moving elsewhere for the reading a magazine in a bar runs again like crazy up and down the whole terminal ... now also chased by crazy Cillian Murphy (no CCTV then? - I had guns pulled on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds in Miami Airport a few years back). So instead of talking to the police - her allies - or getting on the blower at a call box directly to her father to warn him, his life is in danger, McAdams prefers to steal a People Carrier from a family in the airport apron (calling the damned security ...) and driving home to dad, knocking down the murder with the vehicle in the front yard of the house in a neighborhood in the neighborhood and throwing the front porch in motion - an act that is actually a bit awakens father from an afternoon snooze, after a moment, but which somehow does not register with neighbors who are not even mildly curious, thus ensuring 15 minutes more to hide themselves as the duo runs around the large Hollodeck type house. .. Dohhh, it actually hurts to think about it all - Cillian (surely renamed Silly 'un to do this here?) Turns from the assassin to the comic unheard of human life n ow allows dad to live so he can see his daughter Get her goose cooked. I'd rather stop because the flow of drive I write here must sound like uncoordinated as the red eye script. If McAdams had not been allowed to come on the plane at first, the title could have been changed, from 'Red Eye' to 'No Eye, Dear'. RR
