There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty, but in general it is not very good. Limited animation as well as sub standard character and background design will limit its mass market appeal. The cartoon character looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim Possible, (Brendan, the protagonist of this also carries an eerie resemblance to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible) The background design goes as far and wide as it goes from being bland and depressing to stylish and sharp, but according to today's standards, it is generally still poor and cheap. Many of the backgrounds resembled only Eastern European or Nordic animation from the mid-80s, but it was fine in its own way, but for modern kindergarten, CG slug fests and talked dogs with each piece of fur on their body that swung in the wind. sure to disappoint. The story is also not overly engaging, and many of the voters are not overly impressive, notably the normally brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be in his part. There are also a few secondary characters facing as a little cliché and stereotypically racist. Some of the characters, however, are good, the Viking bad guys, even though they are underused, are well-finished and are especially foreboding in both appearance and sound. There is a moment that involves the protagonist, and his mentor is rescued by the Wolves from a viking attack that is very nicely composed. The look also seemed to be greatly inspired by the movie Watership Down, including a blatant rip off / tribute to the Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The look is also clearly and clearly inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo Saxon art, so if you are in these items, you may be drawn to its appearance. The film also has moments of very nicely structured shots that lead the eye in a very artistic way, including a beautiful match score and a great Viking attack that is very mood and impressive. Best of all is the music, but much of the background music is melodic and moving, especially the song of the spirit girl, which is really beautiful and haunting and works very well with the pictures it covers. If the whole movie was as poetic as this moment (and it tries), it would be a very beautiful and poetic movie, which unfortunately still wouldn't reach a wide audience, but instead it's not a shame it won't reach one wider audience because most are average and inexpensive appearance and do not meet modern animation standards. All in all, a movie that split my mind in many ways, but not all great but worth watching music and singing and occasionally right or scary moment. Oh yes, the cat seemed to live for a long time, not sure how it was possible.
