DOWN TO EARTH / (2001) * (out of four) <br /> <br /> Blake French: "Down to Earth" is such a misleading and desperate comedy that makes the home sofa look a Chris Rock standup comedy act on tv looks like heaven. Talking about the sky, the film is based on the 1978 film "Heaven Can Wait." It was a good movie and it is good to demonstrate how a group of aspiring writers can take decent material and make it garbage. Directors Chris and Paul Weitz miss almost every goal. From concept to storytelling, "Down to Earth" fails miserably; This is an incredibly poor production. <br /> <br /> Chris Rock is a miserable standup comedian, both in his role in this movie and in real life. He plays Lance Barton, whose manager (Frankie Faison) himself feels sorry for him when he booed off the scene during amateur night at a local theater. Immediately after the script establishes its lack of talent, the character of a speed car is killed. The death played by Eugene Levy made a mistake as he took Lance before his number was up. God's assistant (Chazz Palminteri) is very angry and decides to let Lance be the rest of his time on Earth as long as he takes the only vacant body of a 60-year-old white millionaire. <br /> <br /> The old man is called Mr. Wellington, whose life has its own problems. His wife (Jennifer Coolidge) has an affair with his assistant (Greg Germann) who robs him of his money. But that's okay, because Lance, inside Mr. Wellington, has fallen in love with a young black woman named Sontee (Regina King.) Meanwhile, there are plots to kill Wellington, Lance is trying to get a better body and Sontee's confused feelings with a hospital situation involving Mr. Wellington's economy. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" has some good ideas, but they are in a meaningless and inconsistent love story filled with contrivances and recycled materials. The biggest problem it runs into is how we perceive Lance as Mr. Wellington. Chris Rock is the actor with popularity and publicity, so he will not be absent for most of this movie; All the characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington, but we see him as Chris Rock. This is practical for the love story; We believe that a young woman would fall for Lance, but in fact he is actually an old, gray-haired geezer. It's not that convincing. The one-joke comic situation has to look at an old man who does fun things that are really done by a young black man. But what inspires laughter is when characters run into conflicts without their knowledge. Just look at "There is something about Mary." In the fun scenes, the characters are exposed to awkward experiences and not to their will. Here Lance knows that he is in an old man's body and does things that old men would not normally do. If Lance didn't know the body, he was in then, it could have had potential. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the concept: we never knew Mr. Wellington in the first place, so how can we compare Lance in his body when we don't know what he was like originally. To get it all done, Chris Rock must be the center of attention here and make the sign too much like Rock. He recites simple standup routine jokes that are dull and painful; His dialogue is so obvious, wood and straightforward. I hated the movie's sense of humor. There are so many unfunny jokes and horrible comics. It's like seeing Chris Rock is Chris Rock, not a character in a movie. Let's emphasize positive in "Down to Earth". Mark Addy does nothing worse than he did in "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas." Eugene Levy and Chazz Palmentari are well thrown, but they do benefit a scalped script. It's all the good qualities I can mention at this time, and if you give me another week to remember, I'm not likely to come up with anything more.
