Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himself in "down to earth". As described by the brothers Chris & Paul Weitz of "American Pie" fame, this uninspired remake of Warren Beatty's 1978 fantasy "Heaven Can Wait", even a rehash of the 1941's "Here Comes Mr. Jordan," lacks the abrasive profane humor that won Chris Rock an Emmy for his first HBO special. Predictably, he splashes words from A to Z, but deliberately avoids the F-word. Anyone who saw this talented African American cartoon in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows that he can evoke more laughter with the F word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together. Unfortunately, despite a few witty one-liners, "Down To Earth", the Rock bottom is hit both as an incomparable comedy and an unlikely interracial romance. <br /> <br /> "Down to earth" completely destroys any good will that Weitz Brothers generated with their landmark widespread face "American Pie." This available drivel qualifies as a constructed as well as confusing comedy with a thoroughly unlikely color-blind interracial romance. Unfortunately, a more than competent cast among them is "The Full Monty's" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri from "Analyze This", "SCTV's" Eugene Levy and beginner Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr. wasted in flat-footed, sketchy roles. Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never been broken. Abysmalt written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down To Earth" cast Chris as a messenger who cycles the day in the Big Apple and gets booed from the scene at night in Harlem's famous Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) is suffering from severe stage warfare. Nevertheless, his charity Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of Hannibal) sticks with him through thick and thin. After Lance has learned that the Apollo Theater will hold a final amateur nightlife, he invites Whitney to get him in line-up. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a deadbeat stand-up cartoon, why does Apollo invite him back? Meanwhile, fate has something else available to Lance. While we are running home on his bike, our protagonist traces a beautiful lady, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire"), who crosses the street, but he doesn't see the bus colliding with him and killing him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates the sky with a halo curled around his head. In heaven, which resembles a cruise nightclub, Lance learns that an over-standing angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned") took his death 40 years ahead of schedule. <br /> <br /> Heavenly Arch. King (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This"), the right hand of God, apologizes and accompanies Lance back to earth. The garden is Lance can not regain its body, so he must inhabit another body. The best thing that Mr. Keyes can come up with, reckless, white, 60-year-old tycoon Charles Wellington. Wellington's incredible wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his unscrupulous personal help Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") have just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts it as a borrower until Keyes finds a more appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington again meets Sontee. She is a nurse activist who protests against her decision to privatize a Brooklyn hospital serving the poor. While Regina King brings a charisma to her role as a crusader health worker, she plays a sign that circumvents credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance not only tries Sontee, but also wins a recording at Apollo. "Down to Earth" features Rock in his most unfunny role. The comedian's reason for making this film seems questionable. In addition, he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script written by the artist Elaine May for Beatty. Initially, Beatty tried race-reverse gimmick himself in his own version by trying to throw Muhammad Ali in the title role as "Heaven Can Wait." The deal fell through and Beatty highlighted the film itself. According to Rock, his long-time writers and he thought they could "wipe out" this classic. In addition, he justified his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" based on his philosophy of "doing something you can only do when you are warm." Previously, Rock rejected a script for a bus load of touring rappers because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image in such an outing. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock doesn't stretch as much of his image as he turns it into the worst! This half-baked concert film with an annoying plot makes so much of a creamy comic reputation as Weitz Brothers! You know a movie about a comedian is in dire straits when a scene in the nightclub is played so you can't hear the jokes, just the laughter. Similarly, casting of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler, speaking the Queen's English, but in reality, a commoner from Michigan is also logical. Addy is a real Englishman, and he doesn't have to shine an accent; his accent is genuine. The biggest overall quandary with "Down to Earth" is the re-look-a-like switcheroo that the characters do, so Chris Rock doesn't disappear completely from sight for more than a few seconds. Although Chris uses half of the movie as the white guy Wellington, the audience sees him almost like Lance, submerging the comic irony to see his slender, bald, caucasian white, alter-ego performing ghetto humor and chanting derogatory hip-hop lyrics . Incredibly earned rock duplication as the movie's executive producer and one of his four scribes. The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could diminish such an eerie, rude muddle of a comedy. About the only redeeming feature of "Down to Earth" is Jamshied Sharifi's amazing orchestral movie score.
