I think "The Best of Times" was a lost case from few go. The original premise (guy drops the winning touchdown pass against a rival high school team, can never seem to get over it and then tries to reunite the two teams to play again) is one of the stupidest I have ever heard. Since Ron Shelton continued to write much better sports films, I wonder if there was more to it then. I hope this movie was not green lit with Shelton, who beat the story I wrote above. So we have the premise. If you go from there, you would think or hope that there may be a few phrases along the way to keep things alive. No such luck. This script follows all predictable clichés you can think of. There is not a moment in this movie, you can't see getting a mile away before the movie reveals it and the end .... Well, if you can't figure out the end at the end of the first wheel, then You harbor is not aware or seen any other sports movie in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star (and live) in the leaders. Williams is the bad schmo who dropped the big passport and Russell is the quarterback who threw the fateful passport. Gee, do you think Russell will look after him again to see if he and Williams are wrong, that the city has never forgotten? This is such a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that one can only shake their heads wondering what might have been. Sure there are a few chuckles, and to be honest there is a really fun scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems, and the wife invites them to dinner to solve things. Neither guy realizes they are invited over on Monday, and yes, Monday night football is on. Given that the two teams play a combined victory, the men (Williams in particular) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game goes. The scene dissolves in some funny pieces when Williams goes to check out the score by using a bathroom visit as a ruse. When he returns, he coughs the score to Russell. Later, as Russell begins to make the moves on his wife, Williams runs the television in their view from another room. It is an inspired and fun scene in a largely uninspired and silly movie.
