Blank check is one of the kids movies that could have been a great thrill thriller for kids, but instead it's a tired lame home alone ripoff that's not worth the dime. Quigley is a criminal who has just fled prison and gets his hidden millions from a big score, and then we meet Preston a frustrated child whose room is taken over by his brothers to start a business and, of course, Dad treat his brothers better because they make money The same day he goes to a child's birthday party, and when his father is cheap, he goes on with small children, while the other children go on roller skates, then he receives a birthday card and a check of 11 bucks, how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the beautiful Shea Stanley, where her parents met fans? he finds out he needs 200 to open an account while quigley gives his million to his banker friend and finds out the bills are marked so he will send a lackey named juice to get them unlabeled when Preston leaves his bike being run over by quigley he is about to write a check when he spots the police and bolts home, his parents' parents about his busted bike and being grounded what? their child almost came over and they worried about a bike? So Preston throws a million dollar check through his computer and comes back only to be escorted to the banker thinking he is the juice he gives Preston the money but the right juice came and realized they had been beaten by a child! So Preston buys a mansion under the name Macintosh gets a limo driver that says unfunny jokes and goes on an epic shopping spree so he stains Shea and talks about opening his account kid you're loaded and you're talking about opening an account? We realized soon Shea is actually an FBI agent tracking down quigley and his two other accomplices are so he told his cheapy father he has a job working for Mr Macintosh and spends the day riding go karts playng our game and hanging out with his limo driver mate Then he goes on a date with Shea in a fancy restaurant what a 10 year old wining and dining a 20 something FBI agent? Afterwards, she takes her to a street geyser and rents around in the water that breaks Shea's $ 300 dress, but she does well if it was a little realistic that she would slam him to dress her expensive dress so quigley and the others are still disturbed a young child and quickly wasted the prayers, and Preston was chased by quigley in a scene taken from the original manuscript and subsequently hosted by Macintosh's birthday, which is really his birthday when he discovers that he could not pay for the party , he is sitting in his chair and dad talking to MacIntosh, as he does not know, it is his son he speaks to and speaks of Preston, must be a real child and has all his childhood in front of him and wants Preston to go home early what ? An hour ago you grill him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to leave and sit alone and think about when quigley and the others go into the house to get Preston to pay and then he turns into a finale that flushes away alone quigley is spun around in a ball while Preston is driving a kartoft juice is hit in the groin, and there are more disturbances until the trio gets Preston to the corner, and when it looks, all hope is lost. Shea and a bunch of SWAT guys come to save the day and then quigley and his crew are sent to jail, but is there any hope for Preston and Shea? there is and she kisses him in the lips what? what? what? An adult woman kissed a child in her lips. come on now is she mentally handicapped? I mean, an FBI agent who knows the country's laws risks running his career kissing a child? she could be arrested on the spot! And the most fragile part of everything is, it's not goodbye and she wants to see him in 6 or 7 years! Oh dear and then he comes home to his family celebrating his birthday so that the morality of history is love and respect can be purchased? What do they smoke? The bottom line is that it is a waste of time the morale is whacked it is flat as a tortilla child is annoying bad guys are paralyzing the comic relief is not fun the brothers are unlikely father is even worse the romantic subplot is spooky plot's shallow and the only one Saving Grace is pictorial art from the popcorn, which continued to shoot the matrix trilogy and two of the spider-man films so people do not waste your money and instead go alone in the home. <br /> <br /> This has been a Samuel Franco review.
