For the Berlin Film Festival two years ago, we saw the Amos Kollek movie "Sue" in the Panorama program, with a wonderful Anna Thomson starring. It is a movie about loneliness and gender, and how one thing is compensated by the other. In the same section of the festival we now have to complain about the superfluous antithesis of Sue, "Extension du domaine de la lutte", who is now trying to convince us that loneliness and having no sex are one and the same problem. But unfortunately we cannot sympathize with "our hero" (how he is called the narrator) because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of the company and itself. Actually, I'm sorry. I can't understand him. Not only do we want the author / instructor / actor to admit to him that it is not his ruined self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality, which led him so far, but the rat society and its image of sexuality. Yes, there are some deeper insights about gender relationships, but we will not follow him so far ... And it is supposed that there is rather a sign of reflection on his own part to fate, without having sex. Who didn't notice yet, it's a pretty depressing movie ... In the beginning, there were some beginnings to be more precise in outlining the situation. At the bed shop, "the hero" speaks of the obstacles by buying a new bed. Maybe it's too wide to get up the stairs, you have to stay at home for half a day ... THIS is a satire of a character who is not in the hands of life and heart, does something ... The movie does Do not follow this path, but handle his signs with helplessness. No one believes that "our hero" can initiate Tisserand for a murder. Too boring, too friendly - passive (not to mention Tisserand's complex, he has an inhibition, but he couldn't be a killer of women!). To finish: There are women and the world, it is not a unity of a modern sexualized society. Help yourself as you can, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" of this movie that announces bankruptcy for human relationships without seizing the real conflicts within.
