I got this movie out of Blockbuster in one of the racks where you can get as 5 movies for 20 bucks. I have to say that I've got my money on this. I was expecting horrible dialogue, crappy monsters and shaking cameras. Well, as Meatloaf said, two out three are not bad. The action is bad, but not as bad as some movies I've seen. Or maybe I have seen so many low budget movies recently, I have lost perspective. There are some things where the play is quite scary, but mostly it is at least High School Play level. CG for Sasquatch in this movie is probably the second best part. The first thing I thought when I saw it (and I noticed another reviewer agreed with me) was that a man in a monkey suit would have been better. Clunky stop-motion animation would have looked better. <br /> <br /> So you can ask why I call CG the second best part. This is because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effects. They are loud, annoying and constant. I have camping, I know which insects are similar in the forest at night, and while they can be loud, they are not deaf like the cacophony in this movie. Normally, when the "background" sounds drowning the movie's dialogue, it's a bad thing, but from what I caught from the dialogue of this movie, I didn't miss much. The action was rare and boring. The excitement was non-existent, just as it was a sense of empathy with the characters. Talking about the characters, they were all cookie-cutter and bland. The only mildly engaging cityplay was between ... in fact, I can't think of anything. There was a line or two that made me crack a wan smile, but it was about it. The camera was decent, one step or two over what you would normally see in a movie like this. But it still had the "home cinema" quality for that you get with movies made on pocket changes and a prayer. <br /> <br /> If you are like me and get a kick out of the shoestring budget genre flicks and you see this in the dollar bin, think about grabbing it. Otherwise, stay away at any cost.
