There have been many movies with Bigfoot, most of which are not good, but most have at least a foolish charm to them. Sasquatch Hunters doesn't even have what it takes. It's just a rushing bore. Sasquatch Hunters is about a group of paleontologists, primologists and forest cruisers who pass into a distant part of a Pacific coastal forest. Bones belonging to a kind of abnormally large primate have been discovered in this region, and since monkeys are not natural to North America at first, this leads to a scientific expedition. Certainly, they soon discover an entire burial ground full of the skeletal remains of these huge monkey-like creatures. I think we all know what is happening to people who disturb old burial sites in the movies. <br /> <br /> The first half of the movie consists of uninteresting, interchangeable characters that gather their tools, wander through the woods, stop resting, wander through the woods, pause long enough to explore and discuss one few finds along the way, even more hike through the woods, looking for a group member who has disappeared, even more walks through the woods, digging through dirt, randomly theorizing and gathering around a camp fire to discuss what little they have done that day. When Sasquatch finally turns out, it just gets people stumbling around in the dark while being picked by one at a time (ready in a blink of an eye, and you missed it, and the actual killing takes place without a camera). All this is incredibly boring. The movie will be taken seriously and the director is clearly trying to build excitement, but there is no one to find, so we are back with boring, drawn-out scenes of people wandering around the forest just to get somewhere and wander around the forest at night trying to act scared. I would lie if I said I didn't use liberal use of the fast forward button to speed up those scenes. <br /> <br /> As for Sasquatch itself, like any other character in the movie doesn't have much to do and lacks a distinct personality. It looks like a shaggier version of King Kong, which is not so bad except in the scenes where they used CGI instead of a man in a Bigfoot costume that is painfully obvious during daylight scenes. Part of me can't help feeling that even by using computer effects to bring Bigfoot to life, it's a bit of a holiday. If there is a single movie monster that I think should only be brought to life through situation, it is Bigfoot. <br /> <br /> This is one of the movies that doesn't have a lot of plot as it makes a premise. That's all it really is, a prerequisite that the people involved stretched out to make a movie length with feature length without disturbing adding all the ingredients to make a worthy movie.
