Believe me, I would like to have "Spirit". The idiotic comments people made at the time of its release on how quaint it was to see old-fashioned, hand-drawn animation again, as if the last pencil-animated cartoon had been released twenty years ago, and the even more idiotic comments on how computers now had made the old techniques obsolete, had got my blood up ... but then the disruptive, tasteless banality I had to endure for the first ten minutes with "Spirit" got my blood even more. <br /> <br /> The cartoons are generic, the animation (partly as a result) is only competent, the direction of art as a whole so complete, incredibly lacking, that you wonder how it might have been (we know from "The Prince of Egypt "and" The Way to El-Dorado "that there are talented artists at Dreamworks), and the sophisticated use of CGI is in each case poorly judged. (Why do they break?) There is not a single thing worth looking at. In an animated cartoon, this is deadly. <br /> <br /> But it gets worse ... The horses can't talk, but they are far more anthropomorphized and convincing than the deer in "Bambi" who can. And it seems that the horses can somehow talk. Spirit himself delivers the promo (the sound of the whole world as a 21st century actor picked out of a mall in California), and from then on his recalled related monstrous tale is hardly absent from the soundtrack, even though it never even tells us something we do not already knew, or expresses, a feeling that the artwork, poor, though it was, was not able to express twice. The prologue, by the way: (a) contains information which knowledge we later discover had knowledge of; (b) expressing ideas that Spirit would lack power to express even though he could speak; (c) contains new age as: "This story may not be true, but that is what I remember"; and (d) will give countless children (the production is set up, I assume by six-year-old) the impression that horses are native to North America, which is true since the common ancestor of horses, zebras, etc. was native to North America - but all species of horses on the continent had elapsed long before the first humans arrived, and the herds of the must (allegedly "here as the buffalo grass") originate from horses introduced by Europeans. <br /> <br /> So often the progeny suffers me. <br /> <br /> As often as spiritual lectures, Bryan Adams sings and pretends to have a bad throat infection - and that's not how he sings or even how he sings, that's what he sings: maudlin narrative ballads that contributes even less than possible than the spoken tale of the spirit, and which sounds like they all have exactly the same melody (though I was very attentive and able to distinguish that they probably did not). If only Bryan Adams and the guy pretending-to-be-a-horse could have SHUT UP for a moment or two, the movie could have been allowed to take its true form: mediocre and derived, rather than obnoxious .
