For anyone who loves predictable movies with a horrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, clichés in the wazo and also stereotypes that are just typical of an American movie, you no longer look. DreamWorks whether they wanted to save money on acquiring speech or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; In one way or another, they succeeded in delivering a rather gentle and boring film. Spirit: The Cimarron Stallion is a drill rig that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and it also fails to entertain despite the eerie theme of animals triumphing over humans. After looking past the wonderful animations, what you have left is nothing but a big mess. Spirit is about a stallion, which from the start of the movie looks like a pretty handful, as he is a horse that cannot be beaten, calmed or controlled. Because of this, he gets up and becomes the leader of his group of head horses, which includes his mother. But his life of freedom and running around comes abruptly as he is trapped by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the wild west with the rest of the country. In the course of this, Spirit (which is never called the whole movie) is almost a brave Indian and a human horse, and also has many influences with the cynical and cruel armies who apparently do not believe in giving up. <br /> <br /> Why should movies mix computer animation with traditional? It comes out and looks a little soft, something Spirited Away also suffers from. Best example is when a train is hunting for Spirit; You see the hand-drawn Spirit running from a computer-animated train. It would look much better whether it was one or the other, but not both; Unless you can really draw some fine effects. Beauty and the animal's famous dance sequence uses computer animation, but it's not as clear as the train or snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the best part of the movie, a bit sad to see the rest of the film slipping downhill for quality. A small scene has several; I mean several similar shots of just a generals face, quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion. The kids like this flick, but with a lack of dialogue, singing and motivation, it can be a perfect technique to make hyper children fall asleep. While Disney is being criticized for its animated musicals, they become much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this. Bryan Adams has no place in this movie and why does Hans Zimmer keep away from using a Western theme in this movie when it's a story taking place in the Old West? Soundtrack sounds a little if you ask me. At least, they use realistic sounds of horses, two points for that. But if you want to refrain from getting horses to talk, why does one interpret the narrator each time so often, which just happens to be the protagonist himself? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are cozy and the Western people are evil, native-killers, horse torturers, rowdy, psychopathic monsters to be destroyed. This is more or less what Spirit shows us. It reaches a point where they are trying so hard for viewers to hate travelers in the wild west; they even had a scene of several horses that took a big train up a hill, and another scene of them destroyed a whole village of natives. Now the person who befriended Spirit happens to betray him more than one occasion, but it is forgiven, apparently because he is not a soldier; it or because he has the sweetest horse. <br /> <br /> Spirit is not exactly a victim we should be sorry for; the viewer must sympathize with the spirit despite endangering his entire group of horses, causing chaos, and even perhaps resulting in some shielded deaths quickly pushed aside because oh no, spirit is in trouble! This movie gets rather rhythmic, as we see in several cases that the spirit is flowing from chains, kicking people around, destroying properties, releasing horses and then getting caught again --- all in the same order as well. The authors also seem to have an obsession with rocks because they are sprinkled all over the film; for an old vest film they certainly have very little room to wander around. Bottom Line: This is definitely no Disney movie, it's actually a bad thing, even if it was what they were targeting. So, instead of the typical musical, we get a boring movie that is predictable, boring and slow in several cases. Even the decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer's work gets thrown in. Everything about this movie was just wrong; from the ideals that Americans who were not original were evil buffaloes, to the soundtrack and musical score that just seemed so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has virtually nothing to do with the old west, has more of a western mood than this film. Do yourself a favor and completely skip this with all the necessary means. Thank you.
