It is great to look like Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino, and even Michelle Pfiefer makes a monumental piece of cinematic waste. It's nice to see people so rich and 'successful' wasting their time on one of the most forgettable, trite and pathetic pieces of film making all the time. This movie represents the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? It is based on a true story. Now they start with some basic news and facts that they read the United States today. But then the film goes to a fantasy world, and a "Cuban refugee" must do so in the US drug subculture; kind of like rocky on cocaine. Is there a movie about Cuba or Cubans? For the life of me I don't think there is a single Cuban in this movie. The centers are completely fake, and the scene with Antonio's mother resembles a midwest American values ​​poster. The whole scene looks like something out of the Dick Van Dyke show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida. Then a palm is a palm. This is a Romanesque novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the goat goose, and there is no chance that these two characters could ever match each other. Is it a drug film? Well, no problems with occupation or addiction have been mentioned. The actors' behavior after a cooking line is no different than having had a drink of water. Admittedly, the play is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin elevator music or something out of a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The camera's work is shoddy with too much movement and far more cranes than ever could be effective. It was clear that the photo budget was too big. The sound is bleached in a number of places, and the dialogue seems to be done in a warehouse. Scripture is appalling. This is one of the films where the manuscript writes itself. You are drawn from a tritical piece of dialogue to the next, each pushing the plot like a sock brick. So I have to ask, Is it even a movie? It could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours. But at least a drama series has some kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of badly acted scenes that are lost together. Whatever it is, movies or not, it's a piece of shit.
