This contains coils. <br /> <br /> I've rarely seen a movie that is as incredible as this one is. And it's French, it's trying for depth by being enigmatic ?? Nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and has just announced for breakfast to his family that he is HIV positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not yet come to breakfast, and the first thing the family does is that at age 12 he is too young to be told. Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve? The first absolutely amazing thing is that the family does not even ask where or how he got the virus, how long has he known about it? nothing is asked. They only worry about Marcel finding out. This is a very close-knit provincial family, but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Leo's HIV-positive status or the fact that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all these news with absolutely no questions or reactions . How many families do you know where the parents / brothers would have at least no reaction to one of the members who announce that he is gay? Here nothing. <br /> <br /> Léo decides to go to Paris to see his ex-laws. And he decides to go on a trip with, for all people, Marcel. Do you know someone who would bring his little brother together to see a lover? Again, unbelievably, especially since Marcel should not know any of his medical problems or his homosexuality. If that's what the family has decided to let him know, it's pretty brutal and again incredible. <br /> <br /> Léo goes to find his lover Aymeric at work in a bar in Paris. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until the early evening. But why would Léo want to see him work? Why not call and make sure to see him somewhere more private where they can really talk? Why not go see him at home with him? But no, Léo appears later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric not only lets go of him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available that it was Léo who left him and that Léo had not answered any of his letters. Léo says "But I love you" and then walk away. But if he really loved Aymeric, he wouldn't at least have told him about his HIV status, to warn him to be tested and maybe get medication? This would be the least he could do ?? but not a look. He does not even leave and warn Aymeric that he may have contracted the AIDS virus. This is completely irresponsible of him ?? and by the filmmakers; this movie was apparently made for a French TV series for young people ?? It is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here ?? I guess "Every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of the movie, which was incredible, was the "touchy-feely" aspect. Everyone always leans towards someone, caresses someone or kisses someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France be THIS physical, never remember a whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother puts his leg up on his eldest brother's laps, and the older brother stretches his leg as everyone sits around to discuss something. How many brothers do you know who is physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old enters Marcel's room and asked "What's in the case, can't you sleep?", Then takes off his clothes and completely down, goes to bed with his brother and snuggles up to him as if they were lovers. This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave a little incestuous feel to the movie. Sorry, I don't think this is a regular behavior between teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are just fine ?? especially Marcel in the lead role. But it wasn't really enough ?? HIV and AIDS are far too serious to be presented in such an unclear and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family has gone to the cemetery to bury Léo, but once again has Marcel been out of it? He has been left in a cousin's care (I think). Nevertheless, he sneaks out and looks at the funeral far from it. Is that what such a close family would have done? It is totally unthinkable that they would not have included him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene in the movie, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
