The latest boom of dating show on American TV screens has reached a fevered pitch since the first episode of "The Bachelor." Missing audiences have since been exposed to countless clones and variations, including "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money" and the incurable "Gift By America". Hoping to redeem this trend while pushing and utilizing a new demographic, Bravo has released the disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" on the world. And they must have mercy on all of us. The principle is simple and designed to be light hearted: A qualified gay man is the hip of a number of suitors, eliminated show by show until one is back, but there is a twist. Half of the men are actually equal. This is not much of a big deal, but the scenario is inherently vicious after hearing the payout: If at the end of the show the gay man chooses a straight man in disguise, the straight man wins a cash prize. The gay man gets nothing, or at least no more than a few farewells, a pat on the back and a hearty round of "Are you not embarrassed? Thank you for playing!" <br /> <br /> Like the equally painful "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of stereotypes running amok. What makes it even worse is the fact that even men play UP these stereotypes for cash. The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man's hair, dress in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, strip him of all body hair and fat and voila! It's gay similar to putting a white performer in the blackface, and just as offensive to those of us - like myself - who are real homosexuals and don't dress / act like that. This means that homos have no variance or chance of individuality, that they cannot behave like real people, only as stereotypes. Do not remember that the bank of suitors lacks much in any kind of diversity. Everyone is gymnastic, most are white and everything looks too removed and cleaned. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of promoting the acceptance of gay people as dynamic people who are able to vary and change, Hollywood has once again taken a stereotype and runs with it all the way to the bank. I really feel dirty looking at this show, which shows every gay man who sees this unbelievable parade of softcore pornography that is legal TV. 1 out of 10
