I saw full house when I was younger, and I can't understand why I did it. I don't really enjoy the show. I think I and most Americans who looked at this were hypnotized by its badness. It will put you in trance mode and there is no return. I'm still scar, but I'm trying to move on. I know it's a family show, but that doesn't mean it should be so bad. The show is so cliché with every episode ending with a "talk" from the father to get everyone's trouble going away. The characters on the show are all scary. There is one by it all, cleaning occupied, corny father, whom you will turn into face every time he comes on the screen. We then have a presumably "rocker" uncle who is just there to look good for the mothers who are going to look at this shit. We have another uncle who is totally unfunny who makes Bullwinkle impressions (should I say more about him). There is the oldest daughter who cannot shop and always looks for something. So an intermediate daughter who always says, "WHERE RUDE!" to just about anything anyone says. Finally, there is the youngest daughter Michelle. Don't get me started on the Michelle game, but the horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you will connect her to the antichrist. She always demands things, trying too hard to be "sweet", says constantly "DUH!" and rolls your eyes that make you sneak her. I'm not a big fan of spending a lot of physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in her case I would accept. She needed it on a daily basis. She is the most selfish character ever introduced to mainstream television. An example of this is when her rocker uncle is busy doing his job in the loft. Brat decides to constantly annoy him and demand attention. He shouts at her and she gets sad. STOP TAX! The rest of the episode is catering to her emotional needs, and uncle finally apologizes for her. Ugghh! The show will lower your IQ along with slowly destroying your will to live. I'm surprised we didn't hear the news that the whole house is being played in the background when the police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and don't see the reruns of the show. You will thank me later.
