Being a Buster Keaton fan is getting your heart broken regularly. Most of us first meet Keaton in one of the brilliant feature films from his great period of independent production: 'The General', 'The Navigator', 'Sherlock Jnr'. We recognize him as the greatest figure in the entire movie comedy story, and we will see more of his film. Here begins the heart cut. After 'Steamboat Bill Jnr', Keaton's sister-in-law, Joseph Schenck, pushed him to sign a contract that put Keaton under MGM's control. Keaton became only one more actor to recruit, perform other scripts. Then his alcoholism became worse. After 'Steamboat Bill Jnr', Keaton never made a really first-class movie. A few sources describe a would-be masterpiece comedy that Keaton claimed he * almost * should do at MGM: a parody of the 'Grand Hotel'. Cinema Tom Dardis has offered compelling evidence that Keaton made this story. <br /> <br /> The heartbeat is increasing because, among the many years of Keaton's long stable decline, only once came up with a good movie ... such as his short comedy 'Grand Slam Opera'. I continue to search for the lost recording of Keaton's dramatic scene with Spencer Tracy in 'It's a Mad Mad World': a sequence in which the cursed policeman Tracy speaks an old retired villain (Keaton) and tries to recruit his help to steal Smiler Grogan's cash. This recording is almost certainly gone forever but I'm watching. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, speaking is one of Keaton's films from the beginning of his decline. MGM tried to build Jimmy Durante (who randomly played Smiler Grogan three decades later) as a new comedy star. Unfortunately, MGM tried to build Durante by working with Keaton, whose comedy style was simply incompatible with Durante's. (I'm a fan of both.) Throughout his career, Durante was a relentless stage speaker: he knew he was built at Keaton's expense, and Keaton was the only co-star Durante never tried to rise. <br /> <br /> Keaton was often cast as a victim of extremely gruesome machinations. In 'Speaking Easily', he plays a didactic and humorous midwestern university professor named Post (because he is like wood as one) who receives a letter informing him that he is inherited $ 750,000, which he must travel to New York City to claim. Does he make a phone call to confirm this? Does he even check the postmark? None; He takes his life's savings out of the bank and hurries to New York. As soon as he is gone, Post's servant admits that he wrote the (false) letter to breathe professorship out of his debris! Post, who thinks he is a 3/4 millionaire, cross paths with Jimmy Dodge (Durante), who is trying to produce a musical revue, but has no money. The characters that these two brilliant comedians play on the screen simply fail. Keaton plays one of these eggheads (like Mister Logic in 'Viz') that intellectualises everything. Durante plays one of these annoying hepcats who are unable to make a similar statement because the script requires him to always talk in a snake. There is a painfully unfunny dialogue scene where Durante tries to talk to Keaton about money, but - instead of getting out with it - Durante needs to use more and more engineered snake names such as 'kale', 'cartwheels' and so on. .. while Keaton obviously has no idea what Durante is aware of. I want to give Keaton credit: his own dry and dusty prairie voice, his flat Kansas accent, is perfect for the character he plays here. <br /> <br /> Sidney Toler looks much slimmer and more beautiful than he would be just a year later, is impressive as the exciting director of the Revue bankrolled (cross) by Professor Mail. Henry Armetta, whom I have never found fun, is even less fun than usual here, and offers an ongoing gag with a stupid payoff. Thelma Todd impressed me here in a more villainous version of the role she played in 'Horse Feathers' (a much more fun movie). Edward Brophy, one of my favorite actors, is wasted. <br /> <br /> Part of the problem with 'Speak Easy' is that the supporting characters behave in completely inappropriate ways. Keaton's lawyer appears at Durante's theater with an urgent message to Keaton ... but he is not there so the lawyer continues to inform Keaton's personal business to the first total stranger he meets. (Brand this lawyer, Buster!) In another scene, Professor Post - the guy who is perceived as bankrolling these musical lashes into the crusaders' dressing rooms, and all the crusades immediately suck and cover themselves. I know for a fact that * modern * corpses would never react this way, and I seriously doubt that corpses in 1932 behaved that way either ... certainly not in response to the "angel" who controlled their shows' persecutions . <Br /> <br /> SPOILERS COME. Ca. half an hour in unfunny 'Speak Easy' puts the big Jimmy Durante on the piano, laughs into the camera and makes the characteristic little shake of his head as he begins to play a tune. That is the moment when I thought the latter movie would finally settle for the purpose of entertaining us. Ah, no. The most annoying of all is the end of this movie that uses the most chopped and incredible cliché in all comedies: the one in which a completely incompetent dimwit becomes a star comedy through its own infinity. (Keaton would be forced to play this cliché in a 1955 episode of 'Screen Directors Playhouse'; Chaplin had already used it in 'The Circus'.) I cried a lot - in anger and grief - by the wasted opportunities in 'Speech Easy' '. For the most part, respect for the work done by Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd elsewhere, I rate this movie 2 points out of 10. <br /> <br />
