For most younger viewers out there, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So because of this they will probably not feel almost as sad as they look at this movie as I did. I happen to be a quiet comedy freak - to see almost any Keaton movie that still exists. My is a big fan making this movie very painful from start to finish. This is because Keaton in his quiet days was a very vibrant and creative comedian. He was amazing in his physical and his film was almost never boring. But in a step that film historians are still amazed at the end of the silent age, Keaton gave its independence and became an actor of MGM actors. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM only saw Keaton as an actor - and they wrote writings to him who didn't respect what made him great. Initially, these movies with MGM were not as bad (as the CAMERAMAN), but with talkies, the studio really blew it - put him in several movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his gift for gab and was abrasive. Keaton, on the other hand, was silent and based on action. Two others, unlike and incompatible actors, would have been hard to find. As a result of this lethal combination, Keaton made some really horrible movies. <br /> <br /> Now, not to say that SPEAK EASILY is a horrible movie. No, instead, it's just more of a time pass and an amazing unfunny on it. In fact, if you go into the movie, provided it's a comedy, it will probably make the movie harder to enjoy. Instead, it's like a drama with a few comic elements. It's NOT a movie that will produce belly laughs - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in a strange setting. Keaton is cast as a university professor if his entire life teaches. He knows nothing of the world and holds his nose in his books. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant needs him to believe Keaton has received $ 750,000 from a dead relative - hoping this would spur Keaton out and enjoy life. This is incredibly constructed, but somehow it manages to work. Not terribly good, but it works. Keaton immediately leaves school and goes on a trip to New York to have fun. On the way, he meets up with an incredibly untalented theater group. Because he does not know any of the world, he does not seem to realize that they are stinking. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. But just before the show opens, his friends find out that Keaton is not rich. Then they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from processors who want to close the show. They assume that if the show is a hit, then they can pay the debt and everyone will be happy. But they forget that the show itself stinks. What should they do? And will Keaton get the nice girl, get shouted by a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or be flat soft and alone? If you're worried, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> With regard to Keaton, he has few stunts in the movie, although there are some dandy at the end. Instead, Keaton just kind of go through part in a very subdued way. There is really little to love about this movie or hate. It's just blazing .... as it should have been a lot much better.
