This one came out during the last gasp of the Western genre; unfortunately it seems to be a much smaller and totally unsatisfactory effort - even though it is made by some veterans in the field! Initially, the plot offers nothing externally new: James Coburn escapes from a knot that intends to kill the man (now retired) who put him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter puts a trap for him, Coburn exclaims Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, the former lawyer - accompanied by Hershey's Greenhorn fiancé (Chris Mitchum) - sets out to pursue Coburn and his supporters who all broke up with him. <br /> <br /> Instead of dealing with the case in his McLaglen, he goes for a Sam Peckinpah approach, which he never really needs: Abominable characters, lots of violence, and the sexual excitement created by Hershey's presence among Coburn's hilarious pile. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn had previously been together in a Sam Peckinpah Western - the worried MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I really need to download the restored version of this on DVD, although I recently taped the theatrical version into pan-and-scan format from TCM UK). Still, the movie is too generic to give the elegant mood it clearly strives for (also suggested by the title): both stars had already paid an appropriate valediction to this most American of genres - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> At least, Heston maintains at least a modicum of dignity here - his aging character is trying to stay ahead of halfway Coburn by anticipating what his next move will be; The latter, however, handles an extraordinarily brutal role and only really comes into his own by the climax (revives the moment of his revenge by making Heston sadistic forcing his rape by Hershey). Apart from the latter, Heston sees Heston trying to trick Coburn with a trick loan from his own EL CID (1961), the rogue gang is trapped inside a bus fire ignited by the practicing Heston and the violent death of the two obsolete 'Main characters (as was his way, Heston's death is shaped like a free victim!). Support support includes Michael Parks as the ineffective city sheriff, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant and Larry Wilcox - of the TV series CHiPs! - As the youngest member of Coburn's gang, who has been tasked with reviewing Hershey (while doing his best to keep his nursing home away!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes to a tasteful yet unremarkable score.
