First of all, my heartfelt commiserations to anyone who bought a cinema ticket hoping to watch a movie in the same mold as the amazing Gregory girl and local luck, but ended up leaving the theater feeling disappointed and vaguely deceived. Although it is true that followers are usually, carry a few notable exceptions, a mistake, and exist only to allow study leaders to deposit the success of a previous movie by offering us either a thinly disguised retread of the original story or a plot line so far removed from the intentions of the original that the resulting film makes no sense. For Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of managing to commit both sins - on the one hand, revising Gregory's Girl plot, while earning an incredible and moronic history of Scottish arms dealers. The schoolgirl Gregory is now a teacher at the same school, where at the tender age of sixteen he had a hopeless passion for the soccer game Dorothy. Although now thirty-five, Gregory still has a hopeless passion, but now for football player Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that the music teacher, Bel, has made clear that she is attracted to him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her leads to his engagement in a scheme to reveal a local arms dealer who is also an old school friend. There is no point going any further, as the rest of the story is forgettable, and the end does not make any sense at all. The main problem lies in Gregory's character, as there is no sign of the boyfriend and charming sixteen-year-old Gregor, who actively and comically persuades Dorothy convinced he will eventually win her. At thirty-five, Gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and friendless being whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside work, his time is spent watching videos from Noam Chomsky and reading magazines about international injustices. As his friends and family from the previous movie have disappeared, saving two pointless scenes with his younger sister, who no longer gives him advice or seems to be interested in his life, we become confused by what Gregory really wants who he is And why he is the way he is. Why is he not friendly, for example? Why doesn't he ever see his father still alive? Why has he returned to teach the school he once attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why has he become so apathetic? Why is he attracted to Frances? Why isn't he attracted to Bel until the last 20 minutes of the movie? What in the name of the heavens does Bel or Frances see in him, as he is not dead, fantastic or even interesting? Why does he keep trying to impress Frances himself after he and Bel have become a thing and when their affiliation threatens to completely disrupt his life? Do we really have to believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells torture weapons to repressive regimes would be able to avoid the media investigation, but break down a couple of school children? Does Gregory really think dumping a handful of computers in the ocean will change something? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to rehash his performance as the young Gregory right down to facial expressions and awkward body language. Unfortunately, in a thirty five year old, it is just as odd and vague as it is. In addition, it is hard to feel any sympathy or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams that involves sex with one of their uniforms wearing students while they are both lying on a pile of gymnasts. Instead of being entertaining, it simply beats pedophilia. It's hard to know what went through Bill Forsyth's head when he wrote this script or why he thought fans of the original movie would embrace a story that was totally lacking in the charm, wild and warmth that made the first movie for a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to make a movie about a man who refused to grow up and commit to adulthood and perhaps whose happy memory was to be sixteen and pursue the most beautiful girl in school but in time is forced to accept that a life lived in the past is no life at all. It could at least have been the basis of a film that was thematically interesting and intelligent. As is Gregory's Two Girls adds 116 wasted and pointless minutes that say nothing and mean less. Gregory's Girl was responsible for starting Bill Forsyth's career and hopes that Gregory's Two Girls will not be responsible for sinking it.
