In the days before gore and sex took over, genuine horror films were made. Blood Castle is, in my opinion, one of the finest, though other reviewers have given it mixed ratings. Strangely, it reminds us of the recent The Others, who were in the theaters a few years ago. Director Antonio Margheriti created his own image in 1970 and titles it this time. Web of Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why did he do that, I do not understand, although remake played Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and was very good in itself. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to tailor it more to American audiences. I do not really know. Interestingly, he made the original in black and white and remake in color. <br /> <br /> The Blood House is excellent Italian gothic. La Danza Macabra is said to be an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Poe, which "appears" in this movie. Poe and Lord Blackwood, the owner of a haunted castle, bet on American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he cannot spend the All Souls Night in the castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the effort, but soon regrets it, for he is witnessing a number of ghostly murders. It seems that the ghosts come back to life once every few years, but are doomed to resume the crimes they committed in life. Lord Blackwood conveniently forgot to tell Foster that his blood is needed to revive himself on the next All Souls Night! <br /> <br /> It doesn't take Foster and the beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (depicted by the incomparable Barbara Steele) to fall in love even though their romance is doomed because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not give the end away but just want to say that Blood Castle is each a romantic tragedy as it is a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they make real horror better than anyone, and the slightly weak and white film recording only enhances this. In fairness, the Web of the Spider was fine in itself, even with color and greater brightness. I loved the lingering shots, most modern day leaders do not have the patience. When Alan first enters the convicted castle, we are treated for several minutes by him, and he does nothing but roaming around from room to room, the fear and unpleasant structure of his face and mannerisms. When the first ghost comes out, the audience is thoroughly prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something that does not often happen in standard ghost stories. There are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of movie. Elisabeth's "murder" and the dance scene (reminiscent of similar ghouls dance in 1962's Carnival of Souls) were particularly good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, common interest viewers will ever hear about, much less see, this movie. It's a shame because this is a cut above the rest. I got my copy from Sinister Cinema and am not sure if it can be purchased elsewhere. For people interested in this genre, it is a must see.
