Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller of a thrill movie based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a sheep virus mutated by the government to remove the homeland and apparently was tested on prisoners in the years before the outbreak of the hideous disease. If it wasn't for the poignancy of the film concept, this would fall into the category of the many films about the world's ruin of a violent, non-harmful infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and its effects on the prisoners to whom it was infused. He encounters some contempt and resistance against a death theory, but also meets some people who know the theory and support his study. At the same time as his visit, a series of serial killers take place where each victim is killed in the same way, and every murder appears to be accompanied by music tribes from Puccini's opera 'Turandot', which just happened to open at the San Francisco Opera. A police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her companion (Kalene Parker) follow the murders, while Stefan makes the round of the San Francisco sex clubs and bars try to find men who may have been guinea pigs for his father's theory. He meets a strange boy Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction and a prominent Doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems strangely involved in the cast of suspects. How this all comes to an end is the film's piece, a story as much about the search for self-identity between Stefan and Jeffery, as is the case for the investigation of murder. While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are happy with their roles (they are the only three who have previous experience in the movie!), The quality of the movie is significantly reduced by the less than acceptable, minimal talented Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker: When the screen's credibility of the story falls below zero. There are some small comers from other actors who illuminate the screen for the moments they occupy, but throughout the film is drowned by the incessant resumption of 'Nessun dorma' as the sung by Mario del Monaco from a recording o opera - and it looks like to be the reason for making the movie! Good idea for a movie and some good characterizations of the actors, but there is no solution to the original premise that started the whole thing. Grady Harp, February 06
