The reason "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutating monster" died in the 1950s, mainly down to the scientific fact that one travels outside Earth's orbit, that humans do not turn to mutated monsters, and that the first film to use this plot QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent sci-fi movie to use the idea. So, the idea of ​​having the redundant plot seems to have returned from the start. Alas watching THE INCREDIBLE MELTING It seems that the plot is the smallest of its problems <br /> <br /> First and foremost, it's an incredibly poorly made movie. The budget is in some figures and I'm not talking about lira dollars. There is no movie to talk about and there are countless editing of blunders. For example, a photographer takes his (Barely legal) model for a photograph. Cut to a shot where the sun is directly behind the model, then cut to the photographer's shot, where the sun is directly behind him, then cut back to the model where the sun is ... The lack of budget pulls the film down into other aspects too. According to the trivia page, the budget was so low that manufacturers couldn't get any storage of Saturn, so when astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn looks, we get pictures of the sun. In fact, the sun gives the most impressive performance in the movie, as human actors would not be employed by a porn studio. If I were in this, I wouldn't be scared of the mononymous monster - I would be scared of splinters from the rest of the casting. Perhaps we should be a little forgiving, even though the obvious lack of budget manifests itself in things that the actors must wear their own clothes. For example, a great fancy dress does not have a uniform with medals - he has a denim jacket and baseball cap <br /> <br /> There must be suspension of disbelief for a movie like this, but it fails at all levels. The tone is set early in the film, where Mr Melty kills a nurse and escapes from the hospital. Instead of the police getting a call, it says there has been a murder. Dr. Nelson just decides to track his patient alone as he would look for a missing cat. It is also strange that a thoroughly degrading homicidal monster can go down the road without anyone noticing it, but it is typical of a movie where horny 70s stop their car down dark roads for a quick and nonchalant people mentions that their wife is pregnant while they forget to tell the police that there is a monster on the loose. <br /> <br /> The INCREDIBLE MEASUREMENT MAN is Z grade bad. I can certainly understand why people enjoy this movie because it reaches the heights of "It's so bad, it's good", but apart from Rick Bakers sometimes impressive make-up effects it's no more than a very guilty pleasure
