I was thinking that the protagonist, the astronaut with the bad case of the runners (in his case, his skin, hair, muscles, etc.) could always get more film work after he had been reduced to a sausage. All he has to do is get a job like Blob. The prerequisite for this flick is rather lame. An astronaut is exposed to solar radiation (I think) and then begins to seem like an ice cone on a hot day. Not only is this a puzzle, but he must apparently kill people and consume their flesh so that he can maintain some kind of cell integrity. Huh? Have you ever noticed that when any type of radiation accident or experiment occurs, does the person immediately become a killer? Why is it? The astronaut stumbles into the night from the secret facility (which has no security) and throws parts of itself as he walks. Apparently, he kept just enough memory to make him go to the launch pad, perhaps because he wanted to return to the room. <br /> <br /> Thus, the part of the movie that is quite filler begins with a doctor wandering around with a Geiger counter and trying to find the fitter by the buzz he gives off. He kills a stupid Bill Gates look-alike fisherman, scares a little girl and makes the Frankenstein monster movie and finishes a crooked older couple (punishing them karmic to steal some lemons). Then there is a short scene where he beats his former general, and a very long scene where he kills a young pothead and chases his girlfriend around. You think after she's turned her arm off and he's running away, the scene will change. But no ... we are being treated for about ten minutes, when the woman shuddered into a corner that pans and screams in terror, even though the monster is gone. All I could think of was the director's boyfriend, somebody? <br /> <br /> The end of the movie is even lamer than the rest of it. The melting man stops being a pile of goo, and then ... nothing. That is it. It's the end of the movie. Well, that meant at least that there was no room for a successor.
