Emma is my favorite Jane Austen novel - Emma is well-meaning in spite of her shortcomings, so readers can forgive and love her and the relationship she has with Mr Knightley, who is warm, familiar, respectful but playful and generates the warm, fuzzy, romantic excitement. Sir. Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is as close as you could in these times to an independent, wise and confident woman - remember, she's only 21 and was confident of maturing and growing out of her mistakes. Who won't be Emma? Who does not want to be told by Mr Knightley? This version of Emma makes no sense about the things I love about Emma. I couldn't even finish seeing it, I found it just as terrible. I couldn't see the warm, generous side of Emma who drives the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows to her father; The closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, showing her willingness to put her friend's happiness over herself (as she sacrifices the only straight companion in her household by relaying Miss Taylor's marriage). Sir. Woodhouse's character in this adaptation just seems bizarre, rather than just quaint, older and somewhat trying. <br /> <br /> Mostly, this adaptation fails the life of the relationship between Mr Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is built on mutual respect and affection: Knightley is overbearing Emma's minor flaws, relying on her intelligence and true care for others to never allow her to go wild and Emma looks up to him, even though he is hiding it and continuing to use his own judgment. The dressing he gives her right at the beginning of the show completely exceeds the arguments between them and destroys every opportunity to portray the nature of their relationship as I have described above. Sir. Knightley is also not sufficiently attractive to bring the sexual tension between the leaders (or to inspire any admiration of the female viewers) for life. <br /> <br /> Really terrible. I can't understand why anyone who really likes the novel Emma liked it unless it miraculously solves itself after the point I switched it off.
