With the exception of approx. 10 sublime minutes with HB Warner on the heavenly train, it was 94 minutes of staggering horribleness! The action was horrible, but the story is what I really found appalling. The action was wood and stalked, even by early talkies standards (the exceptions are Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of them can do wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifeless like Julie (as she was in 1932's Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde, an otherwise excellent girl). And the rest of the throw was worse, there were no words to describe their horrible. <br /> <br /> However, the story was worse than the play. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, a cad and woman of no redeeming qualities. He marries Julie, but does not support her, instead lying in bed all day or hanging out with her criminal companion (Lee Tracy). And oh yes, he never has a kind word to say to Julie and he regularly beats her. Julie loves him anyway and continues with apologies for him who only seems to make him more offensive. What is even worse is that this film presents this story to us as a love story. Somehow we should see Julie as a noble character whose pure love solves Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this movie takes place after Liliom's killing (a robbery goes wrong and Liliom throws a knife into himself instead of being taken by the police). When he was about to die, he told Julie, "I kept beating you all the time, but I'm not sorry." When he finally dies, she finally tells her she loves him. (No sign has ever said "I love you" to the other while they were living.) After his death, God's chief magistrate Liliom gives another day on earth so he can "do something good" for his unborn daughter. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is allowed a day on earth to see her now 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in the courtyard of her home and tries to pamper her to let him "do something good" for her; He tries to make her play cards, he tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but she is not interested and rebuffs him. Then he hits her. He. Slaps. Her. And then he disappears back to the afterlife. We can see that his daughter tells Julie about this. The girl says that the lump didn't hurt that it felt like a kiss. This must be the magic moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and Julie replies that "someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you." Then the music swells and Liliom rides up to heaven in the heavenly train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was a saved grace for this movie and it is the interview between Chief Magistrate (HB Warner was truly magnificent here) and Liliom on the heavenly train. The farmer had some very deep things to say to Liliom about life and second chance and death. This scene alone made me bump this rating from 1 to 2 stars. As for Liliom's suicide as a means of escaping its troubles, the magistrate says: "People assume that when they die, their difficulties are completed for them. You thought by killing yourself that you would cancel all your obligations. is not as simple as that On Earth, your name is still spoken, your face is still remembered.As long as you are left remembering you for as long as the matter is inevitable, until you are completely forgotten, you will not be finished with Earth even if you are dead. " Some great, sublime transcendental stuff among some of the most horrible garbage I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Thus, this story has apparently been filmed many times both as "Liliom" and as the musical "Carousel".
