Universal's answer to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the movie gives a gentle, imaginative direction from Michael Winner, wasting an excellent cast with a script that massages crater-shaped plot holes. Not to mention, it is unbearably silly that never explains certain key elements of history. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines moves into a high-rise building owned by the Catholic Church with a cruel, blind priest John Carradine, who holes up there always by the window. She begins to suffer from weak magic and nausea. What's worse are tenants, she meets in the building like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looks good at 55) is the real estate agent who showed Raines the place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after finding out that they had an affair. José Ferrer has a small role as "The Brother's Priest," informing Monsignor Arthur Kennedy of being cautious as he leads to the very tall, not only homes of Carradine but Raines. Sarandon sends a hired hand up to the height one night to check out a particular room over Cristina's apartment, where she heard metallic sound and other high racket. He blows his death the same night Cristina "kills" his mortal father in a nightmare. Screaming food on the street, Cristina actually has blood on her, which leads police officer Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to investigate them with certainty that it all somehow leads back to Sarandon, a hot-shot lawyer once the police were in court regarding the entire wife's suicide. This case is really a motivating factor, Wallach's dogged approach is to find out if blood really was at Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as professor who understands this type of Latin Cristina, understands mysterious and unimaginative actors such as Jeff Goldblum as fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular space that has become available in the room itself (now refurbished) at Cristina once stayed in! What irritates me more than anything is lack of explanation. At the end of the film, Wallach and Walken are forgotten, and we are left with why they just go up and stop investigating. Their characters are just left on the back burner. How the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain man will die and need to be replaced to protect a particular gate at that height and why Cristina suffers through the trauma she does is not sufficiently explained. How certain ghosts look to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner, the rooms they occupied during a cat's birthday (see for yourself), is not adequately explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the great planning of things. She brings people to the high rise, but what's really her reasons in the movie? It seems that this movie should have been longer and cleared up, which was lost to a hasty conclusion that is just ridiculous when it should be scary.
