Prison is set in Wyoming, where work on a new prison has hit a problem so the government decides to reopen an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years, Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is in charge. 200 odd prisoners are sent in and they are put to work setting up the slaughter prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is ordered to break into the old execution room he duly imposes, but when he enters the brick door one Intense light beam shoots out and all electric, gas and fire around the prison become insane for a few minutes. Burke has unintentionally released a deadly vicious force that is in the mood for some killings and no one is sure ... Renny Harlin I thought the prison was a bad late 80's horror flick that seemed to forget the little point of having a story. The script was regularly C. Courtney Joyner, who was responsible for writing such classics as Class of 1999 (1990), Puppeteer III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) & Marionet Master vs Demonic Toys (2004) among other low budget horror crap, who was responsible for writing such classics. that even I haven't heard of & seems to take themselves very seriously. The biggest problem I have with the prison is that it is far too slow, it is over 30 minutes in the movie before the vicious force is released even though the pace is coming to an end, but then it was too late too far as I was concerned for, then there is actually no fact here. Initially, it never tries to explain why there is a "vicious force" that is walled up in the old execution chamber, it never explains why this force decides to kill random inmates when it should be on a vengeance mission or why it just doesn't kill Warden Sharpe immediately, no explanation is given as to where Burke fits into it, even though he looks exactly the same as the prisoner who was electrocuted and returned, there is no real explanation for how Warden is associated with everything that goes on apart from two early nightmare sequences where he seems to be remembering something, although it has never been revealed what it is or why. To be honest I could not really give you a plot synopsis, as the film does not have a stiff story as it follows all the way. The character is boring and forgetful, the murders are few and far between, the pacing is far away, the whole movie is a mess, and even ghosts can't shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. A less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes, there are really better things you could do. <br /> <br /> Director Harlin's full American girl bid he does a good job and there is a decent atmosphere, but after over an hour of constant killing, boring, dark prison cells and corridors, I began to get bored. I just think the movie's appearance is too repetitive, bland and honestly lifeless. I didn't think it was scary and gore is pretty tame apart from the best moment in the whole movie when a police force is killed when a bar of barb wire breaks around his body and face with a nice close up of the neck being torn open. Apart from that, there is a burned corpse and a missing body falling from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene when the warden burns all the catching mattresses in front of them and then makes them stand all night in their underwear on the courtyard, I looked at this scene and thought you would never get rid of doing something like that. Here, prisoners have rights, and if Warden did any of it, there would be a national scream from all the humanitarian and all prisoners would sue Warden, the prison system and the government for everything they had and they would win! <Br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of around $ 4,000,000, the prison actually had a pretty healthy budget, although it doesn't really look like it on the screen, so there is a decent cast and the few special effects that follow with are good, but generally it is put in the same place with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot in a genuine Wyoming State prison, so it certainly looks like the company. The action is okay, the prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars not only have a crap horror movie skeleton in their cabinets, but in the case of Mortensen, he has two with this and the horrible Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994), both of which I is sure he would like to forget ... Prison is a boring, lifeless, colorless and humorous waste of 100 minutes in spite of a good gore scene, I did not like it I actually prefer my movies to have a story rather than seemingly random events and events cobbled together without narration.
