Neither do I, but this flick is unfortunately one of the films that are too bad to be good and too good to be terrible, which makes it totally pointless and totally waste of time. There is nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre movie, and my name is modesty: whatever the subtitle is mediocre to a new level. It's full of B players, but it's not fun because it takes seriously. It sets itself up as a thriller, but turns into a kind of adult drama, flashback style. The beautiful Alexandra City, which was thrown after recognition under makeup, looks more like a cast member from Top Model than Modesty Blaise. I am not one of the hard-hitting comics that wants any adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be perfectly perfect - in fact, I have never once read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch. But it was not. The film feels half-finished, with a weak and very unexciting conclusion to a rather weak plot. It also takes its audience for idiots, explains all the small details in the plot to us and shows flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now, I love a good B movie - what's better than just turning off your brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel who brought us the wonderful splatter crap flick From Dusk To Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk To Dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad B movie should bring to the table - nudity, gore, weapons you called it. "Modesty" is just boring. The feedback on modesty life is not interesting. The play is not bad enough to laugh. In fact, I liked Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau's (hi friend, pseudonyms are your friends!) Performance as baddie. So in general it's just lama. Weak. Uninspiring. Call it what you want. Don't look at anything because Tarantino presents it, people. This is just a very forgettable, half-hearted thriller, and it never tries to be more than that. Allow me to round off this review with a very lame wordplayer (seriously, though I'm calling): My name is modesty: a modesty, time disturbance - 4/10
