I've grown up reading Modesty Blaise, both the comics and the books, and she's really a heroine for me. Even though I was not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, I was still interested in hearing a few years ago that he was considering making a movie of her: Can he finally give Modesty a great big screen treatment that she is worthy of? I heard about 'My Name Is Modesty' a few months ago and checked the stars had been given here and were not so surprised to find out that the score was not too high as beloved characters often find it hard to melt the fans' heart if not done right. So I decided not to read reviews and watch the movie instead, and well, I just finished seeing it and I'm stunned and sad, and yes, quite furious too. Sad and furious to give more than an hour of my time seeing something as amazing as the Modesty Blaise character is turned into a movie that has nothing to give to the viewer or a fan. It seems that almost everything about this movie is subparated and unprofessional, although I have to admit to seeing some actors in other movies earlier where they were fine so I can't blame them. But the manuscript and the director ... my god, why do even this kind of shed with production values ​​slightly larger than your average TV movie, but made much worse? I don't know the background of this movie and really I really don't want to know, but I just can't wonder how on earth could Tarantino with a pretty face tell him he loves Modesty and then put his name on this? He lost just as much respect in my eyes. The director was not the right man for this job and I can honestly thank him for ruining my night. <br /> <br /> I give this movie 3 stars and the stars go to the actors and the technical quality that could have been worse. The other seven stars are missing what this movie was not good at. Oh yes, hopefully at some point there will be a serious production of The Modesty Blaise Movie that has some goals other than stealing money from Modesty fans. Although people like Tarantino are the ones who make the decisions, I don't hold my breath.
