Ulli Lommel's 1980 movie 'The Boogey Man' is no classic, but it is an above average low budget chiller that is worth seeing. The successor, 1983's 'Boogey Man II' is ultimately a waste of time, but at least it is an entertaining one if it is not taken at least seriously. Now I left the door open for another sequel and I didn't mind seeing at least one more. One day while watching the videos in a store in the mall, I came across a movie entitled "Return of the Boogey Man." When I found out that it was a sequel to the previous films, I was happy to educate a few bucks for it ... I should have known better. Although the opening title is 'Boogey Man 3', it is not a successor to the two much better films I have mentioned above. Well, not quite anyway. Pros: Ha! It's a laugh. Is there anything good about this hunk of cow dung? Let's see ... it has footage from 'The Boogey Man' and, um ... it's mercifully short. Yes, it's about it. <br /> <br /> Cons: Where to start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this film is a total drilling. It goes from one scene to the next, without anything distantly interesting or scary happening. The action is stiff at best. The "actors" are most likely friends of the director who never had any acting experience before and probably no side. The foundation is non-existent and script written scripts. The direction is just plain horrible. The director tries to get the movie to see all the artistic vessels by getting the camera moving around, the lights flickering and with filters, but it adds nothing. The music is boring and difficult to hear in parts. The tie for the original is bleached. Suzanna Love's character was named Lacey, not Natalie! And the events depicted at the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. Even if this has a 3 in the title, why is there no mention of what happened in II? Finally, this adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or the genre. <br /> <br /> Final thoughts: The people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. It's one thing if it had been an original movie that was the director's first and sucked. But instead, it must be a successor to films that are not a masterpiece, but it is far more interesting and entertaining than this. If there is ever another successor I doubt, then it is necessary to forget that this has ever happened and is handled either by Lommel himself or someone who at least has an idea of ​​how to make a decent one. horror movie. <br /> My rating: 1/5
