Let me just say I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a flawed klichéd 80s horror movie, but hey these types of are fun to watch! And plus it gave us something a little different. So I bought it with pleasure and to my surprise this movie came with it (only copy they actually had) so I thought "Eh, what the hell" and bought it. Error # 1 So that night I felt in the mood to watch a movie (I actually bought tons that day) and figured that this was the shortest out of all those I bought, so I just look at this and hit the bag . Error 2 Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I was willing to take a chance. Then a few minutes into the movie and there is the first flashback. I don't think anything about it first. So the new footage with the prediction of the chicken in the bathtub and I like the direction it goes into. So the next flashback, which is a bit longer and I sit there thinking "Yes, I've seen the first Boogeyman I know what's happening then move on!" Then the next one comes up and I expect to screw it and fast forward through it. So the final one (Maybe I quickly jumped forward with the explanation, but why was she topless on the mirror? At least she could have shown them!) And I decide to jump forward through it, and then the climax and the movie were over! WTF? What happened to the prediction issues? What happened to the long hair friend (Has he pressed or what?)? And more importantly what kind of weed was the author and director smoking when he made this awful POS ?? !!! And what was the point? Was Annie right with flashbacks of what happened in the first movie? Or were things from the first movie just done at the same time? The latter could make sense because the plug of the Pantyhose Face happened in 1978 according to the characters in this movie, and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no it wouldn't! Because Lacey (as the film renamed Nancy!) Is Uli too stupid to remember his movie character names?) Would be 20 years since she was 5 when it happened, and not only is she married to someone who looks 30ish, but also has a child who looks around 7 and 10! Did she get to the middle school? And why would Pantyhose be after Annie? What connection does she even have with the characters in the original movie? And a big big movie bug I found in this movie is that when the doctor writes in his notebook, someone notices that he's just SCRIBBLING? Wow, how professional, Doc! So what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? THERE IS A POINT OF FILM WITH ANY DRAWING, THEN TAKE ALL! I will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with the only movie, and that's it (Maybe a few extra features, any special edition of it yet?). Then I will return this DVD and hopefully this review and all the others will prevent those who have not seen it from watching it, which makes movie stores get rid of it and this movie may no longer exist! Let it be so! Sorry this review is so long. I'm just angry with this movie, I had to air somehow
