Caring couples move to a hut on a mountain after the loss of their daughter and discover that there may be ghosts that burst the spot, restless spirits from former residents who committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for their daughter's terrible death because the door is unlocked and the marriage has deteriorated because of it. Julie stays in a zombie state and develops, besides no emotion, distant and numb, only photographing a nearby abandoned prison and finding a sensational image of a ghoulga clinging to a cell beam. Although Allen does not see anything beyond that, Julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something is not quite right. A local craftsman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a pretty distant guy who has a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the haunts that arise for Pykes. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold Pykes, the cabin are also victims, alcoholics Booth's abuse to his wife comes back to haunt him. Allen will conduct a survey of the history of his hut, trying to dig up the mystery of the place. Many ghosts are moving in the background of this gloomy supernatural tale with almost every character miserable. Cheri Christian remains so vacuumy and lost, it is incredibly difficult to connect with her even though you understand her situation. The action, as it is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters are exactly easy to lock on. I suppose it should be so under their circumstances, but the trouble I had was never able to properly embrace Pykes because of their constant state of turmoil. Cheri comes out as cold and detached as I expect a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in such a way, but the icy nature left me to file to embrace her as I never could. I think the right artists, even though the characters go through an emotional turmoil, can get hold of their viewers' hearts if a humanity reaches us. In the case of this film, the leaders are unable to do so, for whatever reason. It could have been me, I don't know. I would take care of them, but nothing in the signs penetrated my heart strings. Anyone who continues filming, slowly uncovers Allen certain truths and must defend himself against his wife, who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them, and she will not lose her little girl again. Jim, the unstable neighbor who thinks that to stop the ghosts that plague the area, he must kill Pykes, becoming a vital threat. The ghosts remain a central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, established everywhere, in the distance. The final reveals all of them when Allen is to find help for his wife while trying to counter Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into this because of my uneasiness with the leaders and their characters.
