Okay, what the hell should it be? Is it a family fantasy movie for cash in further on the great success of Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a recall to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all do not understand? Yes, it must be! Whatever the case, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" Cardos from "Kingdom of the Spiders" and the author David Schmoeller from "Tourist Trap" have sniffed quite a lot of glue as they shone the ideas into This demented hodgepodge of genres, the story does not give the slightest sense, and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell, but hey, who cares as long as it has papier-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spacecraft, headache light and laser shows and spontaneous combustion of supernovae! - About the introduction is practically inaudible, but no worries, as it is all gibberish! Did you know that the definition of 'time' is not what we all think it is, the time does not necessarily pass chronologically, it is a huge paradox Words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still flowing around now, and although things that will happen in the future are already around us, I have absolutely no idea what all this means, but to apparently, it gives an easy excuse to assemble tap-dancing midget aliens and well-intentioned dinosaurs on the screen. I say intentionally well-matured dinosaurs, because at some point one of the prehistoric monsters is politely knocking on the front door before threatening his goals. The crazy plot is about a family of strange people living in their solar powered house in the middle of heaven. Grandfather is extremely annoying, granddaughter even more, grandmother is a go and talking advertising picture for plastic surgery, the youngest son looks strangely like Prince Valiant and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason is also meaningless wandering around the movie as the hot man's man on business. Special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who spoke of "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but the absolute most brilliant aspect here is the dialogues! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary letters: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what this is, don't you?" This is a time chain! <br /> <br /> Stevie: "I'm not sure if I know what that means, Dad" <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "Well, I guess nobody really does" <br /> <br /> Do it well, gramps! You know what it is or not you? And stop talking about "Vortex" as if you are a kind of expert in the field! "Day Time Ended" is an incredibly childish and non-worthy disturbing-for-fantasy movie, though I can fully understand that some of its fans cherish the movie because they saw it at a young age and were fascinated by the flamboyant effects. The end comes completely out of nowhere, as they suddenly run out of money or as the effects of the mushrooms they ate wear out unexpectedly.
