'1408' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scary tactics. The kind that can make dating movie-styled horror fans occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear, but disappoint the audience seeking a small depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who has made a career writing books describing his experiences of living in rumored haunted hotels. Despite the assurances of borrowers and owners that ghosts are moving around the halls, there is little to make him a true believer in the paranormal. When he learns about Room 1408's history at the Overlook Hotel - no wait, I believe, the Dolphin Hotel in New York City - he decides to make the perfect final chapter for his latest book. But Samuel L. Jackson, who plays the hotelier, is vigorously trying to discourage his guest with stories of the atrocities that have taken place in the theat room since the hotel opened many years ago. The story is simple and as possible we skeptics must sit through Jackson's long foreshadowing ramble. <br /> <br /> In other words, be scared! Be very scared! <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be easy to convince the public that they just paid to see an exciting thriller if it didn't take so long to build up this point. And also if it followed was much more than cheap "angry" that becomes so frequent and arbitrary that in the end you can soon expect them. The temperature in the room changes automatically. The walls drip with blood. The fearless author cannot open the door, etc. And after nearly an hour and a half delivering these to the audience promised great excitement, you can sit and hope that at least you can be wowed at the end. With suspicions of dream sequences and other derivative time counters, even it fails to reject our doubts that before the movie is over, we can finally have something to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable. <br /> <br /> Despite great performances (as always) of Cusak, which is essentially the whole movie, most other notes are wasted (ie, Samuel L. Jackson) in negligible minor roles. The wonderful mystery here is how this movie got such a high viewer rating. Ballot-stuffing ghosts?
