I must say I was disappointed with this movie. I have never been a great BNL fan, I find their songs kindly and obsessively nostalgic (this is me in grade 9 if I had a million dollars, shoe box of life, etc.). However, I have watched the clips of their live show, and I really like the improvisational and clever character of the show. I was hoping that this movie would highlight this, which unfortunately is the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played somehow and not so convincing (there is a standup bass solo in the middle that was completely meaningless and boring, despite how much Jim Creegan dug himself). The movie shows not only a few minutes of it (and you know they've had better moments, like in the Afghan concert "Koffee Anan, he's the responsible man I'm Steve Paige and I'm really big"). . <br /> <br /> BNL is kind of like going to Europe a few years ago and hearing the godly "Blue" song of Effeil 99 or every 2 minutes, I came back to Canada and then a month later that song was everywhere * again *, I almost knocked my own arm. BNL is like that, many years ago I remember many a boring memory of sitting around campfires in Canada and listening to people playing "if I had a million dollars". BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of their humor has a certain Canadian slope to it. (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students up here, and the name "Gordon" is essentially Canadian) a couple of years passed where they struck in turmoil and I was a little grateful. Then they suddenly become huge in states, and everyone in there thinks they are this brand new band (yes, they are brand new, but they are all in their 30s!) While the rest of Canada goes "Oh Ge, I thought the guys folded many years ago, should I listen to millions of dollars again? "The concert films are not bad, but I would have liked to see more of their stage routine, shooting is not that big and things like clipping from their massive free show in Boston is glazed over too fast. The interviews are surprisingly boring for such a fun bunch of guys, I think they are all old and they have families and houses and things and have settled down. There are times when they enter the Spinal Tap type material where they deliver deadpan satire, so they break into grin and giggles it kind of destroys it. The interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media gag) and Terry David Mulligan (Music dude) are extremely pretentious and unintentional in the Tap area. <br /> <br /> This movie does not reproduce much either, I mean, it's pretty much a show and at the start of the movie they are already big and have a massive tournament, it's not like we see them rise From the haze and the "surprise" they are popular, it is a methodically planned out event, so at the end is quite lifeless, kind of half-live concert, half documentary, and not much of it either. <br /> <br />
