I am a true fan of the original Cracker series and own them all on DVD. Cracker tended to be over-the-top for occasional occasions, but Robbie Coltrane and the other cast members, as well as the authors, always seemed to carry it out despite themselves. I count the original Cracker among the big Brit TV crime series of that time, and there's a fierce competition: Prime Suspect, Inspector Frost, Inspector Morse, Jeremy Brett's Sherlock Homes and a host of others. Cracker along with Prime Suspect was at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> Which makes "A New Terror" more sad ... <br /> In the end, this was a very pale imitation of Cracker's former glory. I forced myself to sit through it all, convinced that it couldn't actually be that bad and that some sparks would eventually ignite. I was wrong, it was bad from the beginning to the end. A few criticisms: First, to get potential bias up front right from: I was offended by the anti-American anti-war screed who droned on and again during most of the show. Tops: The murder of two US innocents for any crime and a British junkie is, in Fitz's words, "understandable but not justified". I thought, "I waded through two hours of shit just to hear this nasty bit of drivel?" So I had a negative reaction to the anti-war / American tone brought about by my beliefs ... In addition to politics, I had the distinctive feeling that this Cracker was just a prop for the propaganda, and it actually has contributed to undermining an already terribly weak script. <br /> <br /> How much time has Robbie Coltrane received? Fitz was almost a bit playing in this one, as if he were an afterthought plugged into a story originally written without thinking about Fitz's role. Coltrane could have performed the show on his own wide and still appropriate flabby shoulders, but the author apparently thought of other things and missed the chance and with a wide margin. <br /> <br /> Third: WHAT AND ABYSMAL MANUSKRIPT! There was some sparkle and a few pieces of actual character development (the Fitzson ranted that Fitz couldn't stay home with him if he missed his plane to Australia, the detective who liked to beat his poor over their backpacks heads and some of the old ones Sparks between Fitz and his Missus), but not nearly enough to carry the boring story. <br /> <br /> Fourth, where in hell was the Pan-Rally? Now it would have been interesting ... After all, it was Manchester, and for 10 years she was in the row. Another wasted opportunity (or maybe the actor wasn't interested?) That's much more (it's bad) to say, but I close with a curiosity: at the end of the show (when it was broadcast on BBCA) when the advertisement announced "Director's Cut" was available on BBC On-Demand, I thought AH-HA! The director's cut, which you probably have to pay for, may have all the goodies I expected to see tonight, but never did as a coherent, interesting story. Unfortunately, having convinced me to sit through the terrible free version of "A New Terror" with the hope of seeing something, it is worth looking at, only to be disappointed, I have no hope of motivating me to actually pay for a second, potentially longer and more boring version. In addition, it hurt me to believe that BBCA sliced ​​and diced and sacrificed time to accommodate the endless (every tenth or so) stream of advertising and then turned around and asked me to pay for what was likely to have been posted tonight . <br /> <br /> To quit, I quote the first paragraph of Variety's review of "A New Terror": it really says it all: "Initial excitement about Robbie Coltrane representing his role as the BBC's flawed criminal psychologist is snowing Under the powerful political statement author Jimmy McGovern is determined to deliver within this revival vidpic, Jolting in the beginning in his message - namely that Americans are a bunch of whiny name bamboo who do not care about a whit on terrorism before it came down to our dies - McGovern's chest clearing rant overwhelm the narrative and dampens the pleasure of seeing Fitz back on the case. "
