For those of you who have never heard of it (or seen it on A&E), Cracker is a brilliant British television show about an overweight, chain-smoker, foulmouthed psychologist named Fitz, who helps the Manchester Police Department into the heads of violent criminals. It is considered one of the finest shows ever to come out of England (and it says something) and was hugely successful in England and around the world back in 1993. Now the original stars have re-teamed with the original author to knock out a more 2-hour episode. I've loved this show ever since I first saw it, over ten years ago. The DVD box puts an honor in my collection, and I can quote a lot of Fitz's interrogation scenes almost word for word. The idea of ​​Robbie Coltrane justification with Jimmy McGovern for another TV movie about Fitz filled me with absolute joy. <br /> <br /> I'll start with the good. One of the many things that impressed me about the original Cracker series was how fast Fitz was defined as a sign. Five minutes into the first episode ?? with his lecture (throwing the books in the air), his drink and his cussing of the guy after him at the gambling machine queue ?? And you just knew who this character was. You can feel that he "clicks" into your mind, the kind of click that only happens when a great actor gets a big role written by a great writer. <br /> <br /> Of course, Coltrane was amazing throughout the show, but I've always felt some of the later episodes ?? those not written by McGovern ?? abused the character. <br /> <br /> So the good news is this: Fitz is back. As soon as you see him in this show ?? makes incredibly inappropriate comments on his daughter's wedding ?? you will feel "clicking" again. It is he: the petulant for a moment and really sad the next, always insightful, sincere to the point of tactlessness but excellent fun in the process. If you love this character as much as I do, you'll love how he's portrayed in the movie. And this extends to Judith and Mark: In fact, everything that needs to be done with Fitzs is handled perfectly. <br /> <br /> The problem I have with this movie is about the crime that Fitz is trying to solve. In standard Cracker mode, do we know exactly who the criminal is in the first five minutes ?? The thrill lies in seeing Fitz find out. In this case, we have a serial killer who is out for American blood. And the reason for this is unfortunately not due to a credible psychological trauma? It seems that the murders are here just to allow the author to show his personal political beliefs. It's hard for me to write this as I really think Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers in the world. Neither do I have a problem with movies about current issues or films that take political stand. But in the Cracker universe, we expect to see the characters behave like humans, not as caricatures. Instead, the Americans in this movie are all depicted in a completely stereotypical way. They know-nothing highs that complain about everything, treat the locals as crap and cheat on their wives? One of them even manages to do everything above in less than 5 minutes. I honestly thought I had mistakenly changed channels or something. <br /> <br /> But that doesn't stop there. We get constant reminders of how much the war in Iraq is going on? reminders that have nothing to do with history and seem almost out of nothing. The murderer is so busy tearing over how Bush is worse than Hitler, that he almost forgets to continue with the murder; But more to that point, he is a mouthpiece for the author's political point of view that he forgets to act as a credible person, and thus we ?? as the audience ?? Don't buy his sudden transformation from a happy family into a tortured serial leader. <br /> <br /> I can't say this ruined the show for me ?? It was still good TV, better than almost anything else in the genre (mainly due to once again Coltrane). But its constant politicization made it impossible for it to be as good as the real Cracker classics as "being someone"? an episode that was just as "issuey" but one that was handled with much more subtlety and psychological depth. Two other small points: Non-panhandling is a disappointment, but what's worse is her replacements. The entire police department ?? As long as filled with such large figures - is now full of vanilla. Completely interchangeable police who lack any personality (how to drain Coupling's Richard Coyle of personality is beyond me, but it actually lacks here). <br /> <br /> There are also moments when the show lost its credibility to me. One such example is that Fitz must narrow down the entire population of Manchester from 1 million to a hundred based on some very strange criteria (French windows? How about the computer, whether I have French windows?) ?? He not only succeeds in doing this, but he succeeds in less than an hour. I don't think so. <br /> <br /> All in all, I was a little disappointed. It is recommended to see but remember to leave at least some of your expectations at the door. But if there are new series to come after this, it would all have been good: I am convinced that McGovern can still write good things and maybe now that he has his policy out of his system, he can go back to writing about people.
