Man, I find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had something to do with this mess. After seeing the first two episodes so far, I think I can confidently say that this show is not going to be on mine, see the list. There are just as many things working against it. <br /> <br /> None of the cast actors are particularly good. Anna Paquin, the main character Sookie, is just awful. I remember being better in many other things I've seen her in, so maybe it's just the writing. She's not really fun to look at either, there are moments where to be honest, she looks pretty ugly. The actor who plays Bill is marginally better if only because his character must be kind of tree and secluded. The other actors do their best, but with the clichés that find it difficult to perform accents, they get it a hard work. Tara is an absolute misery to see, Rutina Wesley kills the accent. It's like nails on a blackboard badly. Almost as terrible is Nelsan Ellis, it is hard to understand what he himself sometimes says. Both his character as well as Tara are also a little racist to me. I don't know having a sign saying "whycome" on an HBO show that is not The Wire, just seems a bit odd. Rounding off the cast so far is Sookie's killing grandmother, her sex addict brother, and the only bit of genius casting I've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be swaying towards that destination at this time without any real concern about keeping the viewer interested. Romance thing is very Dark Shadow sewing. Though this show-ups the camp factor from something like the old dark shadows episodes times around ten. At times, it seemed so difficult to me that I just suppose it was supposed to be. But, unlike a show like Buffy, who pulled the camp out masterfully, this show doesn't. Out of place with campiness is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show. I'm not resistant to any of these when they're done well, as they have in many other HBO shows, but here at least the long-lasting, rough sex scenes involving Jason Stackhouse seem a little over the top and pointless . <br /> <br /> About the only lovely thing I really would like to say about this mess is that I liked the opening of the title sequence. HBO has had a major disadvantage with their shows lately, I hope they cancel this after the first season and try to get something better on the air.
