For each series that makes it TV, 100 ideas are created, written 50 scripts, 15 pilots are made, and one, only one, actually makes it into production. From such a selection process, we believe that the final product must be the cream of the crop, for which reason so many ideas could be rejected to give us a single television series. <br /> <br /> And so it goes with True Blood; all the stars were in adaptation, and what started as a series of novels was transformed into an idea, a play, a pilot and finally a series. Unfortunately, it can sometimes be a long journey and along the way there are many turns that ultimately change what was good and clean, and show that production people feel would be best for reviews. Oh, how wrong are they so often ... True Blood is an example of a creative concept developed for one of the poorest story lines, worst plays and silliest subgroups as something in recent television history. Its international cast of relatively unknown actors struggles to find their voices, but continues to stumble upon their fake southern accents. Alan Ball is not so secret lust for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse) giving us a new naked shot every week, although it often has nothing to do with history. Tars' black female characterization fails to connect, and you find yourself secretly and hopes that the rapists take her out quickly before entering another talk of white repression while attending a Confederacy Glorious Dead ceremony. Sam finds oppressed love for Sookie and suddenly we have to believe that he must look over her morning, dinner and night despite many years of work with her and avoid such a relationship. As for Bill the Vampire, his moral reason is quickly abandoned by the first chance to love with Sookie and has no problem making a quick snack of her (although she is a little unlucky). We find the other vampires that are not as common as Bill, but who want to be widely accepted by a public as they look at the living as good meals with bones. <br /> <br /> Despite my best efforts to suffer through the first six episodes I have come to realize that no matter how long you see a bad show, it's still bad. Somethings die for a reason, even vampires. Maybe this show should.
