This show had a lot of hype, but I didn't know about it until the midseason (season 1). Someone even recommended the show to me. But I decided that if I were to see it, I had to wait until the end of the season so I could see it in bulk. Because of the show's format, I'm glad I waited. I can imagine that it would have been rather annoying that almost every episode ends in the middle of a rocker, so you have to wait a week to find out what's happening in the next second of history. show has managed to throw too much sex. Jason wants sex with just about everything that moves. Right after he finds out that a woman he had sex with was killed, he is in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam get it on, despite each of them knowing that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason Sookie gets angry when she later finds out - even if she is sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the show is that it does not do a good job of making you interested in the characters. I really didn't care about Jason. Along with his endless pursuit of narration, he was rude to the people who were actually worried about him. After a few episodes, I would not have thought if he was killed in one way or another. For that reason, I was mostly uninterested in the murders until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more involved in Jason). <br /> <br /> As soon as Sookie and Bill have sex, the story gets a couple more subplots. Tars mother wants an exorcism, so exorcist lady tries to convince Tara that she must have one to remove her own demon. I was not so much bothered by the whole exorcism of things that I know there are some people who really believe in those things. But they waste some time showing that it's a farce just after Tara spends about $ 1,300 on exorcisms for her and her mother. On other points, some of the developments happen too quickly. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell his grandmother's stuff to buy vampire blood, which apparently is the new crack or something. In his search, he finds this girl who will make V (vampire blood) with him. They become tall and in three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill goes to a vampire court. He has only gone for two days before Sookie begins to feel abandoned and start wondering if he thinks "vampire policy" is more important than her. Subtlety is not this show's strong suit. It doesn't take a genius to find out what happens to the local dog. Although my assumption was not dead, it was not so much of a surprise. But the last two episodes were where it really became annoying as it just pushed all the developments in your face as if you couldn't figure it out yourself. When Tara enters the car accident, the naked lady's face with the pig is clearly shown and was easily recognizable as she got into the bailout prison. As if that wasn't enough, they later show the lady with the pig in her house. Then it's time to pack up the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it is revealed that Renee is not who he says he is and is probably the killer. In the last episode, they push Renee as the killer in your face. Sookie notes that it is strange that René's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought it was fine as it adds that Renee is a fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee is tied to Maudette with the vampire, and his fiance finds a bond in one of René's boxes about how to fall a Cajun accent. At this point, it was just ridiculous. I mean we get it !!! So blah blah things happen. Bill almost kills himself while he fails to save Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They start to create season 2 by leaving unfinished problems. The naked pig lady and Sam have a story that Lafayette has disappeared and may have been killed. Jason is being brainwashed to be a religious nut by some anti-vampire churches - which makes me indifferent to him even less. It is almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show. I think I just expected this show to be better. I'm interested to see what happens in season 2, but if I see it, I'll most likely wait for the season to finish.
