There are two kinds of signs in SHIELD: People who try to do the best they can and do the right thing, and people who relentlessly pursue their own self-interest and commit any deadly sin can at the same time tell themselves and everyone else that they are heroes and everybody's hope. More than any other show, SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self-confidence. Unfortunately, the hypocrites and the self-propelled they show are heroes, and as such, the typical genre-fiction heroes have an unlikely immunity to be defeated or captured, and they come out on top over and over and trickle out of all their peers. <br /> <br /> The exhibition boasts excellent camera work. The wiring and fade-outs are always fantastic. It really is a work of art to see. Unfortunately, history is a cartoon-like, overwhelmed set of scenes of free violence, rape and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero, who draws everyone with him in the wrong order after unsuccessful scheme, is wiley as a warner bridge cartoon character who always escapes and makes fun of all the elf fads (anyone who doesn't support him their lies and crimes), which automatically attracts any beautiful woman who supports the character of the show, always survives any attempt to bring him to justice, and NEVER scares your ears with her incredible self-evidences. If another policeman discovers something wrong with something he is doing and someone gets injured because of his actions, he always blames the suspicious policeman, even though his schemes and deepened lies and convicted plans are always the cause. Every time. As the 24-year-old, this show is dependent on contrivances and countless delays to pull his story off season after season. Drilling, incredible long-lasting stories are injected into the big line every season to create a skeleton where you can hang the bloody, perverted pieces of meat, which are the character's corrupt actions and the inevitable cover-ups. <br /> <br /> Most disappointing is the author's hubris as they try to change viewers' sympathy back and forth, to and from the characters at whims. Sometimes they want us to see Shane as the enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a badly misunderstood soul. Sometimes they want to see Vic as a dangerous, sexual dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a heart of gold. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a low-worn Jezebel. Then they think that if they show her that they are talking about their dreams with Shane, we will find her sympathetic and tragic. None of this manipulation is sufficient to achieve the kind of sympathy they want. Once they have shown these signs, the lives of others are destroying their own goals, that is it. It is nonsense to continue trying to turn back and forth. But then it is also nonsense to produce seven seasons of these bumbling clowns, drawing each supermodel that exists in their beds and running a crime syndicate right out of the police station, just below everyone's noses.
