Seen in South Africa, a young black guy is trying to land a role in a "gangsta" movie. But without knowledge of street life, he was told to find out what that life really is or he will not share. He manages to work his way into a gang led by an old friend from his school and his chances of appearing in the movie decline when he commits crimes. But for the gang leader, the burgeoning disaster in his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with himself. <br /> <br /> Although it may sound relatively interesting, it is anything but. The first half of it is incredibly meandering and boring, while the "hijacking" only takes place at the end with some very poorly executed low-speed trains. In these "chases" only two police cars are used, both are early 90's Nissan Sunny's. Not only would these be quite cheap to pick up (and I find it rather difficult to believe that they would use such ordinary old cars in South Africa in the year 2000), but as far as I can remember there are only 2 involved and none of them They get a scratch once. The car's chases are very badly shot, with distant and poorly timed camera angles and minimal road traffic, and they are anywhere in about 2 minutes at maximum, believing that a very young child is actually a high-skilled driver who easily can evade the police even though driving is pedestrian and completely unexciting. This now leads me to the characters and the play, which is just as bad. The aforementioned child driving the car looks about 13 years old and appears to be extremely skilled at losing the incredibly outrageous police. Everyone else is just as convincing, so much so that they even get bored at times. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, our protagonist ("Sox Moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a parking lot. While there are problems opening it, the police arrive and ask him what he is doing and he answers by telling him it's their car. After a brief argument, they try to arrest him, and he then holds the police in rifle and jumps back into their car. After he is in, the police turns over again and again he gets hurt. After another pathetic chase sequence, they decide to give up the car and set it up to destroy evidence. What follows here is one of the most ridiculously horrible, horrific special effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", superimposed flames appear suddenly from each window with terrible sound effects that are not even in time. It is so poorly done and so false to see that it is difficult to even say it in words and really should be seen as being believed. If you see it in slow motion, it looks even more fun. I've seen better effects than this in murder reconstruction documentaries. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be a huge amount at all, and they seriously could not afford to ruin it with a real explosion? I want to know how big the budget for this movie was. It feels so cheap that I'm surprised that it did it outside of South Africa, and even more surprised it made it a DVD release. I know it's not a big budget Hollywood production. I know it's supposed to show gangs in poor townships in South Africa, stealing middle-class cars and selling parts on the black market, but with the ridiculous effects, badly-done car gates, horrible plays and ridiculous characters, any sense of reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I definitely do not recommend you to see this. If you want a laugh and see one of the most poorly made, low-budget fairs by amovie ever created, then I would recommend it and only that. <br /> <br /> It's a miserable, poorly crafted, poorly edited, poorly-paced and boring piece of low budget drive that fails at all. I have seen many South African films, including lots of cheap NuImage / Nu-World action pictures, and despite their cheesiness, they are far better than this at all points.
