***** WARNING, MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS TO KNOW MORE UNDER THIS TRIPE. **** <br /> <br /> Here's some great advice for anyone living in the UK. When Channel 5 has an old 80's comedy in the late evening, read a book instead. I'm in the process of recovering from a seizure because I read some of the comments on this movie here. I am actually shocked that someone actually said this movie was realistic! All I can say is God, the Cold War is never escalated, otherwise we might as well have given the Commission borders ... I found this movie bleak in the highest sense, maybe it's just my British perception of what makes a movie funny, who knows? But in all respects this movie is not just horrible, its teeth abrasive horrible. I have never been a fan of Bill Murray and its rubbish like this that justifies my feelings towards him. Don't make me wrong, I loved Ghostbuster's, which was made only three years after this movie. But this summarizes Bill Murray really up. I can safely say that I have not wasted my time as blatantly as this since seeing the first operation of Operation Delta Force above, although these two films have more in common than you would think. For 1 thing, they both have horrible actions from the beginning to the end, and 2. They are both riddled with cheesy cliches throughout. <br /> <br /> Here's one thing these guys should be in the "US Army". Still, they are allowed to turn around their camp, Willy nilly, seduce female military police officers, and then shake them stupidly in the general quarter. Talk about random! This movie is just horrible for this I am afraid of. Don't make me wrong, I'm not feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women actually fall over their heels in love with the two characters shortly after arresting them so they get free ... Twice it's just insulting to the female race. The fact that a tattooed, fat lip bum (Winger) and his rude sidekick Ramis simply can talk into the underwear of the MP as they fall in love, and the two are nothing short of ridiculous. <Br /> <br /> Then there are training scenes where you come to meet Squad "Phycho" who endlessly threatens to kill anyone who touches him or his stuff, followed by the obese blocks (played by that late and the great John Candy) who claims he joined the army to "avoid paying $ 400 for anger management classes". Leading to the loudly mouthed Murray celebrated the "Giant Toe" (WTF?) 'Drill Seargent', who could honestly not organize a pi $$ in a brewery, let alone his ties of recruits. All this scene serves to do is prelude lots of battle scenes where people say "way to go asshole"! "all the time, etc. The scenes then continue to show the rag tag, which makes complete tits by itself on the Assault Course, leading to a scene where one of them shoots wildly into the air of some passing birds with an assault rifle, peering a clock tower with bullets. (Like that. Yep, told you that this movie was random ... He miraculously escapes also undecided ...) Gradually the outgoing parade leads where the effortless squad turns a magic turn within two hours. (Bugger me, Miracle!) Thanks to some clever words from Murray, which they directly lead a massive no-military as a dance routine in front of a Geriatric 'General' in front of the rest of the team, all this for the great joy of their two Girlfriends at the booth who really should have arrested them ... Everyone laughs though, this bit is nothing short of amazing, so he chooses to protect a new Multi-Million Dollar Prototype Armored Vehicle in Italy (which turns out to be just a mobile house painted green with lots of gadgets on the inside), claiming "this is exactly what this army needs!" righto ... Then there is the dire final where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this top secret prototype Military Vehicle for to pick up their newly acquired and slightly hyperactive MP friends in Germany. To which Hapless Captain (John Larroquette) then finds out and leads the Squad of Fresh Recruits at a retrieval Mission for this vehicle. As they do, a "wrong turn" takes one route and ends in Soviet hero Czechoslovakia where they are trapped (As we do not come ...) Thus, a rescue attempt by Ramis and Murray + Birds begins, where is there a great fight, lots of shooting from the hip and blowing. With them come back as National Heroes, humiliating the Russians by calling them "pussies" etc. Etc. The end. It is true. No Courts Martial, nothing. They only stole a prototype Military vehicle, drove it into a Warsaw Pactland and caused almost an international event that could have triggered WW3! <br /> <br /> This movie is frankly more fun to be diagnosed with a terminal illness. I know it was supposed to be a comedy, it got all the right actors to it, but where the hell is it? Did Channel 5 cut these bits out? The only redeeming feature of this movie is the repeated use of naked women who take showers and mud. (as I said, randomly) Not that it helps distract from the fact that this is a completely crap movie, of course. This film must realistically be aimed at immature 9-year-olds, unfortunately we have to see it instead. 1 star out of 10 - Total Tripe. My advice, do something a little more useful with your time. Like Castrating itself ...
