I just watched "If ??" I remember the advertisements for the 1968 movie, so I was interested in finally seeing it. It could be an American perspective that never went to a British public school and miss some of the social references, but I thought the movie was horrible. For one thing others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire movie to the very ballyhooed-to-the-time revolt to break out. For someone else, whether the last scene is real or imagined, there is not a rebellion, but a firing ramp. There is quite a difference. <br /> <br /> I know it can be bad to judge a movie on subsequent events, but you can't help but do it here. One person wrote a bulletin board asking us not to compare the end of the movie to the events at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a scintilla of difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on one side and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other, I simply can't see it. All four were under the guise of their firefighters cleaning a world war that the arrogant did not assume any responsibility. <br /> <br /> Which brings me to: Why the hell is Travis and his chums even in a school they despise so you are adults, or close to it. They are not in a military prison, just like the inmates in "The Hill", a much better British movie from about the same time. No one forces them to go to college and take the whip off, except perhaps for ambitious parents who need a wake-up call for their son's nature. I had the opportunity to attend a frat in college, except that I couldn't stand stupid, cruel orders of criminals claiming to be my future "brothers." I took the consequences of not having "in" with the company that the phrase gives, and I can't say I regretted it. <br /> <br /> If Travis enjoys Lenin's second coming (whose unmade image is prominent in his room) he is free to go out and organize a fitter's association or work for Michael Foot in the next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, then you get on the road and start writing. What benefit is he making the world shake a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris", where Brando mops about having to go on a date with cow manure on his shoes. In the real world, the person said a listener would say, "Why don't you shrug it off? Change your shoes?" - Don't let fictitious characters put you on a course, because you dare not designate a common sense course for them. So it's here.
