if .... is the cinematic equivalent of Sgt. Pepper is: Reborn by baby boomers as the highlight of creation, and is considered a stupid piece of business by past and subsequent generations. Now that the middle-class kids around the world are apparently super human because of the internet, and seeing the prospect of the college as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the Harry Potter books / films, if the relevance of if .... couldn't be longer from modern concern. In fact, many scenes are so alien and exaggerated as hints for inspiration for Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> You should never keep personal bias against a movie under review and the cemented date of this movie aside, there are a few mistakes others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel, on top of being generally too smart for his own good. And despite a fair tale through the first and second action, the last part of the play was taken in hostages by cod Buñuel surrealism and strained attempts at symbolism. Anderson was not able to do this feat because of his over-intelligent cynicism, not seeing Buñuel jovial in his work. I have not found a critic who masters 'Chaplain in a drawer' and I am almost certain that it still gets sideways look from those who love this movie. The end is not so much a precise hit to the established class / value system as a wet patch on a moving target. The British primary school system was firm for the middle class (the upper crust is trained at home by private counselors). And the modus operandi of if .... was checking out the boxes of the public school life that Lindsay thought had been unexplored in movies and thus missing the middle class beauty. Homosexuality, generational cutlery, cold shower etc. In fact, such problems had been covered by many other great British films if .... just brought them to the fore. Browning Version was a more skewed condemnation of such a pump, to name just one. <br /> <br /> if .... is oddly picturesque and simply cannot be seen with modern (especially American) eyes. Kudos to Anderson to avoid Mick and Kieth in favor of African chant, and a pair of brownie points for the latent homoerotic overtones. Points deducted from bias, creation of signs that disappear, and encourage a glide revolution that came to naught.
