Oh, '68 'spirit. The streets of Paris run wild with rebellion, the hippies were high on the spirit of love. How did Britain mark this radicalism and revolution? Erm, by looking it up, dear Old Blighty focused on making films about boys in boarding schools. If ... contains the evil establishment. It contains the rebellion of the oppressed. What is lacking in contrast to the Parisien passion and the hippy headtripping is a sense of excitement, except in its all-out ammunition and the artillery fire ends. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Anderson is, if ... stars the eternal marvelous Malcolm McDowell as one of three private school students decorating their dorm room with photos of Lenin and other leftist radicals. It is obviously an anti-establishment film in its portrayal of the evil upper classes oiks, which governs the roost and the ancient autocratic practice of the pish-posh public school standard. What does If ... unusual, however, for all its radical sympathies, it does not explicitly give us a sense of great excitement between human decency and the despotic school system, instead it is just kind of floats: lacking in plot and lacking in personality. <br /> <br /> Surreal bits blow in and out occasionally, and the movie slides from black and white to color again (due to the low budget or is it an artificial expression?), but there is little interest to talk about. All we get is the horrible degradation where the young rebels reach their rifles and shoot down the company's shady overlords. Hooray! A revolution! Finally, something that requires a different mindset as opposed to the rest of this tedious daytime exercise in boarding school. <br /> <br /> If ... could have been a strong political statement, but as it is, run it and gather only some sense of direct interest at the end. Instead of being a testament to the dissident in the late fifties, it only manages to be an enchanted document of high-class British education. Anarchy? Apathy more like, the only man many viewers would like to keep it after seeing if ... will be Lindsay Anderson.
