The British Public School system did not develop solely with the idea of ​​educating the upper classes despite the popular and widespread misunderstanding. It was designed to produce administrators and governors, government officials and military men to drive British colonies. These people were almost entirely employed by the middle class. When public schools started to show their worth, the aristocracy's scions were sent to them instead of being trained at home by counselors and governors who had previously been. They used to favor the schools closer to "Town" so Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with the class of parent. The vast majority of public schools took their pupils from lower down to the social scale. Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous Public School pupil, was ever the son of a country spouse, not a band earl. Thus, in the late 1960s England, a country in need of postcolonial guilt and shed the last of its commitments to its former dependents, as soon as Harold Wilson could slip from his "Gannex" mask, Lindsay Anderson's "If "met with the cathartic pleasure of chattering the classes and the gentle bemusement of everyone else. One must keep in mind that the so-called "summer of love" was followed by the "October Revolution", a non-event that left a few police officers in London with crushed head and the American embassy with one or two broken windows, but certainly did not achieve anything . So, when Mr Anderson's film reached the cinemas, the disgruntled former revolutionaries discovered what they saw as Mr Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "Them" despite the fact that he was ruthlessly slain at the end, a fate. who would undoubtedly have overtaken them had they succeeded in their attempt to enter the USEmbassy. The film told us no news about public schools, homosexuality, bullying of cold showers, patrician sarcastic teachers, stupid traditions. An all too familiar list. It was declared to be an allegory comparing Britain with the corrupt, crumbling society represented by the school. Well, nearly forty years at the same schools are still thriving, the British social system has not changed, "the October Revolution" is long forgotten, except those involved on one side or the other, and Mr Anderson has completed his "state of Country "trilogy to no effect at all. If you were a chance to read a book about schoolboys that made the system more successful than Mr McDowell and his friends and also lived to tell the story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co." written by the man whose very maligned poem "If" borrowed that name for Mr Anderson's film, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is quietly airbrushed out of our literary history. And do it before the chatting classes succeed in declaring him a non-person. Maybe someone should start a revolution about it.
