There is a really good scene in Faat Kine. The title character comes in an argument with another woman, and after being threatened, Faat Kine sprays her in the face. The scene works because the action is so unexpected, bizarre, and pretty fun at the same time. In one instance, the author / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to fight for, an interesting movie character that could be worth seeing in two hours. In the scene he presents a courageous woman who is brave in her actions. For the rest of the movie, the only thing he seems to present is conflicting tones. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere. It's true that not all movies fit into a particular genre, but I don't think Faat Kine fits into any genre. It is apparently a drama, although there are moments of such a broad comedy (the aforementioned face spray) that it cannot be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with the plentiful amount of serious issues that the Sembes have brought into the picture. There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, the Semebene does not find this balance. Instead, one scene shoots one after another just into each other without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has trouble driving two hours with an extremely drawn finale. The movie ends with a big party where all the conflicts of the character are solved, only they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene that takes place in probably twenty minutes. Because the rest of the scenes until that time have been changing, the finals are extremely difficult to endure with repetition that begins early on stage, giving a frustrating experience. I'm probably too hard on Faat Kine. I'm not the right audience for that. I felt nothing against the characters and had no connection to any part of the story. There are people who are likely to find something meaningful in history and see strong signs. However, I couldn't do it and therefore cannot recommend it.
