A young man kills a young woman for no reason. Husband's brother is imprisoned by charges of being accomplice but soon escaping. By fleeing, the seemingly innocent man kidnapped three victims, and soon he throws his girlfriend into the plot. If this is not bad enough, the situation quickly makes a downward spiral. <br /> <br /> This movie had some good aspects and many bad ones. Its strongest aspect was leading actress Emily Haack. In addition to the fact that she is nude in a lot of this movie, she presents herself as a decent actress and a very strong character. I see no reason why she cannot take this experience and somehow make it a career in one way or another. I was convinced she was a ruthless person. <br /> <br /> Also, the filmmakers in this movie were very bold and drew no blows. Graphic nudity (both male and female), coprophagia and extreme anal violence are not separated from. I like my horror movies to push the boundaries a bit, and this completely ignored them partly to Gomorrah. Maybe it was too much, but I think they have achieved what they were looking for. <br /> <br /> But now they are negative aspects. First and foremost, this film is very low budget, and the film quality shows this. I can excuse it - the plot was decent, it worked fine and in some scenes the lower quality movie actually made the movie more disturbing (a more realistic feeling). So I won't scold them for having low quality equipment. What I want to separate them from is the use of bad choices in shots. No reason I can observe (besides plumping the film), there is a large amount of pictures of a cemetery. I don't really know why, and I began to sincerely shut down at this time because it was so long and meaningless. <br /> <br /> I also take a question with the title. The idea here was to deceive people into believing that this movie had any connection to the classic "I spit on your grave". Now there is a line that seems to mean the main character is the woman's daughter from this other movie. And the themes are very much the same (a woman gets revenge on men). But there is no fixed connection, and the reason why this title was chosen was that the video store customer should think they were getting a successor. This was misleading and dishonest. My last major complaint is that this plot doesn't make any real sense. Not even a little. A woman is initially killed for no reason. A prison airport finds time to kidnap people to torture them for no reason (because they expelled their boyfriend?). The same man goes from good to very evil without explanation. Likewise, the women's leadership (Haack) turns to normal man for a person who is too cruel and sadistic, with no reason whatsoever, and against people who were mostly only marginally significant to her (a neighbor offering drugs for sex, is wrong but in no way worth being tortured for). Don't let this title fool you or the claims that the movie is incredibly shocking. Yes, some scenes were shocking, but the vast majority of the movie is boring and makes you take a nap. If you see this in the video store or on Netflix, just continue browsing. Or rent it and we can sit and air it for hours. You have been warned.
