Shock merchant Leo Fulci is taking a pace of change by creating a fuzzy, barely coherent sword and wizard fantasy film instead of his usual crooked, scarce, horror. <br /> <br /> A thriving Orlando Bloom type called Ilias, from any society resembling the ancient Greece, travels across the sea to the caveman territory in a certain vaguely defined striving for evil, joining an animal-loving hunter to battle the wolfman and mutant minions of a vampire-like topless evil-man. Wackiness follows. The magician suppresses the local cavalry and wants the magic bow for himself. She sends different minions, every weatherman than the last one, after our heroes, who ultimately win and hit a blow for the suppressed cavemen everywhere. This movie contains a steady stream of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason the whole movie is shot in soft focus and the image is further blurred by the constant presence of fog on the screen. This may have been an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how false everything looks. No matter what, it succeeded. There is no atmosphere unless it is a haze and mild confusion, and there is no shedding on how lame everything looks. The wolf's minions look like a poor man wookie. For some reason, the director fell in love with shots of those who jumped through the air in slow motion, six million dollar man style, against our heroes as they attack. There are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets worse every time. The other minions of the topless wizard, except the generic leather-clad humans, are some lumpy white mutants that appear to be covered by cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and unpleasant, and when they speak sounds like gay Spanish-speaking, lisping Daleks. The fighting is silent and convincing, and the special effects are sad. Oh yes, the music is cheap synthesizer stuff that the creators of Doctor Who would have been embarrassed to have used. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is bland and forgettable. He also sees a complete wuss, especially with his midriff revealing leather outfit and big hair, and this is clearly a fun thing. Yes, he is a dynamite shooter with his magic bow, but he only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight all this evil continent. Needless to say, he runs out of arrows within a few minutes and needs to be rescued by more traditional swords and sorcerers, Mace. When he meets Ilias, he establishes himself as a stylish type, claiming that he has no friends, but not before can one say latent homoerotic subtitles, they are barmen, traipsing the thickened trays together. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in return for bow-related favors. Ilias asks where he is going. "Where my legs take me" is his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also wildlife and monstrous hypocrites. He proclaims his great love and affinity for animals, quoting the usual things about how he prefers them for humans, because humans can be sooo significant. He says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself, but he will steal meat from other people who have hunted animals. Nor is he accidentally killed innocent passers by for no good reason. Not long after they meet, he tests Ilias bow and the film cuts to a random hollow man, thinks his own business, goes on and Mace shoots him dead. There is no evidence that this bad soul did anything to deserve this, and even Ilias, who apparently comes from a more moral and civilized society, does not even increase an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The film's scab is quite unusual. For the whole movie, she is completely naked except for a g-string and a golden mask that includes her entire head. It's like Fulci has included her to make the movie's mandatory T&A quota, but decided she was a little too much of a last minute butterfree. She spends a lot of time apparently being pleasured by her expensive snakes and dreaming of being shot by a faceless bow wielding man dressed as Ilias. Wow, such a symbolism! Later in the film, she knocks out when she can't beat Ilias and Mace and promises to become the sex slave of some old warlords if he kills them. Hardly the world's most scary villain and not really a step forward for women's rights. I think he is the cobweb creatures of our heroes and mimics Mace in a situation where there are no others around but Mace to fool. Was he really worthy of trading your own respect for, Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are a lot of other WTFs? moments. Most of them come at the end of the movie. Ilias wusses out, I forget why, perhaps his permed hairdo was mussed, but realizes the error of his ways and returns to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, his bow cannot suddenly eradicate several targets seeking energy bolt. The bolts can also shoot through solid rock when needed. Needless to say, he does short work with hordes of evil guys who have captured Mace. <br /> <br /> Climaxet is also pretty indecent. Mace decimates Ocron's remaining forces using the bay-targeted laser attack capability. He is able to shoot Ocron from a mile away using his shot through rock capacity. She starts dying. Her mask is torn by revealing a fierce Muppet head. She spells around screaming and becomes a dog and walks with another dog. Mace smiles. Role of credits. Enough to the extent that these risky low budget swords and Turkish films are quite clear and focused. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and meandering these movies really can be.
