Despite being released on DVD by Blue Underground some five years ago, I have never come across this Italian "sword and wizardry" on Italian television at the end of the night and now that I've seen it for myself I know exactly why. Not because of its director's typical feeling of extreme gore (of which there are some examples to be sure of) or the fact that the handful of women in the parade topless all the time (that is, in the dark) is simply very bad things . In fact, I will go so far as to say that it may well be the worst of its kind I have yet seen and believe me I have seen lots (especially in the last few years ie after my 2004 Venice trip Film Festival)! To read about how the film's failure at the time of the first release is believed to have led to its director's subsequent (and regrettable) career in mindless low budget gore, I can see their point: I prefer Fulci's former "giallo" period ( 1968-77) to his more popular objection (1979-82) himself, but even in the latter, his obligation was undoubtedly undeniable. On the other hand, CONQUEST does not seem to have inspired Fulci at least ?? see how he decided to drape the case with an annoying eternal mist, sprinkle it with inconsistent characters (cannibals vs. werewolves, anyone?), irrelevant gore (we are treated to a gratuitous, unpleasant cannibal dinner just before we testify to the carnivorous breeders have their brains literally knocked out of their hairy antagonists!) and even some very unpleasant intimacies between the masked, brain-slipping scab (don't ask) and her slimy reptilian pets !! For what it is worth, we have two heroes for the prize of one here: a young magical arborist boy on a man-confirming odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and his wandering muscular companion (Jorge Rivero, ie Frenchy from Howard Hawks' RIO LOBO [1970]! ), Which, despite being called Mace (abbreviated for Maciste, perhaps?) Seems to be there simply to get into his cavewoman from time to time and get his younger protégé out of trouble (especially during an exceedingly unpleasant attack of ' boils'). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material comes up short here as ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti's electronic score sometimes seems terribly inappropriate. Fulci commits himself to giving the film a ridiculously hurried coda with the surviving tiny heart that goes into the desert effortlessly (having beaten it all with the help of the serious magic bow, so much for its own supposed physical strength!) on his next ?? and fortunately unmade ?? fairy tale!
