A model named Laura works in South America when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken in the jungle. They require a large ransom for her release. Peter is hired to get her home safely and there is a bonus in it for him if he can get the money back as well as the girl. Peter is taken to the jungle with helicopter with friend Jack. They try to give the kidnappers false money in return for Laura, but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to rescue the helicopter. The helicopter is shot and they must also carry it off (do not go so well). Also roaming the jungles is a devil of sorts. In fact, it's just a naked black guy with odd big eyes and a breathing problem. He starts killing a couple of the kidnappers, and Laura only escapes to be caught by some primitives. The rest of the movie is a bit of a blur really. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not a massive Jess Franco fan, actually to date it's only the other movie of his I have seen, but even I can tell that this really isn't one of his best efforts. The films pull together at a rather slow pace without much happening at all. Everything could have been edited quite easily into a 25 minute TV show. There are lots of too long shots of people going through the jungle that could just have been lifted straight out. Devil Hunter is poorly informed (Infact I don't think it was lit at all), badly baptized, badly acted and slowly yet for some reason it didn't carry me. I think the main reason for this was some of the hilarious bad scenes in it. For example, a scene in which Laura walks on the street is of course shot in a real street as the crowds of people stop staring right at the camera as its shoot. Another fun scene has one of the bands that have been killed, hung in a tree that drinks blood, as one of his friends stands directly under him and screams for what looks like minutes. Then there's no reason for it all, the man in the tree's head just falls and hits the guy under him. It must be seen as believed. Then of course there is the actual devil. It's just a little naked black guy, who, despite the fact that he has massive eyes, has very blurred vision. <br /> <br /> The movie was part of the video's nasty scare in the 80s here in England and was banned. Now why was it I have no idea. There is very little doing at all and it is hardly a shocking movie. Minus nudity I would have said it could get away with a PG almost. All I can think of is that it was never seen and added to the original list because of mouth to mouth. There is not much reason to watch this movie unless you are a massive Jess Franco fan. There is plenty of nudity to prevent you from falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad that you can have a good laugh on them, but I would say that you just pay for a ticket to South America and goes wild in a jungle. It would probably be more fun. <br /> <br /> 3/10
