Do you know all these letters to "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" sent every year? Now it turns out that they have not actually been delivered, but fell into a half-forgotten corner of the post office to touch unless a light spark shows a way to send them. As bizarre settings go, it is a winner and one that fits perfectly with the weird movie "Dead Letter Office". That said, this is of course an Australian movie as opposed to a British one. If it was Royal Mail, most letters still receive this kind of treatment. I haven't been to this apartment for two years and we still get letters to a Mr. Wang, a female pastor in the Church for the last day, I have never heard you and various industrial equipment catalogs addressed to a plumbing company. <br /> <br /> "Dead Letter Office" (the name of the place where the non-deliverable mail ends) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) growing up in a severely divided home. Writing to her absent father, she only teaches in adulthood that her letters have not been delivered for some reason. So logically she gets a job at D.L.O. and finds himself with other social rejections, including the shocking Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly she finds herself attracted to him, but can she find out where her father is without bringing the dead letter office into his knees? Although I didn't recall this movie, I was reminded of the God-fearing Heather Graham movie "Committed" while watching this. But it's so much better than the pile of horseshoes, but it's not that difficult again. For a start, this movie is much more logical. True, the metaphors are somewhat blatant, and the under-flowing symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But at least it is coherent and quirky without being completely drifting. It's also well-acted. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good, as the lovers look for something they know they will never find, while other characters at best are peripheral. Part of the problem is that it seems to unpack too quickly, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed. The second part is that when you consider Australia's draconian immigration policy (ie if you don't speak English, rack off!), Such a story is unlikely to happen in reality. The other figures, unfortunately, also help to destabilize realism by turning out to be slightly more than odd ball stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Despite that, "Dead Letter Office" is definitely something else. It couldn't be for everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was hackneyed and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without weapons or violence or fierce hardship and nudity (no chance of it in an Australian movie). There is no big laugh, there is no Bullet Time, and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it's the story that counts here, and while it's not groundbreaking in its grandeur, it's a pleasant enough way to pass the time. It's the movie that is similar to a Sheryl Crow CD - great to listen to over and over, but you wouldn't really miss it if it wasn't there.
