'No one knows anyone' is a conspiracy theory-thriller about a Satanist / emergency bombs targeted at the religious festivities in Seville during the Silent Week. He also happens to be the best friend of the film's hero. The plot was created by bombers as a computer game with itself and the hero as players and Seville as the virtual environment. The very real alleys and streets of the city begin to take on the labyrinthine qualities of the old Pacman-type games. Looking at this way, the scene where the hero and his female sidekick are chased by black hats with rayguns cannot seem as silly as it plays. <br /> <br /> From the start, we are aware that the story is performed as a game - the hero's task is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper; At one point, the crossword puzzle on his screen becomes the chessboard that he later plays against his girlfriend's father. Clues are generously dispersed as the camera mystifyingly shuts in images that have only been shown to be significant later (eg the advertisement in the line). The detective / paper hunting elements are made part of an ongoing game, rather than a study of that fact. The movie leans heavily on the 'Se7's' pattern narrative, and anyone with a Catholic education will probably gain the meaning of certain events that occur on certain days during the EAster. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is at the narrative level where the hero fights against an enemy (in this case the computer) to win and save the day. But there is another game, the film itself, which undermines the first. There is another set of tracks that does not point to the killer's intentions, but the filmmaker and his hero are. For the first ten minutes, there are references to chess, a writer called Navokov and a cult leader called Sarin. If we remember that cheating Nabokov's 1930s pseudonym was Sirin, we see another game, one in which we do not suspect the villain, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In a Nabokov novel such as "Pale Fire", a writer figure creates a text designed to hide his own motives and provoke a game between author and reader to uncover the right text. Throughout the film are scenes that are visually distorted (eg, image contracting), or that are ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that cause us to assume the hero's point of view. The opening references to games are all linked to him. In the early sequences much of the character's sexual and creative impotence is made, so the film may be his attempt to master his life, to be a winner, in a way that he cannot really do. Not earlier has he won the game than his writer's block disappears; The words he writes are the title of the movie, suggesting that he is the parent author. In addition, this title in Spanish reflects in a negative way, a very Nabokovian involution that suggests a hero, like Kinbote, captured in his own solecism. <br /> <br /> This jumble of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al.), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (city's idea and its history as a map and a text and as a cultural story that haunts the present) Bunuellian anti-clericism and Alex de la Iglesia's shock movie results in a movie that is just a jumble, every wise intelligent element that interrupts the last, wasting interest. The lack of clarity about the player's rules makes it incomprehensible and ultimately wearing. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the film's main interest in a document of such an over-terminated artist in its documentary quality is a record of a story that takes place in a real city with its own independent events. Such ambiguous ambiguity of facts and fiction can create a masterpiece such as "Sans Soleil" or "London", but ultimately you need to have a light touch to match your wisdom.
