Within the Science Fiction area, two special themes develop consistent interest, were originally explored in a pre-cinematic era, and have since been regularly reviewed by filmmakers and authors of varying degrees of success. The first theme, namely time travel, has had an invaluable fascination with the film's fans as well as the written word, most recently on the screen with another version of H.G. Wells classic 'The Time Machine'. The second theme, which also manages to keep the audience in excitement, is for invisibility that sparkles the imagination with the seemingly endless and countless possibilities. And also this theme has again become the basis of a movie adapted to another HG Wells classic, The Invisible Man, whose accomplishment is "Hollow Man" directed by Paul Verhoeven, and starred Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue. <br /> <br /> Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have been conducting experiments for the US government for some time and examined the possibility and practical uncertainty they have finally achieved in a number of the primates they have tested their method. In fact, they have evolved to the point that securing the invisibility is assured; their only problem now is to bring the subject back to the original `visual 'state of being. However, it is a problem that Caine has solved after diligent efforts and for many hours in the laboratory - or he believes. And when the application of his theory of a living topic succeeds, he decides to submit the result to the board to maintain the necessary funding for the continuation of the project. <br /> <br /> At the last minute, the Caine Demons will fear that control of the project will be distorted from him before they can move on to the next level - testing a human subject. And he takes it upon himself to become the topic that assures his research team's help by telling them that they have received approval from the board to do so. But something goes wrong and Caine gets caught in his invisible cloak. And when he and his team struggle to find the solution to his significant dilemma before it is too late, it all begins to take a toll on Caines mind. And suddenly his fear of losing finance and control becomes inappropriate as he finds himself exposed to the imminent danger of losing much more than that. Now there is a very real chance that he can lose everything - including himself. <br /> <br /> Verhoeven has made what is initially an exciting, even thought-provoking film; he establishes a good pace and uses F / X at his disposal with great effect, although he tends to allow the striking images to overwhelm the evolution of character. Anyone who is familiar with "the invisible man" or indeed anyone who can logically follow the progress of history will know that Caine is not destined for happiness times. Nevertheless, Verhoeven has a storytelling that will surely capture the attention and engage his audience. But he seems to be bent to hurry toward the climax and on the way he departs all the nuances that have made his movie so far successful and chooses to go into a final sequence that is no more than a thoughtless blood and make party that confuses. his audience and everything he has worked for earlier in the film. Instead of seeking an intelligent resolution for Cain's suffering, and by using some ingenuity and imagination to take the film to the inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven takes the low path, and although it can succeed on a purely visceral level, any meaning can come from The story dissolves as so many ashes in the wind along with everything that would have made this a memorable movie. And it's a shame because Verhoeven has it at a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre, and he allows it to sink unnecessarily to a much lower one. <br /> <br /> Kevin Bacon does a good job of creating a sign that is trustworthy if only on the surface that apparently serves Verhoeven's purpose perfectly. There is a little depth to Bacon's portrayal, but it has more to do with his director's agenda than his own play. Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon to develop Caine to any degree; The character is mainly a ship where Verhoeven can build his story, and in that direction it works. The film would have been better served, but had Verhoeven and Bacon worked more closely to at least develop a bond between Caine and the audience who would have given rise to emotional involvement on the viewers, something that would have drawn them a little, rather than leave them at the gate as if it were just observers of an extraordinary F / X. <br /> <br /> Elisabeth Shue compares well to the role of Linda McKay, Caines willing accomplice in the evil fated experiment, but that's basically a roofless part that gives a little challenge, especially to an actor of Shue's caliber. The same can be said about Kim Dickens (so magnificent in the 2001 film 'Things behind the Sun'). Her character, Sarah Kennedy, does no more than support the action and F / X. Both actors are capable of much more and deserve better than what they get to work with here. <br /> <br /> The support model includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). Entertaining to a point and even successful at a certain (low) level, "Hollow Man" is one of the movies that leaves you contemplating what might have been. Like an annual fireworks display, it will give you some instantaneous excitement, but after a while, it begins to interfere with all the others you've seen, with nothing special to put it apart. And it is too bad because it could have been so much more with the talent and abilities of those involved here. I rate this 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
