Vampires Vs. Zombies start with the new news that the unidentified disease spread across America leaves the suffering with murder and cannibalist tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio as they drive along isolated backwoods roads trying to escape the disease when Travis runs over a guy I suppose is supposed to be a zombie. A little further down the road, he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) waving alongside the road. At this time, there is also a third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) at the back of Julia's car bound and gagged. For me, this situation will seem strange, but Travis, like the trooper, he is, takes it all in his steps and goes in to "take" Carmilla out of Julia's hands and, I don't really know. So, with a complete stranger, Travis runs away from leaving Julia & Tessa. Carmilla seems like a nice girl, but she turns out to be a vampire and she likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, oh & she is also partly a little lesbian. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel while a guy who calls himself General (Peter Ruginis) who seems to be a kind of vampire guy and probably has something to do with it all, but the movie is such a mess it does it doesn't really matter and i really don't know how to continue this plot sketch, as my head hurts to think about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-edited, co-executive produced, written and led by Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies are one of the worst horror movies ever and therefore one of the worst movies ever period. The script by D'Amato was apparently based on a classic story titled 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (he was to sue) & is an absolute mess, the holes in the plot and the logic are so great that you could run a tank through them! What is the disease that makes people a zombie? Why is Carmilla a Vampire? Who is Julia to her? Who the hell is the general? What does he want? Where does Travis & Jenna go? How can Travis drive a man over & yet not have the slightest bit of human feelings about it? What about the mental guard at the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequences just to annoy the viewer even more. There are just so many things wrong with this movie, the narrative doesn't make a blind sense, the concept is terrible and never really explained properly plus it's incredibly boring. I don't have a positive thing to say about Vampyr Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget about Vampires fighting Zombies because it just doesn't happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampires Vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato has earned one of the most incompetent, outrageous, badly-crafted, ill-thought-out and scary experiences ever made. Vampires Vs. Zombies have no redeeming features at all, which is not a single aspect that I can praise. Gore is really false looking, there are some blood stains that resemble red water, some really cheap stack effects and a half decent climax where the zombies celebrate on Carmillas & Jennas gut. This pretty gory scene is probably the best part of the whole miserable movie, but it only lasts a few minutes and by no means constitutes the second turtle 85. The budget of Vampires Vs. Zombies must have been small, in fact, it even had a budget because most of it is set on a road in a few cars. This is one of the most badly made horror movies, it has been my accident to see, the whole thing just sucks. The action is predictably horrible and I think terrible. <br /> <br /> There is not much else to say, Vampires Vs. Zombies are easily one of the worst movies ever made. The (V) next to the title of IMDb's Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicate that it went straight to video, and this is too good for this pile of crap, as it deserves to go right on the nearest fire.
