First, I must emphasize how rare it is that I take the time to comment on a movie that I have seen, it takes a very special case for me to take time and write about how I felt about a movie. That said, of the hundreds of movies I've seen, I've seen some of the most brilliant, Shawshank, the most horrible, The Woman in Black, the funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs. Zombies . <br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not fun! For those looking for a light hearted movie that just wants to be fun or at least so bad it's fun, look elsewhere. It is true that a movie like this does not try to be subtle and brilliant, with a title like this, you should know what you are entering. That said, there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any rule that governs the filmmaking world. This is not an argument between the traditional filmmaking process and the newer and more "artsy" methods of creating a movie. This is an argument between bad directors and companies held responsible for making horrible movies. <br /> <br /> This movie suffers from the over-used phrase "I don't know where to start." Really all about this movie is broken. From the play and to the editing, there is no reason why a movie should ever fail to deliver a coherent series of events like Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following issues are; 1. Scene misfires-It is clear that the director, the camera crew and the actors were not on the same page. In a scene in particular, the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground and looking at the passenger side of a car. You expect the person to come out, but there is one, and this is no exaggeration, at least 10 seconds, the delay between the camera coming on and the instructor saying "action" to where something is happening on the screen. The viewer leaves staring at a car door all the time without sound, no movement, just the stereotypical "dead air" that radio or television commentators fear. Where was editing? 2. Acting-A forgiving offense in most cases, you can't expect a movie like this to have Oscar's winners after all, but Vampires vs. Zombies takes bad acting to a whole different level. These "actors" could hardly read their scripts because anyone with the ability to read and speak could have spoken the lines better than these fools. My only comparison to shop was to be the opening scene from Resident Evil on the Playstation. But that play was even better. <br /> <br /> 3 Story-Wait, what? History? Again, you cannot expect this to be the greatest story ever told, but is it too much to ask for part of a story? Why the vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad ones? Are there good guys? Why all lesbians? But most importantly, what is it about the zombies? If you have seen this movie then you will understand what I mean, but for those who don't, I get clean, there are no zombies in this movie except maybe five minutes. It was almost as if the director forgot the name of the movie and was forced to throw some zombies without explanation at the end. There's so much more, but I hope I've done enough to keep someone from watching this movie.
