While it really is not such a horrible movie (especially considering that it was made directly for television distribution), it would be very difficult to point out one aspect of "Bloodsuckers" that is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in space are not exactly a new formula, and even after so many films dealing with these monsters in this particular setting, it still seems no one to realize that it is an incredibly stupid premise that cannot cause half a decent horror movie. "Bloodsuckers" even goes one step further and mimic all the imaginable films that are about vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and figures stem mainly from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "Aliens", as a crew of futuristic vampire hunters cross through space and regularly hold to eliminate a mutated species actually named for infamous horror icons that are being lifted. and the leather surfaces. The good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes that constantly deal with cliché problems and infinitely argue for terribly insignificant things. Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie who must really prove his managerial abilities now to be more or less responsible for the death of the former (and much more beloved) captain Churchill. The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy style and trigger happy macho pilot, a fierce female warrior with more balls than any of the men on board (she is of Asian descent, just as the girl in "Aliens" was latino) and the army's most valuable secret weapon: a Blade girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who chose humanity. She can spot enemies when they are still light years away, and she can also do maliciously sexy things with someone's wet dreams. They eventually teach everyone to work as a team when they are forced to meet the ultimate vampire meanie: Michael Ironside (in yet another downgrade). "Bloodsuckers" is an irreparable silly movie, but it manages to entertain as long as it contains gory killings, infantile dialogues and OTT make-up effects. It only becomes unbearably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the deepest time and blah blah blah. This film is a non-stop series of lame clichés and uncreative ideas, but at least it is wise.
