Man has been in the extreme reach of the earth, and now he is traveling to new worlds. But with new worlds come old evil ... the room's vampires. And not just a handful but whole tribes. In this movie (which I saw as "Bloodsuckers", but I guess also as "Vampire's Wars"), we see what happens when the imperialist grounding meets the imperial vampires. <br /> <br /> I want to make this review very short because it is undeserved by a good review. The best thing I can say for this movie is that it has a good cast of b-list and upcoming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and was far more attractive here than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco and is always a fan favorite (as I say he is the poor man Jack Nicholson). And we even get Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife" whom horror fans will now recognize as the eponymous Jenifer from Dario Argento's "Jenifer". So this movie, as bad as it is, is not without any names attached ... but the same can be said about Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing vampires in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into "cheese" and this movie is falling heavily. The action, especially from the vampires, is over the top, and I did not find the explanations of their existence very convincing. Worst of all, the vampire strains have the names "Forhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand this should be a smart reference to horror fans, but it was not smart at all. It just sounded stupid and out of place (as opposed to the much more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither", named stores for lesser-known horror directors). That's all I want to say. If you can stand lots of cheese (on this day I couldn't and I'm from Wisconsin) and want to see average actors with bad costumes giant vampires in the room (though "space" looks a lot like any other forest on earth) Check this out if you can find it. I do not personally recommend this when you see other cheesy vampire films (Jon Carpenter's "Vampires") or other cheesy film. Or maybe even some good ones. But hey, do your thing.
