I saw this a few nights back, not expecting too much and surprisingly it didn't deliver anything too exciting. The plot created by a vampire hunter's crew (V-San for vampire cleaning) who roam their spaceship on a regular basis to kill the spacecraft and save people, is quite sound and had the film been better handled, it might well have been something quite odd. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the feeling of the actual quality begins to drain away from the film and leaves something behind it, even though it is vacant to see, it is quite ridiculously bad. I don't expect anything too special from these movies that pop up on the Sci Fi channel, and at least it wasn't one of their creations with a terrible cgi beast shambling about, but it was still pretty bad, mostly due to writing and acting, but with a sterling contribution to the general badness that terrible music produces. When the movie chose only a typical science fiction sounding strange sound approach to the soundtrack it did OK, but too often hilariously bad soft rock penetrated and pitched scenes in silliness. I would have tolerated the general cheesy action and write more was it not for the choice of music which was a serious miscalculation that made things from cheesy to lamely comical. Dominic Zamprogna was alright, but bland as the nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was rather annoying when the hard girl from the Vamp Busting Team and Aaron Pearl played another member who was not well-written or interesting enough to get an impression. Although she did not look good at the actress, Natassia Malte did well by having a less annoying character than the others, and the fact that she is seriously nice to look at. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside, and he is underutilized even though he does nicely, rather entertaining in a way that a suspect was intentional. He seems to be having fun and earning his paycheck, and his role is entertaining. The effects are OK at all, they are at least the standards of the average science fiction television show, and there are also a few scenes of blood stains and a little fun doing too. Things are going well together, and I feel almost hard on this movie, but then I remember regularly laughing and realizing that unless the movie is a deliberate comedy that I don't think it is, then it simply doesn't succeed. Too much is lama, daft, unconvincing, it's an OK bet I guess, but it didn't appeal to me. Just give it a ride if you really dig Sci Fi waste or accidental chuckles I want to say.
