Bloodsuckers have the potential to be a somewhat decent movie, the concept of military types tracking down and fighting vampires in space is one with no potential in the cheesier rich of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of different vampire races, all with different attributes, many of which the characters do not yet know about, is also sweet. As far as most of the life in the galaxy outside the earth is vampire, I am not sure how the decision makers believed it to work because of the vampire character. Who the hell are they going to feed on, if almost everyone is a vampire, I don't know. As it is, the film comes across a low budget mix of Firefly / Serenity and vampire movies with a touch of Aliens. The movie's action parts are pretty average and derived (especially of serenity) but acceptable - they are reasonably well executed and there is probably a vampire girl, including some of the comic blood sampling range. There are many sign things, most of which are boring, come from conflicts between characters that most closely resemble whiny, immature assholes-primarily cowboy lighthouse and Asian woman. There are a few character scenes that actually work, and the actors do not play it too badly, but it detracts most of the stuff. A good attempt to throw the characters out, but people do not see a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The action is actually okay. Michael Ironside pours it up and is so fun to watch as ever, and at least a few women are hot. The room SFX is not so bad for what is clearly a low budget work. The story is again pretty average and derived, but as I said, the world created a little bit of potential. The Way Created Bloodsuckers really looks like a pilot for a television series - Sign Dynamics introduced, the world introduced, but not explored, etc. <br /> <br /> The movie has some highlights and head-breaking moments - The kind of things that actually make these risky productions visible. -The scene where our heroes interrogate a talking sock doll breast burst type creature. Hysterical fun. - "Sex scene". WTF actually. -The credit "And Michael Ironside as Muco." The most annoying aspect of it all, however, is the really awful and usually inappropriate pop music they play very loudly over half of the movie's scenes. It is painful to listen to and only detracts from what is only the best on average. <br /> <br /> Basically, it's okay you're up for something cheesy, even if it's just for the "chestburster" scene.
