Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as the blind Lilly, the screenplay is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Gudnason), who becomes blind after a car accident, is fleeing for himself and his fate. Lilly, who is sinless since birth, is a teacher of the blind and wants to make him "see" again. (Blind people look with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here this movie becomes a roadmovie; And the farther the road gets, the closer the relationship develops, which was predictable since the beginning of the movie. The theater director is on her way to her mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia at sea and makes artistic installations - of course, what else should she do! - and she still lives because she is waiting for her son to die. My God! This is fate! <br /> <br /> Finally, his son came! Mom celebrates a big party! On the beach. Wind blows and a pianist plays on a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they celebrate her goodbye. The son arrives just in time. Mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a beautiful nurse. Now, a great artist can die in the arms of her great artist son and speak sad thinking about living in perfect German while the son responds with a hard accent. Because the son cannot see, he does not fall in love with the nurse. - The film script would also have become too complicated! - but looking for Lilly on her way home. <br /> <br /> Parallel to this roadmovie, Lilly's sister, lives there at home and asks a gawky schoolmate to deflow her, who first has to fight herself. The reason is favorable. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is traveling with Lilly, Paul's (Harald Schrott) lover. They're after Lilly to bring her back. Paul and the mother of Lilly do not fall in love because the movie script would have become too complicated. The film script missed out on making Paul extraordinary. I would suggest an architect or a pianist, or of course a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they will convince her to come back to Paul because he has two eyes to see and is able to take care of her. But Lilly fell in love with her student, the theater director; did I mention that he himself was a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German cinema! As you may see in this pretentious production, the German Film Support Fund does not always produce good films because they only support such kind of pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the movie script has been cobbled together from some highbrows in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute an idea. Probably Til Schweiger has also contributed something intellectually flash of wit, as a co-producer. I was reminded of this film for another German movie of absolutely painful: "Barfuss" - already the spelling of the title is not really! "Barfuss" DVD cover proudly describes "A Til Schweiger Film". This film also received a grant from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Don't waste your time with this movie! There are really good movies in Germany. Watch for film directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
