I caught this Cuban movie at an arthouse movie club. It was shown shortly after the magical 1935 Silly Symphony cartoon, where the Isle of Symphony is united with the Isle of Jazz. What about the recently deceased Ruben Gonzalez looking through speakers in this old cinema hall and a Cuban flag hanging from peeling stucco rocaille motifs, the scene was set for a riproaring celebration of committed film-making and synchronized hoisting on Helms-Burton's idiocs. But then the movie began. And the cinema's peeling paint gradually became more interesting than the murky mess on the screen. The big hall Nada Mas promises a lot. Carla is a boring envelope stamper in a Cuban post office. Her only escape from a complete humdrum existence is to celebrate letters and rewrite them, transforming basic interpersonal grunts into Brontëan outbursts of breathless feeling. Cue numerous shots of photogenic cubans gushing with joy, sorrow, pity, terror and the like. The problem is that the simplicity of confidentiality is horrified by endless excursions to film schooling, latino caricature, the Marx brothers slapstick and even - under a particularly subversive editing print - the celluloid scraping a schoolkid defacement on a cartoon's face. <br /> <br /> Unidimensional characters are bound. Cunda, the head of the post office, is a humorless dominatrix nosferatu. Her chief eye accomplice, Concha, points to various fingers, intercepts and skirts. Cesar, metalhead hidden and romantic interest reveals hidden writing talent when Carla travels to Miami. A chase scene (in oh-so-fun fast forward) is thrown into good measure. All this would be fine in a Mortadello and Filemon cartoon, but in a black-and-white zero-FX flap with high precision precision, ahem. Nada Mas is trying to equip the style somewhere between 'quirky-heroine-matchmakes-strangers' by Amelie and the 'Posten' 'poetry-as-great-redeemer' theme. Like Amelie, the protagonist is an eccentric single-white woman who fights impending spinning dough by trying to bring magic into alien life. And like Il Postino, the film doesn't flip from persistent poetry and a postman on a bike takes a romantic lead. Unfortunately, Nada Mas fails to capture the film's lushness and transcendence. <br /> <br /> There are two things that may deserve to see this movie in a late night television stupor. The first is Carla opening upside down on a tiled floor that cuts the crossword she is working on. The other is to see Nada Mas as a precautionary example: Our post Buena Vista Social Club obsession with Cuban artistic output can often flash us to accept any dross that has a bongo on the soundtrack. This movie should not have earned a global release - movies like the Waiting List and the Guantanamera cover cover the same thematic area far more successfully.
