The invisible man is a fantastic 1933 movie, a cutting edge film for the time when objects seemed to be on top of a man who was truly invisible. Go ahead, take a look at the movie, you will be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first real special effects movie. Come 2000, computer-assisted special effects seem like children's play, the audience is not blown away with special effects, but they are disappointed if they are not done right. The special effects of Hollow Man, the update of the HG Wells story, are OK, but not the biggest problem with this movie, directed by Paul Verhoeven, which you may remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a scientist who floats in the world with bio-invisibility (yes, I know it's not a word), but of course, is fighting higher ups that threaten to remove the team's funding. So, like movie characters who are getting their funding cutoff, are likely to do, he makes the ultimate victim and becomes a guinea pig for the inauguration (yes, I know I used the non-word again) process. The process has serious consequences, no Caine does not die, but instead becomes a horny, violent creature, also a guy. Now that he is invisible, Caine closes a sexy neighbor, a colleague, former boyfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) and the man who took back his funding. Then a fun thing happens, Caine becomes a new supernatural being, "Things that will not die". Caine faces all things naturally, face down on death and spits on the face as it takes what feels like hours for this being to die and pulls out the end of the movie. The film is stupid, stupid and finally ridiculous with the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. There are nice opportunities in Hollow Man, but of course not one of them will be explored. For a more interesting look at an invisible creature, get ready for a good old-fashioned black and white movie theater and check out the invisible man from 1933. Kevin Bacon will still be invisible when you come back, probably still alive at the bottom A vulcano.
