Ghost Town starts as Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) runs along an isolated desert road, her car suddenly breaks down and she hears horse heads approaching ... Vice-President Sherley Langley (Frank Luz) in Riverton County is summoned to investigate Kate's disappearance after her father reports that she is missing He finds her broken car and drives outside to look for her, unfortunately his car breaks and he has to go. Langley ends up in a lost ghost town, much to his shock Langley soon discovers that it is quite literally a ghost town, as it is populated by the ghosts of the former residents and run by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who has kidnapped Kate for reasons never explained and it is up to Langley to save her and end the curse of the cities ... Richard Governor's sole governing effort made this odd movie not much for me and I didn't like it all that much. The manuscript from Duke Sandefur tries to mix horror & western genres as it does not make any great impact. Have you ever wondered why there is no more horror western hybrid movie out there? Well, neither have I, but if I were to ask such a question, I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it is not very good. The two genres just don't mix well together. There are lots of clichés, on the west side of things there are the innocent townspeople who are afraid to stand up for a gang of bullies who terrorize them, the shootings in the main street, lounge bars with swing doors and prostitutes on top & horror wise there lots of cobwebs, some ghosts, an old curse, talking corpses and some violent kills. I was just very underwhelmed by it, I suppose there is nothing terribly wrong with anything other than just boring and the two genres are not so good together. There are also a few holes in the plot, why has Devlin kidnapped Kate? I know she looked like her former boyfriend, but how did he know, and what would he do with her anyway? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts either, I mean what keeps them there and what made them come back like ghosts? Then there is a little at the end when Devlin after being shot saying that he cannot only be killed for Langley to kill him a few seconds later, I mean, why did the balls not work in the first place? <br /> <br /> Director Governor does well, there is a good horror movie atmosphere with some well-lit cobwebs stroked sets & the standard Hollywood western city represented here with a central street with wooden buildings lining each side of it. I don't want to say it's scary because it's not, it's not much excitement either and the movie is in place despite just over 80 odd minutes in length. Forget something gore, there are a few bloody shoot wounds, one after the shot of two people with their neckline and one is pointed out with a metal pole and that's it. <br /> <br /> I would have imagined the budget was rather small here, it is reasonably well made and is competent if nothing else. Credit where credit is due to period costumes and sets is pretty good indeed. The action is okay, but no one will win any prizes. Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not really sure who it is supposed to appeal to & it certainly didn't complain to me. Anyone looking for a Western will be annoyed with the stupid horror elements, while anyone looking for a horror movie will be bored with the Western elements. It's something a little different, but that doesn't mean it's good, worth seeing if your desperate but not busting a gut to see it.
