I had an innovative spectator experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer recommendation engine suggested that I watch this movie. Apparently, at one point I told you how much I liked Michael Haneke, Benny's Video. I do not know about you, but this parallel is drawn in me a soft stream of emotion and excitement over Thomas C. Dunn's film and made my time distribution almost impossible to deny. Just the kind of recommendation from NetFlix computer intelligence, for me, the aesthetic / moral film bar had set so high that, after reflection, it represented something largely unfulfilled in each movie produced in the year 2007. <br /> <br /> After having prefaced my answer to the movie that way, I will continue to knock this picture down as poorly executed and banal; and I really hate doing it because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also the most overlooked and underrated screenacting talents in the United States. I am more than moderately worried that the poor guy will miss the fame ship if he continues to scam around with first-time film directors like this. <br /> <br /> The perfect witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with mom ("You're not drinkin 'again, area ya?"), but he's a "movie maker" "or at least some kind of street-level voyeur with a pension to shoot would be Johns in the seedy back alley in Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. In addition, Micky makes his private investigator-like exercises, "accidental", a brutal murder of an unhappy early twenty years with his handheld camcorder. By putting the thought in mind that snus and movies as cultural currency can be equated with his ticket out of the white urban ghetto (and not to his ignorant friends and family members' debts that put the money into his naughty movies), Micky is approaching the attacker , James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also taking a written credit) or "Mac the Knife"? any one and challenges the killer to make a documentary about his murder impulses and keep this found record of the attacker with police threats. <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas because they do. While both writing and direction are amateurish, it alone does not make a movie bad. It is that these guys make a rather bad assumption that what they present is shocking in the context of a culture where virtually any person in the free world with access to a private computer can log on to the Internet and capture the truth from the action of a memory on their little Mac or PC. No movie depends solely on shock value alone (unless, of course, ironically, it is a movie about torture on animals), and therefore cinematic images of violence (genuine or false) have less and less cultural capital with each passing year. We also have this amazing actor talent at the forefront of all stylish, genuine hip figures: his two-inch beard and skull cap with the small bill on it, backwards, like dork from high school, longing for potential services of my primary love interest? same guy who is just calling himself a "poet". <br /> <br /> Save me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a movie maker." Okay. Do it, continue with that, Cronnie. Seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock. And on the whole, you can carry all the adjustments of a "creative", but don't expect us to respond to you to follow your below average through your two-hour movie while taking Wes Bentley's career down. Why don't we just let the story talk to the benefits of what you do, the filmmaker guy. My guess is that history will eventually say something about it, which is probably not good as you think it is. And yes, the odds you want to blame your dear ole ma end up as our man Micky here in The Perfect Witness; hooked on smack and covered in your buddy's blood with a video camera in your hand. Great.
