Another day stuck in indoors, another movie to watch. After finishing my Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and misty afternoon, I had no other place to escape to "The Land That Time Forgotten". Or rather, I had nothing else to see. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, the bastion of leading man actors, leads a handful of allied seamen who have sunk at a U-boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. Catch the U-boat (in a scene that withstands logic and reason), they eventually find themselves on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together they explore the earth and discover dinosaurs and neanderthal! Can they escape before they become permanently resident in the country that Time forgot? <br /> <br /> Despite being made some years before "Star Wars", these films are light-years apart for special effects. The model image is a little better than anything you'd expect to see in an episode of Gerry Anderson's "Stingray" and the creatures aren't much better either. When T-Rex (I assume that's what it was) was killed, it fell the same way as zombies do when you kill them - frozen in the middle of the hall and coinciding, arms and legs held out like a sleeping cow, that has been pushed over. Granted, the sets are not so bad, but the miserable acting and endless explosion sounds (which all sound the same) do their best to destroy the credibility and enjoyment of the image as a whole. Signs are neither credible nor worthy of your sympathy as they shoot their weapons at seemingly everything that moves. In the end I just didn't care that they came out of the island or not and when the end came I was more relieved than entertained. Costumes are authentic enough until the caves arrive and there are bear skins bikinis and linen dolls all around. And even though it was quite obvious from their actions, you wouldn't have known that some characters were German from their accents. The whole thing lacked only some Polish and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in places and not picking in others. Overall, this movie hardly detects a thrill of excitement these days, though you can find some rides when trying to train where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name in the credits and half expected a baby to appear with an Irish accent and suspected facial hair. Oh good. Nothing special to see here, but just about OK if you eat your lunch and the weather prevents further activity.
