I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited as I am a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror movies and Spoofs. I was very surprised at what I saw. I knew it was low budget, but I didn't expect to be taped with a camcorder. It opens with a good song and a great, very underrated band, The Horrorpops, reforms their song where they walk and are immediately killed in various cruel ways. It's a good opening. But the problem is the fact that it was until the end that the film was. A live performance, A death. Another live performance, A death. It gets old. And there is a gross (literal) overuse of the intestines in death scenes. Why doesn't the killer use other body parts such as bones or eyeballs or brains? Don't make me wrong, this movie has some parts that are awesome. Like the hardcore French band known only as BERET, the prospect of a band called Atticus, the scene containing a performance by the members of The Used and Simple Plan, which played together as no bands had enough members to play their show and Bowling For Soups Overweight-and-proud-of-it guitarist is killed in a truly hilarious way that I will save for future viewers of this movie. But the big problem I have with this movie is the first comic, but after a while, horrible lack of actors in many "actors". Especially the Warped Tour creator, Kevin Lyman. He tries very hard, but I suppose he wouldn't make the movie, but was contractually obliged or something. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The film's solution diagram is very unclear and very random. something about a magical sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. Bottom line, this movie has many good qualities but not enough to be anywhere near a decent horror, music or comedy movie. Although I have to credit it with making me a few bands that I would never have listened to, otherwise. Such as Tsunami Bomb, and Phenomonauts (an insane, psychobilly band). I recommend renting this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes if you like it, watch the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then look at it. If not, just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They rock! Long live Punk Rock and Horror!
