This overstated, short-lived series (a meticulous two seasons) is about as experimental and unique as a truck driver going to a strip bar. I'm not quite sure what they mean by "groundbreaking" and "original" when they came across Lynch and his silly little TV opus. What are their criteria for what is original? Safe compared to the "Bill Cosby Show" or "Hill Street Blues" it is original. Definitely. Next to "Law & Order", TP originates from the left and right. <br /> <br /> Fans of the TP often say the show was canceled because too many viewers were not wise enough, open enough for the show's supposed "weirdness", the alleged wild ingenuity, or anything. As a fan of usirdness myself, I have to correct this misunderstanding. There is nothing for the off-the-wall about TP; It is a mere tough, pretty stupid whodunit that goes around circles, spins webs in every corner, but (or because of it) eventually goes nowhere. The supposed amusement is always forced; The characters do not behave in a strange way as much as they behave in an idiotic way half the time. There is a difference ... When I see the "weird dream sequence" in "Living In Oblivion" where the dwarf criticizes the director (Buscemi) to give the tired, old, let's-use-a-midget-in-a-dream -scene cliché, I think of Lynch. Want to be weird? "Eraserhead" is weird - it's actually amazing, it's basically abstract. Want a unique TV show? See "Prisoner". Want a weird look? Felini's and Leone's films offer it. TP looks like an overly tough television crime drama, where all young people look like fashion models. The mold gives TP a plastic appearance. Kens & Barbies a lot. In fact, one of the manufacturers of TP said Lynch was looking for "unique faces" for the series. Unique faces? Like Lara Flynn Boyle? Sheryll Fenn is? Like the "hunks" exhibited right out of men's catalogs (or homosexuals)? Don't make me wrong; there is nothing wrong with getting an attractive throw, especially with beauties like Fenn (the way Madonna would see if she was 1000 times more beautiful), but then do not go around and say you make a "weird look with nice people" . And I never understood Lynch's misleading fascination with Kyle MacLachlan (I should get a medal to generate that spelling his name right). He is not unlikely, but lacks charisma, apparently a little too bland and polished. His character's ridiculous "eccentricities" were not at all interesting, just one of Lynch's many attempts to force the strange, and tried hard to live up to his reputation - he had completely lost his edge but then. Everything Lynch made after "Elephant Man" was very under-par compared to his first two films. What followed was often mediocre efforts, relying on Lynch's relatively small but fanatical fan base to keep him in the public eye by interpreting meanings in his poorly-joined stories that do not hold water on closer scrutiny. In other words, Lynch is all intellectual wannabe's treasure. <br /> <br /> So Laura Palmer was killed by her father ...? He was obsessed with the devil or such nonsense. It's the best thing this "great mind" could bring ... You have B-movie horror movies ending with more originality. <br /> <br /> Lynch is neither bright nor hardworking enough to make a great story. <br /> <br /> Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8 and check out my "TV and Cinema: 150 worst cases of nepotism" list.
