This film can be felt as a study case. It is not only the fact that it denotes an unhealthy and non-artistic desire for something that can be termed as caco images. The author lives with the impression that his sanctified rebellion against some generic and childishly labeled social ailments ("Moldova is Europe's most anchored region", "I don't believe in an iota in bird flu", "steals the Romanian people because they are poor, Europeans) steals because they are twenty ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is very off-target! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to be a just person - you also need a modicum of professionalism, talent and intelligence to translate this attitude into an artistic product. Fateful, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much sharpness as a family video with Uncle Gogu, pounding in front of the guests. The scripture is chaotic and incoherent, randomly bustling with different halves, in an illiterate attempt to propose a kind of story. The direction is pathetic dilettant - the so-called "director" cannot build at least one mediocre mise-one scene, his pictures are annoyingly awkward, and any kind of storytelling shines with total absence. (Of course, any comment is forced to stop at this level; it would be ridiculous to mention terms such as "cinematographic language", "expressions" or "style"). The action is positive "Cântarea României" ("Romania Chant") level, with the exception of ... paradoxically, football goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a genuine freshness, but she is compromised by Daneliuc's amateurish instructions. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspect of this decent cinema offense is the fact that production received huge funding from the National Budget, via the CNC (National Cinematography Council). The fact that long-term old dinosaurs such as Daneliuc still crave the government's udder is understandable (in a market-driven economy, they will be eliminated immediately through natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that destroys the country's money on such ridiculously outrageous non-art, non-cinema and non-culture belongs to criminal law.
