Instead of moving linearly from the beginning to the end, this story is influenced by a gay couple of AIDS "circuits" in time around their "perfect day". The movie is organized as a life that is remembered in asynchronous fragments rather than in a sequential flow as one directly experienced. The story has its lyrical moments, especially in the description of the effects of losses expected or experienced. Unfortunately, the dialogue lacks such grace. The script often forces actors to say outrageous stupid or insensitive things that are currently out of character. At their second unfortunate meeting, which is clearly merged with each other, sensitive Phillip encourages a reluctant guy to tell him about his difficult week. But the moment the guy starts opening himself, Phillip, an English major, knocks out "You're not a crisis man, are you?" Later, his lover's naked, chiseled body looks beyond the bedroom toward him, our young Shakespeare in love begins to make the moment's beauty in words: "The way you cut through space ... I can't even describe it" - but lack the oral skills to complete his thinking. This kind of drift continues through AIDS Hospice scenes, bejeweled with lines like, "What made me believe that death would be all neat and tied together with ties?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a bleeding lack of subtlety. Unlikable characters are far more jarring and steamroller flutter than they should be. Phillips thoroughly annoying friends - an arrogant trust fund abrupt and a whimpering, needy dweeb - maintain a continuous caustic diatribe that everyone crosses their path. Such teats can give a writer a wealth of opportunities for smart social comments, but unfortunately their remarks are just unpleasant, rude to joke or insight. It's hard to know if our scriptwriter has deliberately made intellectually limited characters, or if he simply runs his tether's circumference. <br /> <br /> The reason may be the most appealing and resonating with those praising this movie. It looks seriously in 1980's American middle-class homosexual life: first meetings, courtesy, coupling, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and fracture, resolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. Leads Phelan and Spirtas provide fair good ideas that give complex signs over time. Their fetching good looks helps explain both chemistry that held these two together through insensitivity and selfishness as well as chemistry that helped some viewers overlook the film's painful weaknesses. The decision to cut the plot arc into bricks and present them out of order flashbacks added complexity without any obvious dramatic utility, and in several cases left the sequence and hence the consequences of a given event unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend the movie? For sticklers for literary and technical quality, definitely not! For easy viewers in serious need of an AIDS surviving catharsis or in the mood of a guilty tower chopper with a small eye so thrown in, perhaps. But better-written alternatives that explore AIDS's influence on relationships in that era are: Philadelphia, and the band played, Longtime companion, Angels in America, An early frost, Parting glances, Love! Bravery! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
