Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, various years are given to this title) is a Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer's Omen, Payment in Blood, etc.) Women in prison girls produced by the legendary Shaw Brothers. Yes, even they got their hands in weak outbreaks like this, and Bamboo is clearly among the worse trials on the whole genre, even in comparison to the Western trials that are usually pale in comparison to the Eastern movies! <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp where the Chinese women are brutalized, abused and raped by the bad Japanese (what more?) during World War II. The girls also know a secret place where a box full of gold is hidden and also teaches that a Chinese military officer raised in Japan (Shaw veteran Lo Lieh) is actually an undercover agent among the other Japanese and of course helps the girls escape the hell. What follows are sequences full of free nudity, female kung fu, some unpleasant torture, gore, sleaze, and extremely offensive anti-Japan attitude that makes this movie clean and honestly garbage that doesn't even try to be more than it is. <Br /> <br /> There are hardly any interesting items in the Bamboo House of Dolls. Occasional photography, especially at the end, looks great with its sunbeams and beautiful scenery, but it's about it in the profit department. The battle scenes are plenty and always include half naked females who hit and kick each other. The overall violence is at times quite unpleasant with multiple spinal veins, misogynistic torture scenes (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on the floor filled with broken glass, etc.) And extremely repulsive ending and morality behind it. Of course, it is stupid to talk about "moral" when writing about this kind of movie, but there are still elements that I will not accept to be found from any movie. <br /> <br /> The movie also has some fun turkey items for sure! For example, the gold box filled with heavy gold seems suspiciouly light, as the weak and suffering girls do not seem to have trouble lifting and moving it, not to mention throwing it! Also, the many "skin fight scenes" make this quite smile inducing for fans of the trash. I have seen the same director's Killer Snakes (1973), which is ten times more remarkable as a piece, and although it has many live snakes killed for real, it is also visually more interesting and shows us some unpleasant sides across the city and society. It is also a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo House of Dolls also has a little censorship, which is not a surprise considered as the subject. The unknown version, released in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, runs 104 PAL minutes, while the carved English printed print published in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece only runs 84 minutes in PAL. From what I have heard, the cutting scenes are not only violence or other graphic things, but also dialogue and "plot development" and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls are garbage games in their most fragile form and certainly something I would not have seen from the Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian tapestries of the same subject are much more interesting and remarkable than this rather ridiculous, calculated and worthless piece of cinema exploitation. 2.10
