I am usually not given to the hyperbolt, but after seeing more than two decades at the Academy Awards, I can honestly say that this year's awards was the most shameful example of bad direction, total cruelty and pure stupidity I have ever had to testify. I am not talking about the prices myself - as is usually there is plenty to argue when you count who won, who lost, and who was never even nominated, but the process is as it has always been and is just as fair as it can be be. What is terribly unfair, the treatment is both the "stars" and "non-stars" received in the hands of Cates and Horvitz, called "reducing boredom." It is bad enough that in the last few years anyone who is not Al Pacino has been "played" in 45 seconds regardless of what he said, how he said it, and what the emotions were behind the statement. It shows nothing but a complete lack of respect for crews nominated on the scene as cattle without paying them the credit of showing their faces while their names are read, to make them slim down when they loses, to refuse them excitement on a trip to the podium and to force them to read their statements with the back to the audience. All of these things were done to the "non-stars" - these thoughts that the films would not exist at all without these artists and that most of them only ever get a chance to meet their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars didn't get much better. It gets more sad than fun when winners of caliber Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to ask for a few extra seconds for their speeches. The host, Chris Rock, was also not as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy had hoped, or almost as much fun as he could be. His initial remarks were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn made them be, and his comments during the show were more innocent than interesting. Of course he could hardly be blamed as it was clear that a string was kept as short as any host has. In the end, Chris Rock was something he has almost never been before: a non-unit. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were handled poorly. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why she should have been in three out of the five songs. Another example of complete respect for an artist was to give Jorge Drexler's nominated song to Antonio Banderas - although Drexler was present and apparently would not have the mind to sing his own song based on his winning speech. <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz's efforts to make the show shorter and faster may have worked to some extent, but it resulted in a life without life. We have all asked for the long-standing speeches given by people we do not know about the over-inflated production, the self-praising quality. But it's their night - not ours. What is meant to be a party has become an insult to the people who are celebrated. Cates and Horvitz must be ashamed.
