John Hughes wrote many good comedies in the 80s. "European Vacation" is not one of them. The follow-up of Hughes' first big hit "Vacation" (1983) is about as predictable, creepy and annoying as they come - no matter how much you love the stupid but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). I very much enjoyed "Vacation" as well as the third film, 1989's "Christmas Vacation", but Griswold's trip to Europe is bland and forced. Maybe because this was Hughes first attempt at a sequel that he didn't get it, but it's really dumbfounding where uninspired and without history is "European Vacation". There is no history: Griswolds wins a game show to be "greedy little pigs" and take a trip through Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the scrub's physical humor, which is the trademark of the first, loses everything because you see it coming, which is sub-director Amy Heckerlings fault. "Fast Times that the Ridgemont High" director puts too predictable. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes who took a cheap shot because he was put to the sequel. "European Vacation" takes great pride in abusive Americans (remember the greedy little pigs game show they win), especially tourists, represented by the cornball Griswold family. It also treats itself on the back, which implicitly says "oh Griswolds, we always get into something because our father is an idiot." Then it almost ends with a tribute to America and how grateful Griswolds is to return to a better country. If Hughes were to satire and have to do it in the form of a bad movie, I might have to award these 8/10 stars. It's not just imperfect, but "European Vacation" boasts the two worst actors to play kids Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and unpleasant, with the unintentional and loud mouthed Audrey blubbering about the girlfriend she's left almost the entire movie. Hughes even goes so far as to get her comment about missing him just as she observes a huge bratwurst. Totally tasteful. Talking about breasts flashing in two different scenes for no good reason (unless it was to comment on the Americans' love for free-spirited nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I want to give the movie one of its two stars thanks to Eric Idle of the Monty Python crew whose cameo on a few different points in the movie, reciting lines directly from "Holy Grail" is about the funniest part. If Hughes intended to find one of the film's only non-American actors as the only fun part, watch another tip for him to rip openly underbelly of Hollywood comedy in the 80s. Still, would it have hurt him to do so while making it entertaining?
