I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. He is one of, if not the best, actors of this genre. However, this movie could have been much better, even though it had a bad cast. All they had to do was tell Carlito Brigante's story until he went to jail. Instead, it seemed like it was just one of many stories that could be told about Carlito. All or even some of the questions about his past that we wondered in the original could have been answered. As far as I'm concerned, that's the only way you can make this movie. Instead, we get this prequel, which has almost none of the original characters in it, a character that plays a different role from the original (horrible movement) and a completely different love interest for Carlito. Don't even get me started with Puffy. In no way can I take that cat seriously as a gangsta after seeing him dance in all his artists videos. Evertytime, as the guy opened his mouth, I waited for him to start dancing. He made me laugh about something. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he would give a weak performance because of his recent history. He did it pretty well. He was probably the most "credible" out of the whole cast in my opinion. Jay Hernandez did his best, but does not have the skills right now in his career to take that role. I appreciated his energy and his efforts though. Hard to follow Pacino. The only way you could even have a clue as to what kind of person Carlito was was to see the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded dragon in a scene, so a pointless cord in another. He was one of the worst walking paths of his time, but you would only see flashes of it in this movie. Perhaps this is a pitiful way for Hollywood to try to make a 2nd prequel to redeem this error. Wouldn't surprise me. <br /> <br /> All in all, this movie fell far short of what it might have been. The only reason I gave it 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples got some respect back with me. A serious instructor should have taken this movie and actually put time into the story and made it a real prequel. I am very disappointed that this movie was not taken seriously. They would have been better off making this a mini-series on HBO and actually telling the story as the original suggests. At the end of the movie they had nerve to suggest that Carlito should come back to town. HEEELLLLO .... that's the part everyone wants to see !!! So again, it's just my opinion. I can't tell you how to waste your money.
