Where can I start. I heard this movie came out and I was very angry. I'm a big fan of the original Carlito's Way, and when I heard about this, I thought it would be like almost all the other successors coming out in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. Boy was I wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. Not to say all the followers are bad, but that's the problem with Hollywood these days, they make too many successors and remakes and rush them. This was not a theater release, it's a DVD release. But in my opinion there was no reason to do this at all. After I heard that this movie was running, I later heard that Pacino was not in it. It immediately killed every chance this movie had to be good. Why have I checked out this movie, so can some of you ask? Now I had the opportunity to see it so I did. I see not only movies that I have high expectations for, of course I had low expectations for this. I just wanted to see if that would be relevant to it. Now, if any of you read this is a Carlito's Way fan, you know a lot of the story of the first one to do with him in prison. <br /> <br /> * VERY MINOR SPOILER * I don't want to ruin anything because it can actually make you not waste 2 hours watching this garbage can. All I want to say is - at the end of Carlito's road 2, we don't see Carlito go to jail. Now I don't know about any of you, but I would have thought a prequel to the Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in jail. I even had some interest in seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now, it's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do too bad a job, but he could not have saved this movie if he tried. There are not even all the little things to throw away like Carlito's Way fans want. You can't see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key people in the first, I'd like to have seen something like that. What's worse is Luis Guzman in this movie, but he doesn't play the same character he plays in the first movie. Big mistake on their side, why cast the same actor for another character, it made the movie worse than it was already. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, I'm a Carlito's Way fan, this new one for DVD release is a disgrace. If you're a fan, don't see this movie come in with high expectations. This movie made almost nothing for me, and it is definitely a movie I don't want to pick up on DVD or ever watch.
