Well, I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I never come back to this piece of waste. I heard someone online describe this movie crooks as "subhuman cannibals" and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like the descent. WRONG! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong history. These villains are completely unrealistic and no part of their performance is pleasant to see. This movie is not so controversial, I've seen this level of gore in many movies. This movie is deleted. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she's really hot (but she's not), her admirer and her admirer's friend (no, I can't remember their names) goes into the forest. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde gets unreasonably hysterical and next morning they can't find the friend of the admirer. Admirer impales his foot (whoops!). Don't worry, he's much more worried when his car doesn't start than when he gets impaled by nails. After a nanosecond of coaxing, the blind leaves to find help. Events make me remember. During this and the whole movie we show grotesque torture scenes without substance, including one that made me gag. Blonde goes to rescue admirers from house of cannibals (although all they see is eating, the intestines are, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals to eat, since they really contain food). Blonde finds admiring evil and works very hard (without luck) to work up tears. Then you get a good laugh when the blonde is in the house and announces that she can "devise them". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a remarkable character change when he reveals that the cannibals are his family. Then there is some shooting, they leave the house, the shooting continues, then a random guy comes up and says he has seen them. Before he is shot, we show an acid-tour inspired scene for more killing. The blonde or her admirer shoots him because he didn't help them. There are more killings, admiring admiring his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does it mean? I don't know, hopefully not a successor.
