The way back then, X-Files was an intelligent, thought-provoking show. Much of his appeal was that the authors looked at folklore and science for their ideas and bound the plot to the spooky side of real life. I was incredibly careful about the 8th season when it was sent. The show had already given two very good episodes to bend out ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the seventh season had seen a sharp rise in episodes that scraped the barrel into ideas that were removed, unlikely or even stupid . But I figured it gave it a benefit for doubts, maybe they got it back because they have some good ideas set up. <br /> <br /> "Roadrunners" were really disruptive. After "Patience", which at least offered an interesting angle on the vampire folklore that the show had done well to avoid, the episode sees a strange (alien?) Parasitic slug with power in mind control worshiped by a cult of backwoods Christians. Oh, and they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you only find it in the last few minutes. Seriously. There is never any * attempt to make sense of it, to explain what the gorge is, why something or something happens. Even in the early years of the show - actually * especially * then - you could expect a little more depth, a little background, or if not the opposite - a little mystery, some uncertainty about what it was all about. <br /> <br /> It is Scully who really kills it himself. You could cope with the silliness of the premise, but to get a character that has been developed over a good 7 years as a rational skeptic who is transformed into a happy marble, solely to promote the plot, is bizarre to see. You want you to see some godly teenage fear, except that it is a woman well into the thirties who plunges into the kind of creepy isolated society that she has spent most of a decade revealing the evil underbelly of stereotypical hicks or totally indifferent to her own safety. Oh, and by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not around. Scully just walked out into the desert to look at a brutal murder on his own without him. He shows up at the end to save the day - I can't even remember why - but apart from that, he's not really in it. Again: seriously. <br /> In short, it feels like either a generic script written for another show or someone else's animal movie project that they have been allowed to push as a mutant leech into the back of an existing , long-lasting show at a time when it was at its most vulnerable. It may have worked on a smaller show, where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. But X-Files had a good thing, and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic characters in the 90s. Deciding to change your personality for a story that they should have done on Star Trek is a good fifty times useless.
