If you've ever been harassed in the underground by a Christian who says, "Jesus is the answer. What is the question?" Then you may have to thank God if you've never met a Lacanian. Slavoy Zizek, the most evangelical of Lacanians, would surely exchange the word "Jesus" in this "Lacan / Hegel" statement. <br /> <br /> Zizek's star is currently burning, no doubt because we generally see movies and pop culture as entertainment only for our consumption. So it seems impressive when someone - someone - comes together and says, "Hang on, movies can say something about ourselves." <br /> <br /> The ideas Zizek propagates in this movie are "true" purely because he says so. For example, Zizek explains that three Marx Bros are the ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo? Perhaps they are sinful ... or is it movie itself?). This is simply what they are. In Zizek's production, culture is not there to be studied, but simply to be kept as an example of his ideology. People can protest that he certainly has something to say - but how different is he from the Christian who attributes everything to God's will? <br /> <br /> What's wrong with taking examples from movies or anywhere to illustrate theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek seems to believe, they can even serve as a proof. However, it is only sloping and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and prove everything you want. For Zizek, Lacan is the answer ?? So he goes and makes an example of it. Everything but everything is similar to the master's and culture's teachings there to carry this out to serve this ideology. For example, Zizek's copy of the fantasy position of voyeur is taken from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies on Kim Novak in a flower shop. But in the context of the movie, it is not at all a fantasy position of a voyeur. Stewart is deliberately led there by Novak. This presentation of examples isolated from their context continues through Zizek's two and a half biographical sermon. His analysis of "baby desires f-scene" in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. By thinking lightly what he seems to consider the terrible (to the masculine) truth of "feminine jeissance", Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini's character not only requires her degradation but is unconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of her "jouissance". Well ... maybe. But - sorry to be prosaic - where is evidence of this? In the film, she partially undergoes her humiliation because Hopper has kidnapped his son. Zizek can protest that she also obviously enjoys hard sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But it may be due to a number of things. Isn't that the point of the so-called feminine "jouissance"? According to Lacan, feminine behavior, unlike phallic jeissance, cannot be articulated, it is beyond the false catch and castration of languages. If this is true, no example can be made. It also means that the whole concept is non-sensual and completely mysterious. It can only be pointed out by dogmatists like Zizek: "There is feminine beauty for you! Why is this feminine look? Because I say it." <br /> <br /> What examples can really be taken from these movies? Only Zizek's psychology. Why does he continue to familiarize himself with his favorite film, even to the point that in a boat at Botega Bay he says he also wants Rod Steiger? Is this not the wish of someone who spends his life-critical films? As it says, Freud would have a field day with Pervert's Guide to the cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's film theory shows us how we want it to be right on the face of it, but these movies cannot be strictly universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film illustrates how Zizek wants and only extremely vague - as it is almost useless - how the rest of us want. Because as any psychoanalyst knows how we want and what we want, cannot be completely separated - and cannot easily be universalized, if at all. Zizek's love of doing everything an example of Lacan's answer carries this out: how do we want? here I do. The problem is, in Zizek's desire, that everything and everyone else is rationalized in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist, and they certainly cannot let the "subject" speak for themselves. <br /> <br /> Pervert's Guide to the Cinema is a summary of Zizek's love of dogma and is completely unphilosophical, though it remains very political (what dogma is not?). Zizek has never asked exactly what his motives might be when he begins to analyze what he is trying to discover because the conditions of his exploration and hence his ethics in doing so are never questioned. <br /> <br /> Zizek is extremely productive, but all his books and this film say the same. He is a kind of Henry Ford of cultural theory: mass production and any color as long as it is black. He is perfect for today's highly consumer society: Probably critical, while giving people the same c-ap time and time again and pretending it's something different. This is popular because people greatly prefer finished answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to give - rather than investigating things with some serious consideration at all. What kind of is brain death. For me, Zizek's third Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I loved Zizek's solemn remark - presented as a revelation of cinema and humanity - that music in movies can greatly affect people's sympathy. Did this just happen to Zizek after he looked at Jaws?
