This film is all ultra-lightweight fluff, predictable from start to finish. As a Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with Knot's character almost not as incompetent or ignorant. His performance was toned down, with none of his trademark goggle-eyed stare, though it might have something to do with him being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish. Knotts lived by playing it looked like imbecile, as Bob Denver did. Neither really seemed to be able to break out into other types of roles, provided they were simply typecast. It was probably because of the slash, the wild stare and the loud voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked in "Three's Company", was able to transcend his genre and successfully branch into dramatic roles like "The Dreamer of Oz", but the closest Knotts ever played a minor role in "Pleasantville". Even Leslie Nielsen was poorly looked after here, unpleasant neither dramatic actor as he was at the time or deadpan comic actor when he later became "Airplane!" and "Police Squad." <br /> <br /> There is also no way that the then 43-year-old Knotts could pass for a 35-year-old when his character insisted he was. It was so ridiculously incredible as Tom Hanks at age 38 in college age Forrest Gump. <br /> <br /> The movie was clearly made on a shoestring budget, much like a fast-filmed TV episode. It is especially evident in "outside" scenes in the "city" where Roy goes after he is fired. It is unlikely that even a forskolent would be fooled by Mayberry-like soundstage artificiality. Although one sees this strictly as a children's film, it is very disappointing. It is not because it lacks action or special effects, even if it does. The pace is much too slow, the situations are repeated. How many times can you see Roy coming in on a bus? A comedy for children should at least sometimes be madcap, with breakneck gags, otherwise you risk being bored (and all the adults in the theater too). Movies, even children's films, have been improved right over the last few decades. Even many modern comedies were better recorded and written. Disney's "The Love Bug", for example, had at least some interesting race actions.
