I suppose I only blame myself for the gigantic disillusionment that is "Entrails of a Virgin". You already know not to expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title like this, and the first impression is only extra confirmed when you notice that the film is a mid 80's production from Japan. Now, there are quite a few demented and sick filmmakers active in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu surpasses them all with his thoroughly depraved and pathogenic trilogy about nothing but aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of young girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin," simply presents a hodgepodge of UN-awakening semi-pornographic sex and really bad gore effects that may not even be the most incredible fan of cheesy 80's horror. Pictures of a bunch of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably curtailed with scenes of a filthy pervert who have raw sex with an apparently underground girl. He does not even dump her for a moment after climaxing (typically), and she asks him to stay even though she has to share him with other women. I do not understand it. Is it supposed to represent a general male fantasy? Because it's really clichéd and wrong. Anyways, back to a lot of horned photographers and docile models. Surprised by the coming fog on the way home, the group branches into an abandoned country house where they have more horrible sex and eventually become the victim of a ridiculous sex demon killing them all. The acting performances are amateurish, the dialogues inane and primitive and the direction of Komizu are weak and uninspired. I can tolerate all that, including the woman-unfriendly depiction of gender, but I came too close to extinguishing the movie during the indescribable medieval wrestling sequence. One of the men brutally hits, kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a dirty whore until she literally looks at the panties and cries with grief. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low point for Asian exploitation cinema. One to avoid and maybe even boycott.
