Maybe it was the title or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the DVD, which is with the director, as he continues to say "hi kids" into the camera as a buffoon), but I had expectations for Entrails of a Virgin to be at least a bit of fun fun with some good sex scenes and brutal, bloody killings of a weird Japanese penetrator. Shown it is far too dull for its own good or bad or whatever. There is a problem - and one can see this also in the Italian sexual exploitation Porn Holocaust, which looks like this in many respects - without having a balance in gender and violence. Too much sex and it becomes a prototypical porn, and not even with great production quality compared to most professional porn movies! And with the killing scenes, there must be at least a little tack, and perhaps just a smithy of ingenuity, to create the creature / killer / whatever. A Virgin has no traces. It is safe to say that it is a beautiful soulless movie, even though it is not one of the worst ever made - it is only for horn dogs Japanese fetishists to get rid of girls in trouble and men who have all their brains in their 'other heads. <br /> <br /> In this case, we get a photo layer where the boys take some shots of some girls, nothing too wild, and then they get a close fog at some houses one night and are picked out one by one by "A killer" as he is credited. First of all, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that he should set a quota with random sex scenes early - we are spliced ​​in (or dialed in, take your picks) clips from one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere. It seems that it comes from another movie. So once settled in the house there is a "wrestling" scene that is poorly choreographed and shot (yes, we really need to see him 'all' there) and then on to rape and killing. First, rape, by the photographers who promise the girls some jobs for their time. Then the killer, who likes D'Amato's creature, is simply covered in mud and given a stupid face and, for an unknown reason, the men and / or rape kill the women one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, the latter of them, taken by itself, should be considered the highlights of the movie. It's like saying that croutons are the best part of a miserable flavor salad. An eye-catching scene, a spike thrown like an Olympic event (that scene is actually weak) and eventually the inclusion of the all-sex girl whose inconsistent name I can't remember. Even * this * will be disappointing just by not being correct for the title! In addition, the sex scenes that become boring through 'Gaira' and his indulgence in long-lasting, non-cutaways, where everything from the Japanese censors is unclear, are called by the actors (they think they seem to enjoy themselves , therefore, the need to let them "talk" for themselves). But the overall feeling of A Virgin's Entrails is that of a lumpy one, where it is just there to be gawked in and without a burst of excitement or real horror (beware as the last girl living alive, the virgin of the picture, trying to stop the killer from coming to her who lasts five minutes when she keeps throwing sticks on him!) You just want it to be done with, because 'i hate the woman mantra to ease up or drop off completely.
