Satan's little helper is one of the better B Horror movies I've seen. When I say better, I mean the story. The film closes a new plot, something that is not so cliché in the Horror genre - something fresh. But there are also some ridiculous questions that come with it. Questions you want to ask yourself throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> My film first got my attention while cruising in the Horror section of HMV. I was tired of all the so-called "scary" Hollywood blockbusters and wanted something else. Cover art for Satan's little helper immediately caught my attention. As you can see, the picture draws you in - it's chilling! I knew it was a straight to DVD release - but I took a chance. I mean, I've just seen "Boogey Man" the night before - so it couldn't get any worse! After I watched the movie I was half satisfied. I loved the plot of the movie. It was really scary how the killer was like being the little boys friend so he could kill. In some awful horrible way, he actually believed that he and the little boy would become partners - a terrorist attack. It was a good idea to put the movie on Halloween night. That way, no one would think of a masked man next to a young child. They would simply believe he was his guardian. But this is also where the "plot holes" begin to surface. <br /> <br /> If your son came home with a "friend," he met trick or treatment - that's fine. You wouldn't think about it - if he was 9! Or around the same age as him. But if he showed up with a strange man in a mask, you would be scared and protected by your child. You will ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. You would ask why he is with your son. He doesn't know him. You will tell him to leave. He is not a family friend. He is a stranger. Now we must teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case, Mom is fine with it. Huh? They never think it is a little strange that the "man" does not speak - at all. Grueted they think it's daughters boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of not talking, you would pull off the mask and ask him why he didn't say a word. <br /> <br /> The movie goes down the hill from there. The thing that made me the most was, said the whole mother "Do you have any cider?". I can't count how many times she says this in the movie. It's like, oh you die - we have cider but it's all good !! The movie started promising and failed to deliver. It was more of a horror / comedy, and even it failed to deliver. I suppose you could call it a "Dud", "Flop" etc. .. The best thing about the movie is cover art. Although something tells me it's not worth the $ 12!
