I would first say that I have given this movie a 3 out of 10 after some thoughts. I was going to give it a straight out 1, but it got a few extra points for the body count. But that would be about it. Let me explain. I have literally paid £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I usually have great faith in good horror flags, especially B movies. But if this movie was aimed at B-status, as I suppose it was for a number of reasons (which I want to touch in a second), then it failed. Not only did it shoot to B and missed it landed somewhere around F. This movie had so many opportunities to be good, and it went pretty much failed on all accounts. I say above, it is likely that this movie was aimed at B status, and it seems to try to achieve this by trying to mix humor with horror which can either be very good or very bad. For example, later Freddy movies (Dream Warriors and forward) are about Freddy's style and nose-thumb, which seems great! But this movie is completely bombarded in that respect because the times when they tried to inject humor were mostly just stupid. I will admit even though at the beginning of the movie humor was good. In fact for about half an hour I liked this movie and was willing to congratulate me on another good find. BUT, what really killed this movie for me was the inappropriate killer. For example, when 'Satan' crushes the cat against the board and writes 'boo' with the blood that uses his body as a brush. Or when 'Satan' enters the door into the helpless disabled elderly woman. Now, I'm not too against meaningless kills in movie-hi, it's supposed to, not? But in these two cases I have just found it roughly offensive and unnecessary for something in the movie plot especially. For me, the film went down from then on. One big bad point about this movie is that I hated every character in it. The baby, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I am at a loss to explain how he might write off all these bodies and people are killed in front of his eyes as a trick! I mean, come on !!! I clearly understand being in a horror movie that a character needs to be a little stupid, like running upstairs when you should be obviously running out of the house screaming for help, but this child took the peek! I wanted to kill him even at the end of it! It was incredible and if I had to hear him say "duh!" Once more, I had to turn my head against a wall - because that was what looked at this movie, felt like. Why didn't I just shoot the movie? Mainly because I honestly believe in a conclusion can sometimes redeem a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The end didn't redeem this movie, it annoyed further hell out of me and was insufficient for the plot line. I already get it! The murderer will always come back dressed like someone else, be welcomed to the house of the stupid child and go on a kill spree again because no one suspects him in that costume! I UNDERSTAND IT! This movie made me physically angry because it was so stupid! And if you somehow end up seeing this movie, watch out for the intestines. Frankly, if that guy actually had bowels that looked like this, I'd be surprised he wasn't already dead, let alone, until some people knock them out and tie them to a chair. In fact, I would even go so far as to say that the only sign I liked most in this movie was actually the killer. Just because his "comedy routine" worked, it worked. All in all, the plot line in this movie drew everything that could have been good. Why killed the killer? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he actually was, it's pretty typical, but without any motive - hell I don't know, I'd settle for him with a bad Halloween as a child! - It just seems more meaningless, just stupid. Stupid stupid silly silly stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I specifically registered with IMDb so I could comment on it. Save your money, save your beauty. Stay away from it!
