This is an "anthology" horror movie. It consists of 4 short stories taken from Robert Bloch's fiction (which wrote for Weird Tales and were personal friends with H.P. Lovecraft, but is most famous for the original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I didn't think much about the movie was scary or horrible at all. It would have been better to do it as a comedy like "Comedy of Terrors." Only the last 4 stories were really done in a humorous way, and that's probably the best of them (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I've seen a couple of these Amicus anthology movies, and the only one really worth my time was Freddie Francis' Tales from the Crypt. "The style of anthology works well for the manufacturers because it means they can hire a lot of" big name "players, hire them for just a week or so, and then the next big name. but get 5 or 6 different names on the tent, but it is very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who actually act together. vignettes So let's take them one at a time. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliot, who does a really admirable job of trying to bring a dignity to her stupid role as a terrorist writer Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominic sees the source of the horror, Tom Adams, just stupid, which destroys any possible horror.There are some funny things if you want to laugh at it yourself, like the scene where Dominic kills Elliot's p It is the patented scene where the killer throws up behind the victim, but no one is watching, so the whole audience should shout out "LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU!" The second story is that with Peter Cushing. God, I love that man so much. Too bad many of his films, like this one, taste a lot. In the story he is supposed to torment away for a much lost love, and he sees her equality in a wax museum. It's a completely predictable story that doesn't go. <br /> <br /> Then you have a little with Christopher Lee, where he plays father of a young child who turns out to be a witch. Again, this bit could have been fun if it had been played for laughs. But instead we should be horrified when Lee beats the baby and surprised when she turns out to be vicious. The actor Chloe Franks was quite good in the kind of "Bad Seed" role herself. <br /> <br /> The last story is a bit funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who randomly buys a vampire cape that makes him a real vampire. It's about the whole story has to offer. I was surprised at how bad Ingrid Pitt is English, I must have been dubbed in some of the other movies I've seen her in. Not a very memorable movie or one that I would recommend to anyone than horror completists.
