The film's history is pat and picturesque. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia, this is terrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film also did not research or were unfaithful when they filmed it. Initially, and most unclearly, the Nurists, as they were known in the thirties and in fact since the 1890s and their vigorous conversion of Aghnaistans Abdul-Rahman Shah, were not nomads. In fact, they have not been nomads since the Aryan invasions in Central Asia more than three miles ago. <br /> <br /> Second, the city that is listed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the area's geography around the city could not be more strikingly different than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded on all sides by a large mountain range which considers all the views of the cities. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that it is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, third Persian is never heard in movies. When there are native speakers who do not speak in German, they speak in Arabic. The 'Persian' guards at the border actually say to each other 'Ma hadha rujal' (This is not a man) and not 'in mard nist' as it would be in Persian. Also the love song between the Indian princess and one of the protagonists is of course in Spanish. While speaking in the garden, one of the protagonists says that the Koran uses the words 'Ferdos' and 'Jehaan' and refers to drugs according to the words. These words certainly never appear in the Qur'an, as they are Persian to Paradise (in fact, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant cognates between our language) and 'World', although Jehaan is close to the 'Jehennan' who is hell in Arabic. When they meet the nomads in the desert, the linguistic language is also Arabic, although there are no native Arabs in Iran and Afghanistan, and its use is primarily religious, with no use in teaching at that time. <Br /> <br /> When they are stopped in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, the people they come across are completely unequal to any Iranian group. Their tents are typically bedouin with carpets that decorate the walls and a high profile. In Iran, it is also extremely unusual for people to wear Turks unless they are ready. The language is clearly Arabic from the first greeting of 'Ahlan wa Sahlan.' When they come to Kabul, the desert they find themselves in is sandy, quite unlike the dirt of the rock found in the dry parts of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is an absence of the light green scrub covering the soil in the summer and spring. The area is also not quite the consumption of the extreme mountains of the mountain range that won its name, The Indian Killers, because of its difficult and limiting soil. In short, history is the only thing in this movie that contains some water and it is still weak and commonplace. It lacks a real drawing for it, as it is just the story of two women trying to teach themselves when they come to Nuristan, even though it is still born, and there is no real development, leaving the characters right wherever They were in the beginning and nothing has changed unless World War Two has gone loose. In short, this is a really bad movie that I would have rated as a star except for the good pictures of Bedouin and the deserts of the Levant, even though they are misnomer.
