The basic precondition for the "Miami Golem" deserves absolutely a place at the top, say fifty most denied cinema plotters ever written down! I know that the top 50 doesn't sound too impressive, but I've seen many really strange movies with lunatic plots. I was prepared for something confused because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino, who was one of Italy's most ambitious and creative but unfortunately undervalued filmmakers. De Martino steals several ideas from successful blockbusters that most Italian directors did around that time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films are worth it, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as "A Special Magnum to Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for a Murder". The concept "Miami Golem" contains elements from many fantastic Sci-Fi and adventure flicks (like "Alien", "Starman", "Close encounter of the Third Kind", "ET", ??), but I just wouldn't call it one rip-off. The only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another movie is the open synthesizer theme song that is almost similar to Harold Faltermeyser's Axel F. from "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the movie is an entertaining hodgepodge of fantasy, Sci-Fi, action, horror and superhero movie gimmicks. It's certainly not always sensible (mostly it doesn't actually), but the "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly an imaginative and versatile film that kept my buddy and I fascinated from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The reason is extremely difficult to summarize briefly, but I still want to try. The skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a broken meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that already eradicates another interstellar race in the past, and it will undoubtedly destroy all humanity as soon as it grows large enough in size. If this is not problematic enough, the rich Mr Anderson ordered stealing the slowly growing evil fetus because he believes he can manipulate it and use it to achieve world domination. With the help of some good foreigners in an earthly disguise, Craig Milford has the difficult task of protecting the planet from the evil fetus. Okay, I know all this sounds grotesque and silly, but I assure you that the "Miami Golem" is actually a light and easily digestible flip. The first half of the movie can come across as overly hectic and confusing because Alberto De Martino is trying to keep the plot secretly using upscale red herring. There are subliminal ghostly appearances, supportive figures behave excessively mysteriously without any real reason, and at some point there is even speculation about Atlantis lost continent. These are all misleading upholstery, and as soon as the setup is more or less clear, the "Miami Golem" becomes a regular early 80's popcorn action movie with bloody massacres, flamboyant chase sequences (in the Florida Everglades!), Explosions, gratuitous sleaze and nasty little fetus monsters in jars. Now I really don't want to increase the impression that the "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeserved fuzzy gem of Italian exploitation cinema. Don't make a mistake, this is a pretty bad movie! The events will only be durable if you accept the plot's stupidity and incoherence, and if you fail to do so, it is just a scary spitfire of negative aspects. The performances that appear are painfully awful. Especially B-movie veteran John Ireland, as the archetypal James Bond fateful character, seems particularly interested in the manuscript. You can tell from his grimaces and by the way he delivers his lines that he also believes that the whole production is delayed and simply signed up for the pay slip. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female pleasure item ever, and the person who drew the wonderfully chaotic VHS cover must have felt exactly the same way, because the amazing girl on the cover doesn't appear anywhere in the movie. What embarrassment this must be for Mrs Trotter. Yet her totally free key sequences compensate for this, as she is quite warm from the neck down. And finally there is the unforgettable scene where David Warbeck takes a helicopter down from a moving school bus with a regular gun! I don't even think John Rambo can do this while he's a beefcake Vietnam veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple television reporter.
