A journalist, Craig Milford, working for The James Keller Public Telecommunications Center, has an interview with a German professor from a Florida University who made an unknown creature based on some substance of meteor (s). But saw a man named Anderson trying to control the whole planet with the creature, and his husband kills the professor and his assistants and plunder the creature. So Craig and his new female psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with man but also with alien friend (s) of the being, begin to find the being and try to send it to a foreign spaceship ... This movie has some good casts and staffs. For example, the actor, David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, actress Laura Trotter of Nightmare City, the special visual effects creator, Sergio Stivaletti of Dario Argento's masterpieces and the director (and also the author of history), Alberto De Martino of MAN WITH ICY EYES AND DEATH IS ON THE PHONE. And these talented people make an incredibly bad movie called, nothing but this MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially a confused combined movie of NUMBER CHILDREN COMPETITORS with E.T.THE EXTRA TERRESTRIAL. And this not-only-confused-but-also-crammed movie has something worthwhile; gene technology with mental research. Consequently, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical error; gene technology and mental research are never compatible. (Sorry about this weird combination of genetic engineering and psychological research, the leading person, Craig, says it should be a better explanation for the short-haired psychic Joanna. But after all, the history of the whole movie is not and cannot present any form for better explanation.) Moreover, this movie has something more ridiculous; its problematic music. What the composer credited with Robert Marry delivers is nothing but the strangely demanding BEVERLY-HILLS-COP-tipped music. I do not want to say that this Italian theme for the BEVERLY HILLS COP in itself is particularly bad music, but I must say that it seems clear clearly that the music does not have the suitability of this film itself. In fact, just who can think of BEVERLY HILLS COP can be compatible with genetic engineering and / or mental research?
