As a "fallen Catholic" who had 11 years of Catholic school but has not been in Mass for 35 years with the exception of weddings and funerals, I thought I would get a kick out of this. And I did. . . for the first two thirds of the film. It was all the standard stuff - strict parochial schooling, suppressed sexuality, etc. But then suddenly the movie was turned on. Really means. Remember, I saw this before the pedophilia scandals hit. . . and perhaps I would not have been so offended by such eerie, hateful tombs in the Catholic Church if I had known about these abominations (such a Catholic expression!) and coverups. <br /> <br /> It's been a few years since I rented the video and I won't go back to renting it again with a new perspective. It just left such a dirty, unpleasant, nasty taste in my mouth. . . I wonder what experience all actors had with the Church because they either * really * hate it, or they mock for the payslip. It's an incredible anti-Catholic film, offensive to anyone who has a glimpse of a shame of respect for Catholic education. As I still do because there were no better teachers back in the 50s. No matter what other nuns did, they forced me to learn to read and write the English language. They made us remember. (How many children today can do simple arithmetic in their heads?) The truth is that there is nothing more important for success in America. Can you read? Can you add / subtract / multiply / split? Great. You can get any advanced degree you want. And the discipline of Catholic education will stand you in good condition, not just as you continue your studies but also for the rest of your life, no matter what you think of Catholic "mythology" we all have to learn. <Br /> <br /> Such a large caste, such a miserable, rotten script. I feel really bad (and no, it's not "bad" - believe me, the nuns taught me better) for the author and the director. I thought I had mixed feelings about Catholic school. But the participants in this project must have been the bad (ie stupid) children sitting in the back of the room if they were willing to make this movie.
