Final Score ... who cares - it's a reality show. It has no love for the audience, it pansers for lazy TV viewers, does not put anything in and gets nothing out. "Joe Millionaire", the most blatantly fake reality show of them all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. It's a waterfall, bottom-up, not just for Fox, but for the American public who actually looks, and talks about this shed the next day. Your people should be ashamed of yourself. Because as much as Fox promotes this junk, it won't make money unless it's vague by people (and boy was it, the final got almost Super Bowl numbers!?). It doesn't disturb you people that there are many quality writings written, directed, acted and generally have efforts in those who are canceled while you lean back and let up on this effortless, cold-play show? <br /> <br /> I used to be a strong supporter of Fox. It's them of us like me who like and seek out quality television that helped build Fox back in the days of married ... with kids and simpsons. Practically, none of these shows will make it 6 weeks with the current management. Gail Berman "terrorism" as it is often called. The network has waged war against scripted TV and strangely it is fans. The very people who helped build them in the beginning. Now we not only have to fight for good shows, but we must fight against their own network. It boggles the mind. Nothing Fox has done in the last 3 years makes any sense. From canceling hits like "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown" but Fox can't lift that pitiful head to give the only decent show they had another shot this season? ). And the reason they can do all this: junk success as "Joe Millionaire". They can now say "We don't need your TV fans, we have reality shows". Apparently, they do not seem to have any idea that the big crowd draws with this unwanted and unimaginable and will leave them the second next dish coming together. To alienate their base like this will eventually kill the network as it has put ABC back. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise in the now classic Fox gimmick that promises us something different and angular, but then delivers something that is not in any way different from "The Bachelor" or something on the big 3. Fox has gone into the mainstream. Final and "twist" (quote / unquote) showed that they have no ideas on their sleeve. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they look, will all end up with the same cornball adventure ends. We got to see a bunch of lame aspiring actors that the network picked out of millions of head-shots to fit their demographics parade around as high school bimbos pretend they liked this Evan Marriott because ... well because it was a competition and it is what to do. Marriott itself is like a marred disfigured chro-magnum man struggling to put together the simplest phrases. But how can the women (all average to ugly looking the road - an important minus is a guilty show of joy like this) do not fall to "Joe" with such charming lines as "Look, you're not stupid". <Br /> <br /> I used to think that people who watched these reality / dating / game shows were just lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I mean they really should be mentally deficient. Come on people, be a little more proud of yourself. The demand a little more from your entertainment than this. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
