Serum starts when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is happy to learn that he has been accepted for medical education to continue with the family tradition of becoming MD as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey ) but his joy could be short-lived, as Eddie is involved in an accident and is driven by a car. Taken to the nearest hospital, it does not look good to poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to let him rescue Eddie with the serum he has developed, a serum that will allow the recipient himself to cure any form for wounds or disease. Desperate for his boy to live Richard agrees, but the procedure has undesirable side effects like making Eddie a brain eating zombie, which is just not a good thing ... Executive produced, written and directed by Steve Franke I want to be Quite frankly though and say Serum is terrible, Serum is one of the no budget horror movies that tries to rip-off any number of someone else's and end up being a bit more fun than having you nail nails out with forceps. The manuscript is horrible, the whole of Re-Animator (1985) feels about it with crazy scientists carrying large syringes trying to eradicate death, but it is so boring that it is untrue, the first forty minutes is nothing but a really boring soap opera that resembles that nothing expects to pervade the time Eddie comes home after having a little time away, and finding his ex-girlfriend has been hanging with someone else, arguments with his step-mom gets drunk his buddy and generally boring audience stiff. So when the tedium in the first forty minutes is over and if you still see it, it takes another 20 minutes to get Eddie rean animated & then he kills a few people, the police catch him and shoot him, the end. Thank God. Serum lacks any of the characteristics that you want to associate with a good movie, the character sucks, the dialogue is poor, it takes way too seriously, it is boring, it is slow, it is unforgettable and considering it is supposed to be A horror movie there is an alarming lack of blood, gore or horror. Not recommended, did I say Serum was boring? That's what I thought. <br /> <br /> Director Franke does nothing to live this thing up, though competent there is no style at all. Gore levels are non-existent, there is a little splash of blood, a bite throat, a few scars on a woman's death face, a few scenes where a needle permeates the skin & that's it. Don't expect a Re-Animator in the Gore department because if you make your trip very disappointed, as much as I actually was. Filmed in what looks like a house, a restaurant & a laboratory, the film has nothing, and just looks good throughout. There are a few nudity pictures, but it's not far enough to save it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not that bad, at least it seems that real cameras are used, I can't really comment on the special effects because there is none but generally serum looks reasonably professional . Apparently shot in Texas, or should it be read, it should literally have been shot in Texas? The act of sugar, although I again seem to be an actor, rather than friends or family of the instructor. Serum is a horrible movie, it is dull, slow, boring, has no gore and feels like a terrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would have to see this when they can see Re-Animator or one of its sequels again, seriously I recommend you give Serum a miss. There I just saved you from wasting 90 minutes of your life, thank you later.
