"Serum" starts with credits reminiscent of the "Re-animator" movies, and it owes much to them. The story is very similar; a mad doctor develops a serum that he thinks will relieve pain, illness and death, but he does not seem to be a great believer in clinical trials and then wins up with a brain-eating zombie on his hands in his nephew. Zombie even looks like one of them from "Re-animator" and in fact some of the make-up effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the manuscript is rather slow and incredible in a few places, resulting in a soap opera feeling for most of the first three quarters of the movie. For some reason, the instructor has to tell us the time of day every few minutes by blinking it in large white letters across the screen. I can't see why this was important, except to be an attempt to give viewers a time relationship; sometimes it will not be present otherwise plotted together. <br /> <br /> There are a number of moments that just don't add here. For example, a victim becomes bludgeoned with a sledgehammer, but when we see the victim's head close, there is no sign of that trauma. In another scene, a sign runs down into a fully lit hospital corridor (we can actually see the circles of light on the floor actually) with a flashlight in hand and looking for the whole world as if he was in the dark ... but at the moment another sign goes down the same fully lit corridor without one. These are just a few examples; moments of what resembles executive or editorial fragility are often cut throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is better in some ways than much of what goes directly to video as independent horror lately. As for technical objects ?? sound and photography, for example ?? It has a more polished look than many countries on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a good deal of woodworking (especially by one of the protagonists, the mad scientist himself!) And indecent moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of unbelievers and all that needs to be done with writing and continuity . Perhaps the thing that people involved in making this movie will eventually gain more experience with. One of the problems with low budget independent horror lately is that filmmakers often set out to remake several popular movies that had bigger budgets, and it almost never goes out. It did not in the case of "Serum" at least.
