Green Street, as it was called in Britain, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is filled with amazing ideas and venues that anyone living in England has been in a football game or knows that the first thing about football is going to look straight away. <br /> <br /> My first main gripe with Hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. Don't make me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and have great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts he struggled to pull that role away. The main motivation for his character is anger in the system and anger at betrayal, but he uses a large part of the movie, which is calm and fun, showing only his raised aggression in a short scene towards the end of the film. This associated with his appearance and physics makes him a thoroughly convincing addition to a gang of football hooligans. Under no circumstances under the film was I convinced that a) he could do himself in a fight against such bullies, and b) the "fine" company would accept such a person in their fold. <br /> <br /> The other protagonist is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks that part, and is pretty convincing as a gang. Unfortunately, he is a resident of Newcastle Upon Tyne in northern England, he demonstrates the worst East London accent since Dick Van Dyke tried to go in cock-en-y in Marry Poppins. Details like this are unlikely to interfere with an American audience who would be less tuned to the regional dialect in the UK, but to be from the United Kingdom, that was a problem I could not ignore, and it helped destroy the movie for me. The support aids provided all convincing performances and were well-cast, especially the role of Bover. The boy who played this character would have been much more suited to the main role played by Charlie. With a movie like this, convince the audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately the casting has failed. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather and had Sean Hayes (Jack) from Will and Grace who played Michael Corleone's role. You wouldn't be convinced. The history of Hooligan is also full of impeccability. I'm no football Hooligan, but I'm a fantasy football fan. I know how wise it is that a group of "solid" football fans can be as such, it considers it impossible for a non-football fan who is not a fan of that club, not from that area and not even by English nationality to be embraced by a "company" similar to a secret organization in some serious cases. My last and greatest problem with this movie is the way it portrays football hooligans. I protest against the film's idea that even though they are very violent individuals, hooligans are excused as they live on some kind of ethics in their own world and should be admired for being brave and loyal to one another. This is completely rubbish. Football schooligans are complete scum. They take football, the national sport in England and use it as an excuse to terrorize, scare and scare people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but give the whole country and the people a bad reputation. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If the 'GSE' in this movie really loved their club, West Ham, why should they spend their lives to be a spot on its name. Hooligans is an embarrassment for football and English society. The football hooligans make for football's reputation what Hitler did for the Germans' reputation. Although this film is trying / intending to show the "ugly" side of the football violence. It does nothing more than promote it as a form of excuse for extreme sports fans. It does not show the poor innocent townspeople at football matches that have their day ruined by some idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It does not show the innocent home and property owners who have to carry graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the right fans of football clubs suffering from indignation and embarrassment when their team supporters are forbidden to travel to out-of-town or overseas to European games, because the tears among them destroy it for everyone. If you want to watch a good movie about football violence, see the BBC drama 'The Firm'.
