'A Smile LIke Yours' is a pathetic comedy that doesn't really make sense. I don't think the story was complicated, but the whole plot is based on one thing: a couple's desperate and costly unsuccessful attempt to perceive children. People who tried it hard must have forgotten the possibility of adoption, which this movie is not good at. <br /> <br /> Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, a complete contradiction with everything the women's liberation movement offers, showing almost no sense of independence. She is a boring character like the dreamy housewife with absolute nothing else about her mind, but having children. As a stupid 50's romance comedy, Greg Kinnear is her filing man, who also shows no personality, no independence and from us, no interest. They are the two most boring and often annoying signs, and they hardly do for issues of a comedy that should present itself to many accidents, which should arise from a couple doing everything they can to conceive. Except that they really do nothing except go to a fertility clinic and distribute a lot of money to do what they could do in their privacy (except for the in vitro fertilization number). The reason does not allow any accident because the couple does nothing to create any kind of bizarre situation. They just go to this clinic. So what? <br /> <br /> The subplot is designed to test the couple's faithfulness, a necessary moral element in history, as the couple plans to conceive children together. Jennifer works at a new age store with her friend (played by Joan Cusak) and they are developing aphrodisiacs. Christopher MacDonald plays the interested buyer and Jennifer is the promising dealer of a beautiful prize for her and her friend's product. The sub-plot hardly offers much to keep you interested (though Joan Cusak is quite fun in the restaraunt scene). <br /> <br /> Danny (Kinear) is an architect who finds an opportunity to make extra money to cover clinic bills by taking a job in Seattle where his boss is the spoiled seductive (also another hopeless, helpless female character) trying to influence Danny (as stupid as he is) to have an affair with her when things are conveniently rocky with him and his wife (for reasons I don't care to give away). Jill Hennesy is good in the role, but her character is too predictable and too formal as a necessary element to conflict with Danny. It's stupid and once again, hardly interesting. <br /> <br /> The overall movie itself is totally boring and not at all fun (save the restaraunt scene and airline flights). The reason gives nothing that is really attentive. Although the story was only about two people trying to conceive, the authors could have found out more hilarious accidents to develop out of it. Second, the protagonists are quite boring. They are complete silouhettes of stupid 1950s comedies with happy wife and clueless man. So even without accidents that are present in the plot, the characters give nothing interesting, let alone fun. <br /> <br /> Joan Cusak should have been in the lead and someone else should have taken Kinnear's role. Cusak would have made even a miserable story incredibly fun (which she sometimes does in her acting role here). This is certainly one to pass.
