Let me start by saying that I did not first look at this movie with high expectations. It was recommended to me by a friend with mediocre taste in movies, and "MTV" was pasted on the front so I didn't expect much. What I expected was a tears, too dramatic, but at least effective. <br /> <br /> I was wrong. <br /> <br /> First of all, let me start with that I never read the book nor see any other versions of the movie. <br /> <br /> The play was my greatest grip on the movie. By god it's terrible The maid is pretty mediocre, but in comparison to the rest of the cast she is Maryl Streep. The main "Hero", Heath, is just plain horrible. He can sing decent-sounding clichés, but it's about it. His plays broke the "sad" moments of being so bad at points that I just burst into laughter. The Isabel girl was also quite kind and the brother was just a flat character who was played by an actor who could not show emotions at all. And when he tried it, it failed miserably. Neil Patrick Harris was the only decent actor who played Edward, although it is obvious that the direction was bad because even he didn't live up to what I saw him. Oh, and my father wasn't half bad for my memory, but he was in the movie for so little time I hardly remember. The story itself was not very good. More breakups than you can imagine. Predictable story (until the end, which I hardly understood). EXTREMELY unilateral character without real depth to them ... Overall, not interesting or compelling, nothing we have never seen before made much better, and nothing worth seeing here. The end is probably a tearjerker. It didn't matter. The end is not built up, it almost feels like an afterthought. In fact, I had to ask my friends why the ending actually happened, as when they explained it to me, I must have looked at my face about "Wait, when did they say it? What?". Never a good sign. Editing was probably the worst I have ever seen, although I understand that fade-in-fade outs have been made because it was originally made for television, but that is really no excuse. movie is just a bin. I'm a sensitive guy, I cried during two episodes of the Simpsons. I never cried under this crap, not even close. Really, this movie is not worth your time. If you really want to see a tearjerker look elsewhere.
