"The Matrix" was an exciting summer fan that was visually stunning, but also seemed curious to provoke in its Twilight Zone-ish way. The general rule applies here - and this successor does not correspond to its predecessor. Worse than that, it doesn't even compare it. <br /> <br /> `Reloaded 'explodes on the screen in the most professional way. In the opening few seconds, the first impression is generally good when Trinity is shot in a dream. Immediately after that, the movie nose-diver. After a catastrophic first 45 minutes, it gradually gains momentum as they enter the matrix and the Agent Smith fight takes place. But it loses itself quickly when it reaches the 14-minute ticketing sequence and gets even worse at the great moody twist in the end. Worst of all is the long-standing `Zion Rave 'scene. It not only has something to do with the plot, but it is also a pathetic excuse for porn and depressive dance music. The bullet-time aspect of `The Matrix 'was a good supplement, but in' 'Reloaded' 'they overused to make it seem boring. In the first there were interesting plot views, but here it is too linear to be extremely interesting. The movie is basically just a series of stylish leads that prevent us from realizing how empty it really is. It works on the wrong principle that bigger is better. It seems that the 'The Matrix' franchise has quickly fallen into the special effects of over-misfire that other franchises like Star Wars have. <br /> <br /> The working standard is mostly poor. Of course, the best character goes to Hugo Weaving's "Agent Smith" - the only thing to be interesting. Keanu Reeves is the final Neo, but in all the special effects there is little room to make much of an impact. Academy Award Nominee Laurence Fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue. Carrie Ann Moss's part as an action chick could have been done much better by any other actress. <br /> <br /> A bad, cast movie, 'The Matrix Reloaded' is a disappointment. Those who did not like the first are unlikely to flock to it. This is only for deaf-hard fans. Even in the film's own subgenre of special effect bonanzas (Minority Report, The Matrix, etc.), this is still pretty poor. My IMDb rating: 4.5 / 10.
