The first Matrix movie was lush with incredible character development, witty dialogue and action scenes that kept track of history's flow. These elements - combined with incredible special effects of the day - presented a magical ride that kept you excited all the time. Enter the Matrix Reloaded (and its successor, Revolutions). The problem here is not the special effects or the battle sequences that some can argue for; The brothers have taken well-developed characters from the first movie and hollowed them out as rotten wooden logs. ?? The connection established between viewers and screen characters in the first movie is lost when you realize that these are not the same characters from the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> Morpheus was developed as a charismatic, philosophical character with insights far more than anyone else in the movie, but here in the Reloaded - we are presented by another Morpheus who stands hard and hollow, reduced to corny one- liners that contradict the character we then developed in the first film. This character has just not felt the same, and it can also be said about the supporting characters in the movie. <br /> <br /> The removal of 'Tank' was also a disappointment. The thought of the thought in the first movie was at best minimal, but he played the role extremely well. In Reloaded, we discover that Tank dies after the events of the first movie, and he is replaced by a Jar Jar Binks stunt double that couldn't seem to save his live (imaginable chest of Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance left me crying all the way, and most of his spoken dialogue lacked timing. There was an overwhelming feeling that he was either trying too hard to convey his feelings on the screen or that the delivery in the script was off; In both cases, the experience was humorous! At times, I felt embarrassed by the actor .... Even Neo's God-fearing persona was suspected of most fighting sequences. The ladder with the 200 Agent Smith clones was certainly exaggerated. One must wonder for a man so gifted as Neo - that he would even waste his time engaging in such an infertile, capricious blow when more urgent matters take part (especially when one considers his ability to fly or his wicked ability to bend the Neo matrix could certainly have shipped the clones much faster and more efficiently. Again, such actions turn into a script that is prevented from consistency and scenes created as a filler to keep us out of feeling. In fate, our expectations for the characters created in the first movie are discarded immediately. Unfortunately, for those who expect more of the same - you will surely go away and feel seriously disappointed. <br /> <br /> But if you take Reloaded as your standard action-action movie and forget about the incredible history of inconsistencies and the settlement of already established character development from the first movie, you should go away feeling completely satisfied.
