I tried to remove everything that could be considered spoiler. I also assume you've seen the first movie or at least the general core, so if you don't have one of these, it might not make sense. <br /> <br /> Plot: This movie beats the audience head over with tired philosophical ramblings over and over in an effort to get the theme across. We are bombarded again and again by issues of purpose and destiny and choice and forced to endure the long, tortured platitude sessions that contain them. Neo, awakened by a dream in the last film, now begins a period of realization about its own existence. There are many revelations in this movie that I will be vague about so that they do not act as spoilers. <br /> <br /> * If you are still concerned, vague references will spoil the movie, don't read the section below. * <br /> <br /> The strength and weakness of faith have been revealed. The strengths and weaknesses of love and its temporary nature are also revealed. The interdependence of people and technology and our belief in technology have also been revealed. The importance of choice and experience is revealed. Explaining additional things that are revealed will go into too much detail so I will abstain (as the guidelines for writing a comment ask). Btw, by "revealed" I mean that it is soaked through our ears and eyes like nails. Storyline: So how does Neo and the band come from the end of the last movie to the beginning of the next? In short, they keep the faith and use and abuse excessive stylized action and bullet time as if it were out of style (and after this screen, I hope movie-making and decision-makers learn to appreciate subtlety and originality a bit more). More on that later. In order not to spoil anything, I will not say more than the promo material that has already been done: Neo is still trying to figure out the Matrix and he is looking for answers while trying to save people and Zion while the evil ones go after him and his cohorts. The movie pretty much picks up where the last one relaxed. <br /> <br /> Action: While martial arts activity and gunplay peppered its predecessor in slightly equal parts, this movie focuses much more on martial arts than gunplay and adds swords, sais, etc. to the mix. Special effects are used so often and waved in the audience's face that it becomes really tiring. I have discussed this movie with friends and colleagues, and almost all of them found some of the action sequences - especially the "Smith fight" we all heard would be in the movie - being too long and boring. This is a huge red flag for action fans, because the end of an action sequence either has to leave you, will have a little more or completely satisfied with the independence that has just taken place. <br /> <br /> These fighting situations don't. They are over-styled, over-the-top sequences that are wood and uninspired. In the first movie, there was a real sense of desperation for some of the actions, a feeling that the struggles were to survive, not just to look good (which I honestly don't think they are doing in Reloaded anyway) in black and leather. Go see the Drunken Master or Iron Monkey for this movie to remind yourself of what good fighting sequences are - you won't regret it. In addition, the "Matrix Abilities" people in Reloaded are not consistent and what they actually do is not consistent. The first movie had its inconsistencies here, but they were not too clear - unlike Reloaded. <br /> <br /> Special effects are poured on and over and over again. Every little thing that someone does is just jumping, somersault, spin, and in many cases just pose, is slow, bullet or over-accentuated by some kind of destruction. It is clear that W Bros had lots of money to throw at this movie, and boy did they throw it without any real restraint. Sharp editors could really have helped this, but the first movie was such a hit that free governance was apparently given, which brings us to. . . <br /> <br /> Character and Dialogue: I have already said, more or less, that the dialogue was tired and full of philosophical attitudes. Actors cannot really give depth to their character when the manuscript and direction push the face of the character progression or completely neglect it. The audience is in no time given nuance and substance so they can consider the sign alone. <br /> <br /> Keanu's behavior is stiff at best. Keanu is good at acting confused and it is all about what he does in this movie. He does a decent attempt to show passion between Neo and Trinity, but it falls flat. Lawrence tries to make Morpheus everything from Moses to Henry V, and be as cold as a cat throughout. With the manuscript he receives, he makes a noble attempt, but it also falls flat. <br /> <br /> Moss is also not very credible. Her gaze of concern is always the same, like Keanu's, and chemistry is not there, even though in their physical scenes it falls well enough. Hugo again raised his strange sense of being an agent program, but he also suffered from the manuscript's hand. In fact, I find him to be the most interesting character of the pile, but instead of development they just make him an excuse for a huge, drawn battle scene. All in all, this movie is beyond disappointing if you had good expectations, and as an independent film (which is not how it should be taken), it is still terrible. I don't see The Matrix so deeply, but I see it as an enjoyable scifi hull that has some interesting ideas, good action, some fun lines, and enough retained symbolism and elusions to entertain it. Reloaded fails on all of these counts, and I really hope that W Bros will give us a better 3rd tranche experience. Permitted, I don't have much hope left for it after this movie.
