Easily small semi-soaps, but hardly captivating. Still two or three fun moments. What amazes me is how smooth and morally very doubtful McNicol is. She plays an invalid (a leg problem), but she is not only the "ugly duckling" that men avoid, but she is even male - and we must feel for her! Oh, poor little McNicol, with his leg problem ... Poor little McNicol ?? She gets constantly passing from men and even dumps them without blinking! On one occasion she even has a pre-mediated one-night affair with a blonde stud, and then she tells her newly found French girlfriend quite non-chalantly that it took him time to get an erection! Make us viewers wonder why she is so leg-conscious if every guy wants to bend her. Well, almost every guy; The only guy who really scolded her after seeing her leg wrapped in metal is the guy working on the phone. But otherwise she seems to be just fine with men! No shame, no lack of success with men, and she throws them away as toys; The way she dumped Carradine was ridiculous. Bad little invalid girl ?? I do not think. And yet we have to believe that this woman has a great confidence problem; Thus, the scene where she prepares to start playing the whistle for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw the notes on the ground out of nervousness. Nervousness ?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing that suggests that she has confidence problems, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit into the larger picture. I was also surprised at how quickly and eagerly McNicol makes friends with a French woman who screws a married guy. On the surface, the film appears to be a "sentimental story of a curly woman's struggle for acceptance" (or such), but it is not so; The author clearly shifts between this type of movie and a "screw something that moves - that's the 80s" kind of movie - very confusing. <br /> <br /> As far as her leg is concerned, it's not as if she has a large, fat purple balloon growing on her calf muscle. She only has a normal metal prosthesis attached to the lower part of the leg, so I really don't understand why the film's makers are trying to make it seem like she is Quasimodo female or something at the beginning of the movie. It's not as if she has a twin head that grows out of her neck! Although McNicol is hardly a big catch. Kind of sharp, but nothing special, quite average. But what in the hell does Carradine make a kind of a (relatively) smooth guy flirting with McNicol and her friend? This guy was in "The Revenge of the Nerd"! But I think it's the same with Carradines in the movies as it is with Kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, out of bounds or stupid, all doors are open to a career in film and politics. <Br /> <br /> Down with nepotism. <br /> <br /> To read false biographies of Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and morons, contact me by email.
