Another double noir on a Warner Home Video disc and much better of the two films is RKO's amazing 1950's thriller "Where Danger Loves". This is a memorable classic with a great cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Fought photographed in Black & White by Nicholas Musuraca, it was tightly directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is an excellent example of the noir style of image making and will always be remembered for the stylish craftsmanship that was Hollywood's past - (See my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praise can be applied to the second movie on the disc, the creepy MGM 1949 stinks TENSION! Badly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry this movie is full of ridiculous characterizations and unlikely situations. The unthinkable relationship between a mild and bad pharmacy - which is mixed by Richard Baseheart - and his obvious floozy wife (a risible Audrey Totter) is completely unreliable and unconvincing (how in the world they ever came together, is it anyone). So, when she "surprisingly" kills him for one of his playmates (Lloyd Gough), our modest pharmacists, instead of being euphoric and over the moon with his new found happiness, are plotting revenge and trying to kill Gough, but at the last minute chicks out. The guy is murdered anyway, and our pharmacy is immediately suspected of homicidal detective Barry Sullivan (another gentle achievement). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you really couldn't break less, as it's all so poorly executed and ridiculed by Director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea of ​​pacing and cannot even inject a smithy of style into the case. There is nothing he can put in front of the camera that prevents you from nodding out! The only TENSION contained in this movie is in the rubber band, stretched to its limit and snaps into Barry Sullivan's fingers as he gives intro to the film's opening. So much for it! A most unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! Best thing about this turkey is the smooth monochrome filmography of the great Harry Stradling, an effective score of a young Andre Previn and an early dramatic look of the lovely Cyd Charisse before she found her dance shoes. Hi! - Maybe she could have saved the picture if she had given us a few steps and a few pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> However, there are plenty of extras included that boast trailers, comments and feature films for both movies. But the disk is worth the only thing for RKO Mitchum classic!
