"Memoirs of a Geisha" is a visually stunning melodrama that looks more like a camp, drawing queen satire than anything to do with real people. <br /> <br /> The first half of the film defends defensively that geishas are neither prostitutes nor concubines, they are the pursuit of traditional Japanese beauty. But apart from a breathtaking dance, the rest of the movie degenerates into "Pretty Baby" in the Storyville area, or at least Vashti and Esther in the Purim story, as all women's art and artwork work is about entertaining much, much older, drunken boorish men. Perhaps it is Japanese culture that becomes prostitute, and not just for the American louts after World War II. <br /> <br /> It is perhaps the thrill of speaking in English, but Ziyi Zhang hardly shows much of the big flare she demonstrated in "House of Flying Daggers (Shi mian mai fu)" and "Hero (Ying xiong). " Michelle Yeoh occasionally gets a glimpse of her sure results in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (Wo hu cang long)." Only Li Gong shows something real life. Otherwise, I held pictures of Charles Ludlam in various roles, or even Cillian Murphy, as in kabuki theater, especially as the plot hit the cat fight after the cat fight. The supposed love story has no chemistry, mainly because of the age differences, and I felt mostly sorry Ken Watanabe and hoped his Hollywood pay check compensated for his loss of dignity as the mysterious "president". I remember several feelings in "Portrait of Jennie" as the young girl is eager to grow up in Jennifer Jones to please Joseph Cotton. <br /> <br /> We see brief glimpses of reality when geishas are regular women as photographic attractions, and as an ageless, Ziyi Zhang lives out the war years in a very colorful kimono dying operation. The final has little sense of normality. The result includes many chopped traditional melodies, with the cello by Yo Yo Ma and the violin by Yitzhack Pearlman instead of traditional instrumentation that is beautiful to listen to in accompaniment to the lovely cinematography as long as one completely ignores the plot and stiffening. As my mind walked, I wondered how the great Japanese directors of samurai movies would have dealt with this story, which would probably have been more formal, but much more emotional.
