The Robin Cook short story "Coma" was already transformed into a rather successful film in 1978. A few years later, another Robin Cook's bestseller's trip to get the big screen shot, but in the case of "Sphinx" is almost everything it can go wrong, go wrong. This is a horrible adventure game made up of wooden performances, stupid dialogue, unconvincing characters and line pacing. The only reason to avoid a 1 out of 10 rating is that the Egyptian background gives infinitely more fascination than the story itself. Hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (of "Patton" and "Planet of the Apes") is the director of this debacle. Pretty Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a work holiday in Cairo when she stumbles upon the antique dealer's shop Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi is friendly with Erica and is impressed by her enthusiasm and knowledge. Therefore, he shows her a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharoah Seti I, which he secretly holds in his shop. The existence of the statues arouses intense excitement in Erica, for it could provide important traces by finding Seti I's lost grave, a prize as large as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi can tell Erica more, he is brutally murdered in his shop, with Erica in silent silence as he meets his grinning end. Backed yet tantalized by what she has seen, Erica tries to track the treasure. She finds herself helped and prevented in her quest by various other parties, none of which are truly credible. For one, Yvon (Maurice Ronet) is apparently a friend, but perhaps a man with monstrous backgrounds? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a particular attraction, but can also hide dangerous secrets from her. The major problems with "sphinx" are generally due to its overall failure of plausibility. Down couldn't be less convincing as a female Egyptologist ?? One assumes that she would be quite educated and resourceful, but she uses the whole movie to scream helplessly as a little busty bimbo from a teenager's flick. In the rare cases that she doesn't actually run from a potential villain, she does other brainless things like taking Polaroid flash photos into a 4,000-year-old grave! The basic thoughts are heavily handled, at least, mainly consisting of revelations and double crosses that can be predicted well in advance. You can't even try to enjoy the movie on a par with stupid, but entertaining action, because the pacing is horrible. What little action can be found is separated by long stretches of tedium. A famous review of the film stated: "Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a 2-hour movie been so appropriately summed up in 2 words.
