This movie has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just a com-on. The story relates to an imaginary sand and hidden tomb in the royal valley, King Seti I, second pharaoh from the 19th dynasty, New Kingdom period. It's not a bad yarn, and much of the film is shot on the spot. Even the scenes in the Winter Palace Hotel lobby in Luxor were really shot there and not in a studio. The other unit thing is endless and they must have been detached on Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should pick it up as a sideline. The film is essentially destroyed by one of the world's most annoying actresses, Lesley Anne Down, starring. She spends the whole film wondering how she looks, is her blue eyes breaking the light at the right angle, making all the comrades feel like her, etc. After starting life as a model at the age of ten, what hope could be for her ? She embodies everything that is most disgusting about female vanity and obscure intransigence. And to believe that this movie was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an "Patton" Oscar! He allows this terrible actor to scare and simplify the movie, hysterically for a moment, flirting the next, in a kind of hurricane of idiocy, as she rolls from one to the other, either screaming or sleeping in the bedroom, it doesn't matter. She was supposed to be a young Egyptologist. But she has never been to Egypt before! She takes a taxi to Giza and catches her first glimpse of the pyramids, throwing in ecstasy: "But they are so great !!!!" Vomit! Okay, so it was the manuscript, but she takes too easy to banality and gives the impression that it is her natural element that I do not doubt in a moment. Elements of the story are obedient. There is actually a serious problem about a black market in antiques there. Right! Well done! The novel by Robin Cook, which I have not seen, can be okay for everything I know. It was fun to see the name Cyril Swern as the sound recorder on the movie, which I knew him quite well long ago. Stanley Kubrick's stepdaughter Katharina is described as "draughtswoman". I wonder what that means? Maybe she did some work. Still, the antiques in the film are pretty good, actually. And we'll see lots of Cairo Museum and many scenic places. They actually go into King Tutankhamun's Tomb! I can't imagine it would be allowed today for a movie. A lot of inappropriate scenes take place in mosques. It would not go well today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. The music for the movie is absolutely horrible, worse than Lesley Anne Down in fact! But there were soundtrack elements that were surprisingly authentic, one of which was the cacophony of Cairo's traffic noise, accurately reproduced in the background, and would make anyone who knows Cairo nervously nervous. Also, the speaker's call to prayer is there all the time, another authenticity. Why didn't they get it right? It could have been good.
