I agree with most of the comments I have seen written. I grew up seeing Seseme Street before many of the people who wrote comments themselves were born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Seseme Street was introduced to television. The show taught me my numbers (The Count), the spelling (Muppet) and about life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and don't quite understand why they might change. I understand that everything needs to be changed somehow, but to make Cookie Monster a "veggie monster" to promote healthy eating. The show has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception, why not make a separate "veggie monster" that speaks / discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But back to my point. I grew up at the beginning of Seseme Street, my now 20-year-old daughter grew up watching the SS with me beside her, and we were discussing Mr Hooper dying even though he was dead before she was born , as well as other topics on the show. I saw the episode as an older child, and can still remember how well they portrayed the event, like real life. And I'm sure it hit extremely hard, as all deaths and losses affect families. You saw this on the show and it allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show has talked about traditional families, adoptive families and combined families. It is one of the few shows that actually discusses these scenarios. I now have a 5 year old daughter who really does not see the SS. I've tried to watch the show a couple of times, but it really wasn't what it used to be. Elmo 1/2 hr with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It is geared to the under 18 month old (maybe) and is not even fun. I always prided myself on seeing the SS as a child, teenager and adult with my own child. Now on my second round, I really find it hard to see the SS. The topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new to neighborhoods, moved away were related to children and adults in a way easy to understand and relate to 2-99 years old. Now, there are no concepts taught, minimal counting, only occasional mention of the alphabet. It is NOT the same SS, from an original watcher of the show. PLEASE if any show producers read these comments, the show will return to its foundations. New concepts have never been a problem with the SS, they just used to have a better way to incorporate them into the show.
