If you want to see a movie that terribly mixes a Latin country with any other latin country, "Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru has not even shown politics or soldiers as much as in his most violent times this movie. This showed a country like El Salvador when the civil war. Being a Peruvian living in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was fun to see police guards here and there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Perú and you want (or need) to be a taxi driver, just write a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the front glass of the car and you can drive freely in Peruvian streets (there are taxi companies, but their prices are quite expensive). No need for yellow or a black and white squared tape on the doors of your car. Well, taxis in this movie have the band that you will never see in Peru. 3. Peruvians are not Caribbean styled clothing. For example, when a taxi driver comes out, he had a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and 40 mustaches, like Clark Gable. Not a Peruvian man looks like that, thank you! Peru is not Caribbeans! 4. A scene shows a woman on a street with a rather long skirt like the typical folklore dresses in Latin America. Take a trip anywhere in Peru and you will never find a woman wearing it unless you see a typical dance. 5. Cast could have been better: I can't deny Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but he's not a Latin actress (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not liquid. It's notorious Spanish isn't his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could have performed as Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so fun to see Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodríguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class and did their best to speak Spanish. Unfortunate, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer who told Cardinal Sebastián also spoke quite a fun Spanish. There are very good Peruvian players, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (to name just two out of many Peruvian actors) who could have done with expertise. 6. I admit that a fictitious movie can be licensed to invent cities or even countries. But be careful when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city portrayed in this movie must have been called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree with a user who says this movie was filmed in places in Peru. Not a place is Peruvian, although production has used in excess posters showing "Inca Kola", the Peruvian soda. Like not getting American movies, this one must have used some Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, a Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he must arrive at the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, the capital). In fact, believe me it must be an airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And of course there are no military or police officers in the Peruvian airports. 9. When this John takes a room at a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and obviously has no air conditioning. This does not happen in any hotel in Perú (and other Latin countries) unless you get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting the government are ... Colombians! Their accent was undoubtedly from Colombia. To caste them, the producers should have employed Peruvian actors. In a few words it would have been cheaper to film in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could continue with several examples of this movie that led me to give it a "1" (horrible) voice, but I fell asleep after about. 20 minutes from the start. But dear producers: It's not a tragedy: There are many worse movies with no mistakes. Let's just remember "Indiana Jones and Christ's skull's rich" and indescribable Disney's "Emperor's new groove". The list of bad movies could be endless ...
