The film gives a rather condensed version of what is contained in the book, which as far as I can tell by doing some research and investigative fact control is basically a work of fiction. In fact, there are no old rolls, and if the author was hard pressed, he is sure he must admit that he has never seen any rolls in ancient Aramaic discovery in Peru. These "valuable" texts written as usual by anonymous ones were destroyed by the evil "truth haters" in the church and in the local government. It is pretty strange when all kinds of New Age crap come out every year --- hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to be hell bent on destroying the movement that it probably sees as I do, a total crock of doody. I am no fan of the church, but at least the old texts on which they base their beliefs are real. It is a typical pattern of scam artists and religious hucksters claiming to have seen or translated ancient documents which, unfortunately, were destroyed by "evil" men or in Joseph Smith's case, were taken back to heaven when translated. Therefore, the actual texts cannot be found in any museums such as the Smithsonian, or the translations are controlled by ancient language specialists such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In a sense, I admire someone smart enough to come up with a good idea and make millions of it, but I couldn't do it myself, since I didn't want to mislead the public with more New Agey lofts. <Br /> <br /> Occasionally, a true old text is found hidden away and lost for years. The Gospel of Judah, a Gnostic text, was discovered and after carbon dating and diligent examination of the text, which was considered authentic by experts. The Gospel of Judah was referred to as heretical about 300. No church documents of that time mention any Celestine Prophecies as authentic, heretical or anything else. <br /> <br /> We are evolving into something - so much is true - but the optimism of Celestine Prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy built on a foundation of lies, like a castle built on sand will collapse. The harsh, ugly, overcrowded, cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely to be what it is like over Horizon than any utopian hippie municipality where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth, and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, though purely piffle and you can get millions. Celestine Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad there is a castle built on sand. Don't make me wrong. I wish God, Celestine Vision was reality, only that is not. No old philosophy at all times expressed ideas given in Insights with the modern concept of spiritual development that goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwininan Evolution became known. This means that the ideas of the celestial prophecies cannot be older than the 19th century C.E, and not go back to the early B.C.E period or near Jesus Nazareth time. This type of claim from New Agers is not unusual at all. Wiccans claim their brand of magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" dates back to the Stone Age, when in reality there is no shadow book ever known to exist before Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s and was Aleister's comrade Crowley . <br /> <br /> New Age gurus tell lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, as the old ones had to thumb their noses at such absurdities as are predicted by gurus today. Why do they do what they do, do such scams? Simple: There are millions of dollars to be made and the modern guru acquires power over his or her successors. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their demand for love for all things. Each New Age group bitterly opposes the others. It's a battle for your minds and your wallets. <br /> <br /> But learning a thing from me that actually corresponds to one of the insights, learns to follow your own instincts and seek guidance from within. That I can agree with wholeheartedly.
