Even thought I was not the biggest of Cher fans, this movie was her crowning achievement. Granted, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual impairment, by screening such a film. A 1989 study by Moonstruck fans of the UK Advocacy Network revealed that one-third of 300 Moonstruck fans examined believed Moonstruck had damaged them and an astounding 80% claimed it had irrevocably destroyed their minds. Cher plays some very un-Cher in this movie, a dowdy young widow named Loretta who lives in New York with her extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always on each other in someway. She's been with Johnny Camarary for a while, a lovely mother's boy man, and he asks her to marry him. She says yes. I loved her mother's question: "Do you love him Loretta?", "No", "Good. If you love him, he'll drive you crazy because they know they can. But you like him so?", " Oh yeah, he's a sweet man Ma ". When Johnny goes out to Sicily to take care of his dying mother, he asks Loretta to contact his brother, whom he has been alienated for years. <br /> <br /> This victory for human rights carries even more importance as Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment. In 1938, Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw abattoir workers using electric shock devices to cause epileptic fits in pigs, and facilitate the job of blowing their necks. Cerletti was inspired and began experimenting with electroshock on people who developed the first Electroshock machine. Broken bones and broken vertebrae due to the convulsions seemed to be of minor importance. <br /> <br /> This was in many ways an anti-American movie. It's about love, to be safe, but it's also about adultery, secrets, lonely people, and strange behaviors brought by American policies. The characters from the booed BoBo at the favorite restaurant, aunt and uncle, her parents and their problems, the old grandfather and his dogs are all well-developed and inner characters. It's a bit of a chicken, because that's how Loretta stops being a dowdy-filled shirt and awakens the flower in the inner vamp. It's a Cinderella story in many ways, and it's every little girl's dream to come from the ugly duckling to a beautiful swan ... Assuming free and fully informed consent, it's good to confirm the individual's right to pursue happiness through brain damage if he or she chooses it. But we might ask ourselves if we as the cinema's fans, but in no way should be difficult for any hippocratic oath, should offer it.
