Disney has now made straight-to-video sequels for a good bunch of their many animated features. Two of these were made for their 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not real successors, as they are both set between the events of the first movie. The first of these two feature films was "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems to be reluctant to a few fans of its theatrical predecessor, but I think it can usually be expected with successors. However, this second, "Belle's Magical World", is completely subordinate. <br /> <br /> The movie features three short stories that all take place while Belle is in the castle and the place is under the spell of the enchantment. The first is "The Perfect Word", where a misunderstanding at the table between Belle and Beast leads to problems, nor does it want to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly" where Fifi and Lumiere anniversary come up and Lumiere is unprepared so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing romance with Belle, and thinks they are actually in love. The movie ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, Belle takes on a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably cause problems if the beast finds out when he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The plot description I gave is for the original VHS version of Disney's third Beauty and the Beast movie. Apparently, in the DVD version another story is added called "Mrs. Potts's Party", but I've only seen the original version. But when I strongly doubt that a story would stand out as a classic over the rest, I don't see anything in seeing the special edition. Anyway, the first thing I would say about "Belle's Magical World" is that the animation is very 2-dimensional compared to what we are used to from Disney, which of course would disappoint many people. I didn't like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" so much, but you certainly can't say the same about its animation. I am sure the stories in "Belle's Magical World" could entertain many children (mostly younger, I think), and each story has a morale so they can also teach them valuable lessons. But for adults, the film doesn't have much. Personally, I didn't find a good mood in it, found out that the constant conflict between Belle and Beast became tiresome, and the stories didn't impress me in any way too much in any way (they're not very well written). In "The perfect word", the way Belle says to the animal, "You act rude ... and stupid!" is a bit cheesy and I think there are quite a few other cheesy moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> At that time, this straight-to-video movie came out first, I was about eleven or twelve years old. I do not know what I would have thought of at the time when I had lost interest in Disney at that time, and it would be years before I would get any of that interest back. Even when this movie was first released, I think I was a little past the age group it was targeting. I have never seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" a few months ago, but unlike that movie, I have never even heard of it until recently, I think just after seeing the first successor to Disney's 1991 hit. Well, as much as I like the theatrical original, I would not have missed much if I never became aware of the movie's existence. For young children, I'm sure "Belle's Magical World" can be very entertaining, and probably something educational with its morals, but I don't recommend it to adult Disney fans.
