It is true! Below 9 on average, but maybe under 12 for some others! I was 11 when I originally watched this video, and at such youth I was unable to notice the creepy cartoon quality or the fact that the classic characters we all grew to love are not the same or so good to see. Almost everything is so 2D here! Belle is, I agree, not even beautiful, but just an ordinary woman with tinted skin, she wears the same bright blue dress all the way with not a glamorous dress, wardrobe is to say the least, annoying - my ears can soften if I were to listen to her every day! Lumiere, in both the original and the Christmas edition were suave and elegant, but here he is a womanizing, unfunny twit! Cogsworth, despite being the no-nonsense housekeeper he is famous for, is a complete sh-t and the most unbearable sign I want to say! He always seems to find closing his unbearable lattice hole in his very difficult one, and if the face of the clock really should have been used to return in time to the unforgettable two films in this series! Poor, poor wife Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classical actresses), but by Anne Rogers, who did not catch Mrs. Potts' character, she was not guilty! Not if she did her best! When the animal roars it sounds so terribly false with obviously no further roar, snarls or ditch of a microphone. I am aware that this is only a third move after two other films, so of course it would not be so good, but I am sure that more of a contribution would not have hurt Disney artists who have actually achieved so. Notable styles of animation over the years. It's okay, I guess, and sometimes I look at it, but only when it suits me. It is quite difficult to make a recommendation for you to read this because it depends on how old you are, but remember this will not be what you can expect after the earlier spectacular movies! And to think that on my video of it said the text on the back of "brilliant animation"! It is a nice little flick, but for one thing it is also very bad, and for another, these 3 words should have been saved for the next reissue of the original!
