SPOILER WARNING: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read it beyond the first paragraph if you plan to watch the movie. The Disney Channel currently has a policy of making lots of movies and showing a month on the cable channel. Most of these are mediocre and killed and have some good elements, but are still a disappointment (`Megaplex's Phantom ',' Stepsister From Planet Weird ',' Zenon: The Girl of the 21st Century '). Each time for a long time they make something really good (`Genius' 'The Other Me'). But occasionally the Disney Channel makes a big mistake and gives us a real stink. This month (December 2000) Disney Channel was "The Ultimate Christmas Present" which I thought was terrible due to bad writing and worse action. Apparently 'The Brainiacs.com' was rushed out a few days before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday because the plot has to do with toys. They even paid a function on the TV guide, so I thought it was better than the norm. I was in for a complete shock. Only Disney's "Model Behavior" has been worse than this. <br /> <br /> The reason was more removed than usual. I usually let slip, but here it just goes too far. Matthew Tyler becomes very ill by his single father, who spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has taken large loans on a careful bank to remain floating. The father has to over and over ignore the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is if he becomes a boss and orders him to stay home. He gets an idea with the hair to create a website where children around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister invents. The whole concept is full of errors. When children send in millions of dollars, Matthew opens his own business bank account and buys most of his father's business statement. He is the secret boss, but he does not disclose this to his father, but presents himself at board meetings as a cartoon image through a computer. The picture itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for anyone to create it at home, much less than anyone who comes across the stupid as Matthew. To make a long plot map, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal agent turns out to ask about Matthew's business as it is deceptive. <br /> <br /> There's so much wrong here. As mentioned, the things they do here are impossible even for genuine geniuses that these children are not. The site, the cartoon image, the computer chip, even the things they are taught in school, are far too advanced for these kids. It appears by most of the players, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some known faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the evil bank owner, but his part is a throwaway. He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (showing that she has the ability to act), explaining his motives, but no more. And Rich Little is wasted in a small role as a judge. There is even something offensive and effortless for anti-Russian jokes. But the biggest atrocities are the hard hammered themes. These themes appear in many of the Disney Channel movies, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages been bound so strongly. The typical 'overtime parent' idea is really pushed hard, and after delivering it inappropriately in `The Ultimate Christmas Gift ', then I see it again, is my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless sermon because work is important to maintain a usable family too. Apart from canceling activities thanks to work, the father did not come across it so badly, but I found it offensive when Grandma told him: "I don't like what I see." Just as bad is the sermon of the idea that all single parents should marry if they want to raise their children properly. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, while important to the plot, is merely the interest of love for the father. This offense only turns out that the Disney brain's confidence lacks the brain to avoid scratching the bottom of the Disney script barrel. Instead of letting this movie teach your kids to commit serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It must be better than this. Zantara's score: 1 out of 10.
