I didn't know much about this movie until I saw it, but I heard it had something to do with quantum physics so I was interested. What I didn't know is that this is nothing quite historic, but a bunch of New Age blowhards who love the sound of their own voice and talk about how little they know about basic quantum mechanics. I say it belongs more to the documentary category than to Comedy or Drama. <br /> <br /> Marlee Matlin is in the movie to give this New Age symposium * some * kind of story. Her parts of the movie feel terribly dressed and are meant to show the speaker's thoughts so we won't die of boredom. Matlin has a real work as a photographer, unlike New Age hippie, who goes down in her sofa. We are going to listen to nameless people who go over what quantum physics all "mean" to them. One bright spot in this movie was the speaker from India (I suppose), but I think he appeared for the wrong movie. It looks like Barbara Eden really let herself go and she goes on and on how quantum research has something to do with her crazy New Age beliefs. It seems that Quark from DS9 runs low on cash and he also makes a short look in the movie. There is a lot of whizbang CGI we should be impressed with; Cells in the body are shown as dancing jello molds, because the filmmakers have apparently seen Flubber one too many times. <br /> <br /> People in the movie say that the Arawak people in San Salvador believed Columbus ship, Pinta was invisible because natives had never seen rocky ships before, as if people today had any way of knowing. Of course, they leave all this information and just said "Columbus ships were invisible to the Indians in America." The film takes many such arrogant leaps. Thomas Young did a double-slit experiment around 1805 and found that light may look like a particle some time, and a wave some of the time. Of course you will never * know * this from watching this silly movie because the only reference to it is that "atoms can be particles and waves". And it must mean that people can pass through walls, go to water and never get old if they just want a star !! Then I'm sure Marlee Matlin could stop being deaf if she just believed * hard enough. I am sarcastic, but this film is full of false hopes and beliefs that the people who use them do not really hold. <br /> <br /> These are New Age cooks who have embraced Quantum Theory as confirming everything they think of meditation, zero energy, crystal healing, etc. If these snake sales dealers really believed in the crap they sold, couldn't they * wish * their pay slips to exist instead of appearing in this joke of a movie? We're going to listen to another nameless man, with no credentials we know, talking on his sofa in front of a fireplace (or TV screen) about how he creates his own life. Every time he was on the screen, I wanted someone to hurry and throw a pie in his face. These people take themselves too seriously. Some other balding guy in a costume says no one ever * really * touches anything because there's a magnetic force that prevents it on the quantum plane. If only someone had gone on the screen and kept him in the stomach and screamed, "I'm not touching you! I'm not touching you!" A moral relativist in the film claims that there really is "not so good or bad." It is so clear that Hitler gassed millions of Jews to death? Another person says there is "no such thing as love." It's just a chemical, and we really don't love people, we're just dependent on the chemical rush we have when we're around them. I suppose this guy makes this movie as a community service to be heroin-dependent for so many years. We are witnessing a truly pathetic order in which two young adults walk around a wedding reception and see everything as RoboCop. They assess whether women are cows, dogs or foxes, and a sexual position pops on the brute. Marlee Matlin gets full in the wedding, she has to photograph, and the next day she decides to love and take a bath because she is a beautiful and unique snowflake. I liked when the film said that people often find evidence of their preconceived notions. Perhaps in this review I see only what I want to see, but I really wanted to see these people get pies for their face, and it never happened. <br /> <br /> If you've never heard of any of the ideas presented in the movie before, find them interesting, but there are better sources of all the ideas here. If you want to see a good movie talking about the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, see The Man Who Was Not There. If you want to read a good book on Quantum Field Theory, read Hyperspace by Michio Kaku. If you want to see a movie talking about different philosophies with imaginative images, you can see Waking Life (though it may feel boring, self-meaning, and pretentious at times). All in all, read Quantum Psychology or Prometheus Rising by Robert Anton Wilson instead of wasting your time on this movie. I usually find it hard to give movies a score of 1 to 10, but this was very easy for me: 1/10 Stars. <br /> <br /> The title of the movie is true. People in this movie do not know # $ *! Hands down, the worst movie I've ever seen.
