I very much agree with some of the other critics of this movie. I found it incredibly stupid (at best) and even misleading, misinforming and damaging (at worst). Like others, I found this movie a horrible mix of "real" science and pseudoscientific New Age propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was particularly offended by Candace Pert's contribution. True, I was not a fan of her before this movie, but her discourse on "consciousness" of cells was one of the best examples of taking an expression ("consciousness") that has a predictable significance for most and uses it in Such a distorted way to make it hide rather than clarify. It is an old Orwellian mind-f ** k, which the master himself described so well in his amazing essay "Politics and the English Language." Referring to "consciousness" in this way - referring to this film as "science-based" in general (which is its clear intention) - is to use language in the same way that Stalin used when he felt his slave states "Democratic Republics" and Hitler when he called his party a "socialist worker" movement. I do not claim to really understand quantum physics. I know enough of this to know that I really understand that it would take a significant study. Oh, but we Americans love "instant enlightenment" and that's what this mistake in a movie is trying to achieve. If it asked the question, it would be one thing, but it clearly tries to ask and answer those that no movie could possibly do simply because we are far away from the answers (if they actually exist). <br /> This way, this movie had an ethical need for a disclaimer on joining several "expert commentators" with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Knight, who often speaks in her "Ramtha" vote. (I am always amazed at this channeled 10,000-year-old Atlantic superman's understanding of 21st-century concepts and terminology. But then again, this film claims that past, present and future are all the same and the same, so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis 10,000 years ago, I suppose he could exist now and tomorrow, but how has his financial advice been so bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I am the creator of "good" and "bad" advice, so It's all my fault, not Ramthas.) <br /> <br /> What a mess.
