A particular no. A resounding NO. This movie is an absolute dud. After being recommended to me by a friend very much in "that kind of thing", I saw this movie with little expectation to be informed, changed, moved, changed, uplifted and all the other positive mysterious things that could happen to me when I suddenly see The Truth. Now it may sound like a person who is already poo-pooing something that deals with the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I am not such a person. I try to be open about any presentation and then decide accordingly. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I found mildly interesting and informative was a bit about peptides, emotions, addiction and cellular receptors. It was the only "unifying" element I could find in the documentary part of this movie. The rest of the documentary clashed around several topics and never seemed to unite and summarize, attempt to tie and conclude to a point. And what were all the things about Native Americans who couldn't see the ships Columbus came in? Who told the "authorities" in this movie that it was what happened in 1492? Where are they there too? Had they compared this to the scientific work done in visual recognition (the famous gorilla video, for example, visit Visual Cognition Lab on the University of Illinois website), there may have been a more compelling point. Here, however, it did not seem to support the mysterious mumbo jumbo. <br /> <br /> Like movie: it wasn't a movie, it was two. I found the documentary part interesting, just to hear the people talk about what they were talking about (I was annoyed that their credentials were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!) But I found the "story" part of the film with Matlin in the annoying, uneven, intrusive, non-related and even stupid. The bit about the Polish wedding with the dance was not at least fun. It was ridiculous, ridiculous, sophomoric and stupid. And I found the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It just seemed so out of place and wrong. Is such a use okay because a member of the group uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? It may be okay to make a point, but it did not seem to be used that way here. And at least I don't care what the cause, it offended me, a pole. I never call myself or refer to my ethnic background as "Pollack." And I certainly don't like it when others do it. Can I see or listen to a bigoted conversation where this term is used? You betcha! But again, this did not seem to be the case here. It seemed so out of place. Unprovocked, unmitigated. <br /> <br /> The action was unpleasant. Elaine Hendrix's performance was absolutely incredible. At times, it seemed like she was just reading her lines that had just been given to her. Marlee Matlin mostly seemed to be asleep to go through this whole thing. Maybe she was confused by the material. I know I was. If she were to portray a disillusioned drug-up-fear-conscious malcontent, it just didn't seem to click. But by far the world's worst Hendrix! All in all, I found this a disagreeable, badly acted piece of trap.
