It seems that the film's decision makers had trouble deciding what their message was. Therefore, they had even more trouble delivering it. They began by poorly describing quantum physics principles that relate to subatomic particles. Having established a fuzzy picture of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, they presented a burst of speaker heads that built a case of ridiculous logic that indicates that each living person is a unity that follows the same quantum rules on the cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about ideas on which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins have made their career: positive thinking, interrupting bad patterns, always looking at the bright side, etc. Next came a little about how our brains can change our bodies through production of proteins: hormones that we more or less choose to create. If you are sorry, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's just that simple, isn't it? Interwoven with our lessons, we follow Amanda's fictional life, a photographer who pops anti-depressants and hates her thighs. The filmmaker tried slowly and safely to get us all to say, "Hey, Amanda, just greet me!" Why can't she hurry up? Clearly, the world is a bad place where there is crime and poverty and religion, that's why. The end of the movie (which is virtually the whole other half) brought a contradiction. We are all part of a whole energy where we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are people who can change the world, but many of us all because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are and we have an intention to do good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, so there is nothing as right and wrong so there is nothing like reward or punishment, so nothing good ever came out of religion, but we still need to do well, though there is nothing so bad and good because there is no one to decide what it is, except the fact that each of us can make life good, If we all meditate, then crime will cease, and if we say good things, our water will be frozen in beautiful shapes. Still with me? Good because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science", all the meditation attempts started by John Hagelin in Washington, DC, a farce, the numbers were documented, and the murder rate was higher that year as the year before or since. And what about your positive attitude keeps you young and healthy? This was a message delivered by an elderly man who saw his age and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> So does all this or not? I was lucky enough to watch the film at a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the film's three directors (yes three) questioned the exhibition. I call myself lucky because I had first-hand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Several of the questions from audience members had her so blunt that her husband, a chiropractor, had to step in and recite the answer. I finally had to leave, as the discussion inevitably became political, and everyone, including Mrs Chasse, began to wonder how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this movie.
