I had many problems with this movie. <br /> <br /> It contains some basic factual information about quantum mechanics, which is fine. Although quantum physics has been around for more than 50 years, the film presents this information in a grotesque way, which seems to say, "Don't get away!" Well, not really. These are not earthquake revelations anymore. In any case, I was already familiar with quantum theory and the fact that particles must be described by wave equations, etc. Is not new. The biggest problem I have with this movie is how these people use quantum orientation as a way to provide a scientific basis for mystery and spiritualism. I have no serious problem with mysticism and spiritualism, but quantum mechanics has nothing to do with these things, and it must be kept separate. The people they interviewed for this movie begin with the ideas of quantum orientation and then make the leap to say it simply by thinking of something you can change the case around you. Therefore, we should think positively for a positive impact on the world and make our lives better. The reasoning is quite ridiculous, and the conclusions do not logically follow from the quantum orientation. For every so-called "expert" that they interviewed for this movie, there are many theoretical physicists who disagree completely. They will indeed point out that the unpredictability of the subatomic world does not support mystical beliefs about our spiritual affiliation. It disturbs me that people are going to watch this movie and completely eat it because it gives them a good positive feeling. The film's focal point is based on a total misinterpretation of quantum theory, and it is as bad in its thinking as any attempt to justify organized religion with similar pseudoscientific arguments. <br /> <br /> Avoid this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh yes. At one point, one of the "experts" says that most assumptions people have made about the world since the whole story turned out to be false, therefore, the assumptions we currently hold over the world are likely to be false. Huh? It doesn't quite follow. And although it did, I can't see how that helps his argument. I think if his ideas ever became common assumptions, then we suppose we must assume they are false, based on his own mindset.
