This was a crappy movie, with a whole lot of non-sense and too many loose-ends to count. I only watched this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a como in it and I continued to watch it, because as a girl I love any movie that contains male nudity for a change. Later I found myself wondering how much more ridiculous the story could get, and each time it became ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (great Chris L. McKenna, whom I have never seen before - but loved his little nude scene) makes ends meet as a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt from "Cheers" ). Thinking he'll get more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet with entrepreneur Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, plays a stereotypically evil guy). Ray is examined by a Town Hall auditor (Ron Livingston in a cameo, whom I have been in love with from "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray stops offering the seemingly desperate-for-cash Sean $ 13k to kill the auditor and Sean accepts the job. Sean steals the accountant whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) he finds himself attracted to, completes the battle and leaves - takes the file information against Ray with him. Sean learns quickly that he was being used by Ray never to pay him, and Sean uses the file as a lever to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point it is a descent flick ... generally worth seeing. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their crew kidnap Sean to musk the information about the file out of him, it just became stupid and stupid (and still DUMBER ...) until finally it seemed like the movie's writer Charlie Higson had knocked out by a 10-day writing hangover and realized that he had to desperately figure out how to unpack in the line of unreliable fairs he created before a deadline or something. Without simply clarifying the movie, let's just say that in each scene you see after the kidnapping, you find yourself gasping "what f ** K!" "Confused by the continued fool as Sean follows a rather graphic and rough path towards redemption. In the end there are so many loose ends in the movie that you start to regret that you saw it yourself. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should only watch as it hits cable and you should have enough beer and friends to mock the movie for it's full value. It should be a psychological thriller and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to give you the movie when you have "Norm" from "Cheers" and a Baldwin brother does the dirty work and a kidnapping strategy that really does no curse sans Guys will love the violence, blood and intestinal scenes and they completely girls will enjoy beautiful Sean's free scrap in a mainstream movie when it is almost always the girls being beaten in a movie, personally I hate that the only actor worth watching more than his appearance (Ron Livingston), is only in the first third of the movie.
