Eight academic nominations? It is without faith. I can only believe it was a very bad year - even by Hollywood standards. With Huston as director and Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner as leaders I would probably have turned off the bait and watched it anyway, but the Oscar nominations really sold it to me and I obviously feel cheated as a result. <br /> <br /> So it's a black comedy is it? Can anyone tell me where humor is in Prizzi's Honor? It is certainly tasteless (the shooting in the head of a policeman's wife is just another presumably comical interference in this planned farce about the mafia life), but with the exception of a joke about 'your favorite Mexican cigars' (which I imagine is an old one joke for Americans who have been officially forbidden to buy any Cuban for the past 50 years, I have not found any of a cartoon - and I tried. There are many Mafia clichés, but cliché does not make sense in my book. Is it a romantic comedy of that kind? Never. The characters and their relationships are so incredible and superficial that they are on par with Ben Afleck and Jennifer Lopez in Gigli. Is it a wise thought parody about the mafia? Not for a million years. The reason is just meaningless absurd rather than comic absurd, and it usually just has a feeling of a really bad (and cheap) Mafia movie. It feels more like a tribute than a parody. <br /> <br /> With one-dimensional characters and a bit of humorous style written to them, the actors are back in making risky accents and dragging faces. Now that's not enough; Even when the face is pulled by the gentleman of the comical facial expression, Jack Nicholson (repleat with puffed up top lip ... now it's supposed to be a parody of Brando's padded jowls in The Godfather? ... Oh! Who cares? ... all I know is not fun. Throw in something slow, plodding direction (this movie pulls for 2 hours), some hopelessly bold and clichéd dialogues such as. ; "Do you remember Camora? Well, we are far bigger, we track you wherever you go" and cliché way, and you get to the fast-forward button before you can say "capiche?". Prizzi's Honor is far from being Huston's "masterpiece" and is rather a very bad last work. It is definitely a job in the big director's canon that has to be given a concrete cover and thrown into the Hudson River.
