Oh, how do we have a misfire here; a movie so bad that your mind will wonder and swing away at other things as it wastes your time with the brain's numbingly bad production values; character stereotypes of the worst and racist nature since D.W. Griffith referred to the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as "the yellow man"; characters that are so imaginative and effortless that it is difficult to see as well as a narrative that plows together in such a slow, stupid and pointless pace that you will question the very people who say they like this movie. <br /> <br /> Prizzi's Honor is a movie that ends up being an absolute postmodern disaster in every possible way. The movie is a creepy and pointless disaster that John Huston controls; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson stare and everyone else fills the gaps as either stupid stereotypes or supporting characters crying on a phone now and then or bitter with a protagonist. Prizzi's Honor is a movie that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and total crime ?? this twinned with his instructor and cast must be enough to drive it through some sort of story; some kind of good scenes; a kind of intelligence in the form of a play or something else but no ?? What we get is a creepy and ugly movie that revolves around nothing. <br /> <br /> I will give a few examples of how horrible this horror show of a movie is actually. First, the movie thinks it's a love story, and this is thinking about about an hour of its time: of my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is an assassin who kills people for a family he works for in New York, yet he resembles his character out of One Flew Over the Guck's Nest more than an international hitman. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another assassin, and they knocked it off, but since the bad excuse for a plot plays out, it seems that everything is not right. I read that the plot of this movie is: "A professional hitman and hit woman falls in love, only to find that each one has been hired to kill the other." Well that's true, but the actual revelation doesn't happen until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna as a person with an IQ of 60: he walks around; apparently making observations and talking loudly about things he sees; he speaks as if he is either full or has a more serious problem from the inside and worse of all, we never get the feeling that he is an assassin ?? A really badly shot murder at an early stage (actually happening outside the screen) is not enough to assume that this guy is a brave, best of the best international hitman. So with a main character who is invisible and unrealistic, we move to the script. The first and a half hours are just a cinematic death zone with whatever is suggesting traces of life, only poor conventions: Partanna slouches around in the phone or personally asks the same things over and over again: "Do I marry her? love her? What is love? what should i do? "and it becomes so repetitive, it is not even capable of acting as good humor. This twinned with the way he always seemed to be on the phone for someone: a girl called Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by director John's daughter; who served absolutely no purpose to the plot at all and seemed to be there for laughs, which was the scene where she tells her father how she slept with Partanna and loved it ?? It made me think, should it be fun? Should I laugh? The film felt like a smart mafia image, what with its opening scene for a wedding (ala The Godfather) and sequel with a touch of noir as gangsters, police and murderers were introduced to the film. But what we get is something very, very different. The second hour is about a kind of kidnap plot; right, love and romance are treated ?? maybe the movie will start. I was so very wrong: with more characters telling constantly and very consciously in a monotonous way, we have a kidnap scene where a guy comes out of his office: this scene sum up the movie. Everything is short planned and then done in a heavy and stupid way that just makes it look cheesy. We must not see them come up with some dramatic music; maybe they must come through security to get to the lifts; Perhaps they should be careful with civilians when they hide in their chosen places and when the random woman steps out of the elevator and the shooting arises ?? the scene is not even edited correctly. Some excitement, some drama: "Do I or not I?" maybe a little slow motion as the sign should quickly draw before it is too late ?? anything but how it was actually executed. Prizzi's Honor continues its monotonous and uninterestingly decent for cinematic oblivion as it approaches its climax. It's a movie where cameras reflect in windows; lights reflect in sides of cars and "dead" drivers flash when nudged. Prizzi's Honor is a jumbled and messy movie that will try patients in any movie-goer and not say it was a comedy because I don't laugh at it ?? That is another matter. The film is repetitive, drawn and colorless in its vision and scope for originality - there is no honor here.
