After seeing MIDNIGHT OFFER, I am still convinced that the first decent film about (teenage) witches still has to be made. I didn't think much about the POWER, nor am I in CHARMED. The only movie I more or less enjoyed (about teenage witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even one was not very good. But changes are that if you liked all the aforementioned movies, you will also enjoy MIDNIGHT OFFERS. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a stupid and cheesy early 80s movie about teenage witches in high school. But I was a little surprised that this whole movie plays it quite seriously. The action is decent and serious all the time. No jokes are played by teenagers or anything. And the musical score, in the beginning I thought, was pretty good. It added some scariness and also something "classic", with the use of threatening violins and all. But when the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the score was far too ambitious. They didn't have to add the threatening violins when you just look someone back on a car and then drive away at normal speed. <br /> <br /> There is Melissa Sue Anderson, the main reason I could see this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a rather entertaining, thick-plotted (and greasy, sometimes) slasher movie she'd done in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERS. And I must say she was very good as the ice cold, evil witch Vivian. But the biggest problem with the movie is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but it is. Then there is Robin, the good witch who just learns about his powers. And we expect the two to use their powers more than once, but by only one occasion they use their powers to make some pieces of wood and other things fly through the air as projectiles. It was supposed to be a battle between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I hoped to see a spectacular downturn between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, flaming eyes or anything ... but nothing happens. There is a kind of confrontation in the end, but it is a big disappointment. Then the play of the two witches was good. The musical score was decent (though too ambitious). And the filmmaker was pretty dark and moody at times. But it doesn't make a good movie yet, does it?
