As is the case, the films of self-evident characters do not usually make a good drama. 'Downloading Nancy' is no exception. It is allegedly based on a true story of a woman murdered at her own request by a person she meets on the Internet. The main character is Nancy (Maria Bello), who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game that his company has successfully marketed to various bars and bars / restaurants. Unlike most people, Albert has almost no positive attributes (apart from his ability to succeed in business). Throughout the film, Albert has a bleak and expensive expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife with all his emotional problems and resorts to accuse prostitutes. When his wife asks for sex, he punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead. <br /> <br /> Nancy is as one-note as a sign. Not only has she had a loving 15-year marriage but was sexually abused by her uncle when she grew up (fortunately there are no flashbacks of the back story in the movie). Her self-suffering has the form of self-abuse and a result she is forced to therapy. But she has such disdain for her therapist that no progress can be made. <br /> <br /> Finally, Nancy is so depressed that she contacts Louis over the Internet. He is kind of a sadomasochistic gigolo who has sex with women for money while massive amounts of pain are being started. It is revealed that Louis has two children, but no longer sees them (the children's mother will no longer have anything with him). <br /> <br /> First, Nancy plans to have painful sex with Louis and then kill him. There is a particularly unpleasant scene where Louis has sex with Nancy as she beats his vaginal area with a broken piece of glass. These scenes appear as flashbacks after Louis visits Albert, who binds him and strikes him with a golf club. It seems that Louis has a two-tier plan to see Albert: 1) Prepare him for his treatment of Nancy and 2) Enjoy the battle he receives. It takes a while before Louis will reveal Nancy's fate first, forcing Albert to make him benefit to take his dog to a relative, so someone will take care of it in the future. Of course, Nancy's fate is that Louis eventually ended up choking her to death (but showed some hesitation first when he made it clear that he had some "feelings" for her). We soon learn that Louis is imprisoned for the life of Nancy's murder. <br /> <br /> What should we take away from a movie like Downloading Nancy? Should we apologize for victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is that the most important point in the movie? Is sympathy for Nancy actually justified? I do not think. The film's authors create a straw man in the character of Albert 拷 someone who is so cut off from his feelings that he is the one responsible for Nancy's decline. But are people so one-dimensional in real life? I do not think. They have the repulsive Louis, a man living by causing pain, getting over and enriching Albert to neglect Nancy. In addition, his expression of love for Nancy (before killing her) should show his 'sensitive side'. In the end, it does not matter if the filmmakers have defined where their sympathy lies with the various characters in the film. They are so bent on titling their audience with scenes of free violence that Downloading Nancy is no more than an exercise in bad taste and soft pornography.
