There is no particular original about this story of corrupt trade unions on one side and the "main lawyer" on the other. The sharp but imaginative lighting and photography originates from the fagged out noir cycle. The story could easily have been out of a Warner Brothers drawer with George Raft in the lead. The performance is routine, the direction flat and even the set dressing perfunctory. (An alley is shown by a single plaster wall of simulated brick. It has a poster on it. The poster says "Post No Bills.") We are introduced to the story and some of the characters of a narrator who informs us that although most unions work hard and honest to promote the causes of their members, a few are corrupt. But we don't really understand much about the unions or how they work, although I assume they were reasonable games after the success "On the Waterfront" a couple of years earlier. Here they are just a stick to hang the story on. The real ringleader is an unrestrained lawyer who runs things through three or four bullies. The district attorney (or whatever he is) finds out that Dana Andrews did in "Boomerang" that the wrong man (Dick Foran) is accused of a murder, and he spends the rest of the movie almost alone and digs evidence for Foran's innocence . He comes in fist fights and shoots out like any cheap movie private eye. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is D.A. He has shown some insinuating speeches elsewhere, but here he spends most of the time talking quietly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a sympathetic rummy, but can't make a good drunk. Beverley Garland is okay but undermined by the direction that has her gawking in a nightclub when she needs to be furtive. The rest of the casting would be suitable for a television series. <br /> <br /> No one is helped by the writing. When a "B girl" is being sent by the union to the Philippines, someone advises her to only learn a few Spanish words. "I only know one word," she says, "Say. Yes." The authors have not trusted the public to know that "say" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is lumpy and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in her apartment over a nightclub. He enters the door and has a gun pushed in the back of a yacht, but he dilates the tongue and knocks him out. Then someone orders to call the police. The rest of the scene played some length in the nightclub downstairs, forgetting about the police and they never come up, nor are they expected of anyone. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to be ashamed of, and some people like it, but there are similar things, better done elsewhere.
