A group of hunters track a werewolf, kill it, decapitate it and then sell the head to unethical Dr. Atwill (played by director / author Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer) whose eyes were destroyed when acid flew in the face during a laboratory explosion is the unfortunate recipient of the werewolf's eyeballs. It takes some time to get to the first full moon, so first we get a loving love story between Rich and his compassionate, big-breasted nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so merciful that she removes her clothes and starts riding richly on the bed before he can even remove his bandages! After a month in hospital, Rich returns home to Ishma's wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately tells him: "You look pretty ugly before you drive in Kia. Our very soon discover that Rita is not just a bitch, but a haughty shank that has had an affair with his supposed friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson) Finally, the full moon rises and Rich finds herself in a hair trouble as he turns into a (very stupid look) werewolf. . <br /> <br /> After ripping out Craig's neck on a beach, Rich wakes up in the brush the next morning with his clothes tattered and vague reminiscent of the evening's events, making friends with dwarf psychic / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is the hassle of both local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and lesbian-police-detective-in-a-pants dress Justine Evers (Tarri Markel) .When Rich confronts Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends his sadistic bald henchman Kass (Eric Mestressat) who gets a kick out of dismembering li go with a machete at the clinic after him. With the help of Sondra, Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him back to his place and basically rapes him on the couch during a long-lasting sex scene that lasts approx. five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycantropy or find a cure for it before claiming more victims? <br /> <br /> Shot on the cheap with a camcorder, this homemade werewolf flick has a somewhat unique premise with the eye transplant angle, but adorns the cliché after cliché otherwise. The sets are under-level - the clinic scenes appear to have been filmed in someone's home or apartment. The wolf transformation scenes do not even look as good as time lapse photography spent long back in the 1940s. Instead, they use ragged editing. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Cast a little more. Cut. More fur ... and fill the mouth full of white gunk he can spit out. Cut. You don't have to worry about continuity! There is no fading, no resolution, nothing. It's pretty sloppy. When completely transformed, werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and shot the movie) is pretty horrible. It has red, glowing Christmas eyes, a coat that looks like a shag rug and a plastic face that is almost completely motionless. There are several times you can see the camera man's fingers in front of the camera lens, and does the moon really get full five nights in a row? As for the casting, they are amateurish but tolerable. And as for B horror flicks, there is worse out there. This is the pace pretty good, is only 70 minutes long and gives lots of the red stuff during the attack scenes as well as the aforementioned T & A from Ms Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was produced by David S. Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), one of the first to drive the wave of digital video right when it first began to dominate the low-budget / independent horror genre scene back in the mid-late 90s. Many of his infamous horrific productions were published by Brain Damage Films, a label that is avoided as most of the time. For example, fellow Jeff Leroy (who is listed as co-director here at IMDb but not in the film's actual credits) and Vinnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) continued to make the much more fun and polished exploitation flick WEREWOLF IN A WOMEN'S PRISON in 2006, which had a similar appearance to the display (red glowing eyes and all).
