This adaptation, like 1949's * The Heiress *, is based on the Henry James short story. * Heiress *, starring Olivia de Havilland, remains a respected work, but less faithful to James 'original story than this new remake that preserves James' original title. It is the story of an unfortunate, yet loving daughter (Leigh), devoted to her father (Finney), after her mother dies during birth. The arrogant father keeps his daughter nothing at all, and considers her as well as all women simpleminded. Of course, when a young family (Chaplin) of good family and small fortune comes to pick, the father is suspicious, but feels so confident that his daughter could not interest anyone, is convinced that the young man is a wealthy hunter and forbid her to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress ?? most people either love her or hate her ?? And she always has a special edginess and tenseness to her style, like she works through grilled teeth. She's not bad at this and she handles her role proportionately It's just an awkward role for any actress who makes the audience want to grab the character of her shoulders and shake her until she gets to her senses. While the character gets a lot of sympathy, she is not very sympathetic. The very beautiful and extremely appealing Ben Chaplin (formerly seen in * The Truth About Cats and Dogs *) plays his part with the exact amount of mystery required to keep the audience guessing whether he is after her fortune or is really in love with her. Maggie Smith is one of the finest actresses alive and significantly raises the film's level with her portrayal of the well-meaning Aunt. Of course, Finney is wonderful, like the father, who threatens to avert her daughter for her disobedience, but the daughter is willing to risk that for the man she loves. But will her happy suitor still have her without her fortune? This is just one case where * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another example is the ability to hold onto it. It's a nice movie that is as boring as a dripping tap that offers too little history for too long in a movie.
