Edwin Porter's 1903 short film titled "The Great Train Robbery" bursts on the screen with so much excitement and ingenuity that you are preparing to be blown away by another groundbreaking early film. Like Melies' "A Trip to the Moon" critics have hailed this as the movie that introduced the Western genre to modern cinema. In my eyes they were right. It had everything from planning, the train's actual hoist, the murder of an unwanted civil and the threatening final scene that makes you realize that these villains mean business? it was all monumental for its time. From here to Eastwood, every western filmmaker has used Porter's image in some form to create their own story. One cannot say that this film did not open the door, but the struggle comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but outside its original excitement ?? There really is nothing to intervene. Maybe I'm spoiled by the clichés of modern western and their random messages, but how can something be cliché before they become cliché? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" seemed forced, unattainable and surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Robbers change the course of a train, rob it and then randomly shoot people just to prove that they are the true villains, and the final scene ends like any predetermined movie with no surprises or glitches, and the threatening man with a gun to your proverbial face. It's boring. Porter's movie is boring. In the edition I watched, there was an addition of color close to the end to emphasize emotions, which felt cheap and was not encouraging to the filmmaker or to the viewer. The question remains that while it is important, Porter's films have been borrowed over and over, it has actually been diluted. History does not carry the emotional power plant it once has. Unlike Melie's early films, I can't see this again. I know what happened, I know that there is very little behind the scenes and it is finally what it has proved to be ?? A simple story leading from point A to point B to point C. This problem is not only my grip on this movie, but also the strongest element to see in such an early film. While it was boring, the fact that it told such a strong story ?? that our characters were signs of motives and drives were excellent to see. At a time when non-fiction films seemed common, this form broke. Again, not that I jump on the prophetic bandwagon about this movie ?? it's an important movie ?? It's just not a good movie. Overall, I was eager to jump into this movie to see where the roots of the Western genre were planted, but I was just as happy to leave this movie behind. Porter is a talented director, and G.M. Of course, Anderson continued to be very successful in the field created, but I just wasn't in fear of the movie. I don't expect big budgetary effects like Melie's work, nor do I expect a copy of "A trip to the moon", but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt Porter sure if it could be said with such an early movie, but I couldn't feel the thrill when our villains did their evil deeds. I didn't turn anyone over, and the final conclusion showed that the kitschy of it had turned off minutes after the movie started. It was groundbreaking, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" has lost its place in the movie's time capsule. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** out of *****
