SPOILERS (NEVER NOT RECOVERED IN THE FIRST TWO MINUTES OF THE MOVIE) <br /> <br /> Robin Williams is actually pretty good at this as the friendly, lonely, emotionally disturbed loser Sy. He makes a very human, even sympathetic, psycho, and really disappears into the character - no small experience for such a recognizable performer. <br /> <br /> Too bad the rest of the movie is such a waste. The supporting performances (and performers) would not look out of place in a softcore pornography (it does not help that all characters, but Sew are made of 100% cardboard). At times, the director seems to try to frustrate excitement: we know from the very first moments a) that she is a complete whack job, b) he survives, and c) he gets nabbed by the police at the end. So all we are left to consider is hows and whys, and the answers given are not that interesting. The plot is plodding and contrived, and contains some inconsistent moments (for example, the man berates his wife for her expensive taste, though she seems to spend all her spare time at the local discount store). About two-thirds of the way through, Sewing is so incredibly stupid that it makes you wonder how much he actually cares about his big revenge scheme. And the final cliché explanation of his psychosis, straight out of `Peeping Tom ', is a horrible copout. The dialogue is of the worst kind. It is not overwritten or awkward or unbelievable or bad in any other way that could be considered fun, even for bad movie lovers. Instead, each line is clean, ugly functionalist - it's as if the director handed a plot view to a newspaper writer and said, "Hi, I need a useful script on this - in an hour." It made me scream, honestly. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to be a feedback to the predecessor thrilling in the 1980s and 90s ("The Hand that Rocks the Cradle" and while it's certainly uncomfortable, it's never really Sys fetishism makes you feel uncomfortable, but it's not enough to make the movie work, and finally, the lack of craftsmanship from everyone involved, except Robin Williams, drops 3 out of 10
