Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for reviews. From the beginning with the termination of the Samurai Jack, the network seemed to remove all the shows that made it so popular, such as Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When ratings started to move, CN began to put some pretty mediocre shows. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder stand out because of their clever writing and audience-happy gimmicks, there are plenty of other shows that either horrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or rip offs of other shows like The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, where the title character works like Spongebob, and then there is Johnny Test, which is part of a replacement for Dexter's laboratory, although it is much more a pure rip off than anything. <br /> <br /> The sign of the show is clearly derived from Dexter's Lab, only this time is the focus on Johnny, a blond (or burning) character who plagues his twin sister Susan and Mary, who just HAPPEN to look like Dexter, from the orange hair to the glasses, the impossible technology. There is even a rival genius called Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be in for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and talking dog, one of Dexter's ... I mean, Susan and Mary's early experiments. Dexters Laboratory was probably one of the best cartoons on television with its simple yet effective art style, lovable protagonist, and episodes that didn't seem to be a long move. Johnny Test is very different. The art style here is not nearly as worthy of attention. In fact, it seems to be terrible. The characters have motifs that make them really annoying or repulsive. Like how most of the series episodes consist of Johnny and Dookie's quest for chaos in the neighborhood girl Sissy, who Johnny secretly likes, or the twin occupation of a boy next door. When these two geniuses swim in the eyes of the abs and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you never want to connect with, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> One thing the series heavily exploits in its name is that Johnny is Susan and Maria's guinea pig for their experiments. These range from turning Johnny fat, ugly, monstrous and even to a woman. The twins then help Johnny with the scheme he plans in return for his services. When there is an episode involving this kind of "win / win" agreement, it will usually be undone and those who do not get out of the rails will never end satisfactorily. The script ranges from mediocre to horrid, however. The "cool" episode repeats constantly "It's Phat with a PH. There's a difference you know." which is a line that should never be repeated, especially when the episode seems to promote childhood obesity, where Johnny becomes a famous star with money and video games becoming fat. Let's talk about how the show does not. The show runs in many characters from two men in black named Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all his troubles resolved through Johnny and his sisters and many super villains, although here the show again steals ideas for other sources, such as a Mr. Freeze teen clone, an evil cat with a butler who wants cats to rule man (like the evil talking cat from the Powerpuff Girls), a bumbling maniac mastermind, a trio of evil skater 'dudes' and even a mole man, Which is probably the most cliché villain in the media. <br /> <br /> To top it off, along with its ugly animation and odd characters, the voice action is either passable (like the voices of Mr. Black and Mr. White) to just plain ear division (Johnny, Dookie, and almost every villain in the show). The theme song seems to be the only catchy thing for this show, but then it was redone just a few episodes with a band that just destroyed it. <br /> <br /> Finally, Johnny Test is not a good cartoon. Its horrible references and jokes about teen culture will detract from the interest of the youngsters in the show, while its bright coloring, ripped characters and drag episodes will ruin the experience for teenagers. It's just another of these crappy shows that Cartoon Network is over-promoting to trick people into seeing it (like MTV against rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your kids for half an hour, you'd rather stick to Spongebob because Johnny Test is more of a "test" of patience than anything else.
