As you can guess by my review and my title of this review, I don't like Johnny Test. Now I think I know what people are saying, "How do you know how bad it is? Have you ever seen it?" I saw this show a couple of times because I'm studying movies and animation, and it just doesn't keep a light on my standards. <br /> <br /> First, I want to talk about the animation because it's one of the most confusing things I've ever seen. Like the first two seasons or only the first season had hand-drawn animation. I thought it was a good show to watch as it was hand-drawn, but then switched to flash animation and the quality went down with a large number. <br /> <br /> So it's a strike in my eyes but lets look at the story of the show. It is trying too hard to be like Dexter's laboratory, but there are differences because instead of a red researcher there are two and they are both women. There is a talking dog (why?), And the parents' attitudes are changing. I have others, but I don't think I can write them here (I don't mean curse, but I don't mean I don't know if there is a word limit.). Everything else is spot on, even a DeeDee character Johnny himself. It's just so hard to be Dexter, but it just seems like a heartless knockoff. Finally, I want to talk about the jokes. Remember in Dexters lab that some of the jokes involved are shouting? Yes, yelling may be good for a joke or two, but Dexter's lab also had blunt remarks that made me go back and check to get the joke. Johnny Test forgets all that and screams only 50% of the time and stops the music when a stupid joke or a liner appears. It's not comedy, it's stupid comedy (I know what some people think. Are not three stooges stupid comedies? Look it and Johnny Test back to back and you laugh more at the first option.). Sometimes the jokes are based on bizarre situations that, like Chowder, make me angry. I have a rule for cartoons and comedies all of it: Too much bizarre does not correspond to comedy, it makes you think "what am I watching?". <br /> <br /> So it knocks on all accounts. Don't look at this show if you have any respect for comedies in any form or form.
