There is no need to take this documentary seriously, and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbs or Serbian origins, therefore the criterion of neutrality fails. For example, they mentioned that the diaspora Croats (the so-called "Ustase") played a major role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there were even Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For those who are not familiar with the Balkan WW2 story: The Serbian so-called "Cetniks", portrayed in the documentary as being so kind that they helped British paratroop during the war. Well, that's only half the truth. They were also a fascist (Monarch) group who collaborated with the Germans, but then switched sides when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that they do not mention the Cetnik leader Mihajlovic in the documentary, a man responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned a certain Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Allow me to be just a little suspicious. 2) Most of the interviewees are completely unknown to me. And I've been studying this war for a long time (who's the old British lady !!! She hasn't really done her homework!) And they're not even presented by name so they could be more or less someone, maybe someone took them from the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) The documentaries talk about Kosovo and how Serbs have lived there for many years, and therefore they should belong to Serbia (even if they are minorities). Well, when they mention the Serbian dominated part of Croatia (Krajina) suddenly the Serbs are portrayed as having the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Well, but what people don't know is that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has great historical significance for the Croatian people. It was where one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned, and therefore the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years or so later! But no, the Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Is it fair? For me, it looks like dual moral standards from the director. In addition, the documentary states that the Croatian Constitution had no laws on minority rights, it is a lie because it was one of the first laws implemented because Croatia had a large Serbian minority. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical Croatian paramilitary leader called Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a great reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radical, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not also mention the Serbian radical paramilitary leaders like Seselj and Arkan? The shortcomings are so many that I just presented a few of them just to get an overview of the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not mind criticizing the Serbs because they were afraid that their Serbian relatives would let go of them or something. There aren't that many documentaries out there that are of good quality, but the best so far is "Yugoslavia's death", where all the important participants in the war are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic, etc.). .) and where you get a full 5 hour explanation about the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a comment on this documentary where the person was frustrated with why the United States supported a country (Bosnia) that had relations with Bin Laden during the war. First of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents, and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (formerly called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on something other than nationality to raise The Spirit among the people, and it was by connecting them with the only thing they had in common: your religion. And they took help from Mujahedin because no one else would support them. They had to fight against the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite a people during the war. History has shown us that.
