This is easily the worst Presley vehicle ever, which would bring us pretty close to the worst movie ever made. It is measurably worse than even the outrageous "Happy Ending" song at the end of "It happened at the World Fair", and here I thought the moment when Elvis buys all the seller's balloons for her girl, and then the balloon supplier Jiggy gets to the march was the epitome of poor cinema and could not be topped. I usually enjoy the random Elvis flick if it is not for any other reason, but reminds one of a time when we were innocent enough to sit through it. However, this one is called "Live a Little, Wish You Were Dead A Little" and makes "Stay Away Joe" as Olivier plays Othello. <br /> <br /> Here plays Elvis Greg, who is essentially a hippie free-lance photographer except for the establishment haircut. After a fun morning with ruthless driving, he ends up on the beach where he is abducted by a woman whose name changes depending on the scene and who speaks to her. It was clear that Michele Carey was chosen for her likeness and ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if I saw this without my glasses, I would have thought it was the late 1960s, Liz who played it female manager). She acidifies her dog on Elvis until he runs into the water and catches practical film pneumonia, so she keeps him doped up by the consciousness of her beach pillow as long as he loses his job and his apartment so she moves her things into her house before he wakes up without telling himself (the audience doesn't know it until Elvis tries to go back to work and his boss has fired him for no reason, unless he deserved it to make this movie and trying to go home and find some hateful woman in a tie living in his house). <br /> <br /> Instead of having her arrested for kidnapping, larceny and attacks, he goes out and gets two jobs to repay the rental amount. Miss Crazy Pants had to jump when you steal all his belongings. Job one works for Don Porter on a Playboy type magazine, two jobs upstairs work for Rudy Vallee in a sneaky fashion magazine. I think two-job shuffling should be comedy, because bad is not least fun unless you want to laugh the 100th time you saw someone running up and down the stairs in quick motion to stupid music. The predominantly obstacle that prevents Greg from falling for his abductor is her second love, the terrible misconception Dick Sargent (let's see, either Porter or Vallee, even in their advanced ages in 1968, would have made far more credible competitors for Miss Crazy's feelings). <br /> <br /> There are a number of uninteresting and unfunny terms I was waiting for something to happen that would make all of this sensible. It never did. Entertainment is approx. three minutes and consists of Elvis' rendering of "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on CD without this painful movie inflicted on me) and a fun five seconds when Elvis whistles on the couch and Crazy Pants have apparently disassembled it, so It flies everything in pieces when it lands on it. That's what people, busted furniture, the only laugh in this movie. No number of fashionable sixties clothes, music or decor can save this high-sky stink and it should be avoided at all costs. Seeing this can create an unnatural desire in the audience against the self-impact of serious bodily harm.
