When I was seventeen, I really thought Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and not only did I want to see all 31 of his "character" movies, but it was also my ambition to own them. What an exceptionally bad excuse for a seventeen year old I must have been. Luckily, sensation prevailed and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. The spotlight has fallen on this one recently since a remixed version of the top song A Little Less Conversation has been released as a single. (His first to reach Britain's top ten for 22 years? His first British No. 1 in 25). Even when I was seventeen and in serious need of psychiatric help, I realized that the songs for this movie were not exactly the first rate. A small minor conversation - rollnecks and the 60s grooving side - is a real standout. Finding a lesser-known song that only a relatively small couple are aware of being promoted to the mainstream produces a mixture of emotions. It's great to finally see faith in a song that's justified, but it's also sad to see the dissolution of your own private cult. (And what chauvinist lyrics as well. Although the other Elvis song contains the word "procrastinate"?) <br /> <br /> But what really worries me about this movie is not a small minor conversation, but the 84 minutes that surround it it. In fact, based on a novel (Kiss My Firm But Pliant Lips - what kind of lame novel would it be?) This looks a bored Elvis into a "comedy" dog and a nymhofe. Within 90 seconds of meeting him, Michele Carey asks "Will you love me?" I'm sure you agree. I seem to remember that some of Elvis's early films - especially Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not so bad, but they are just identical hillbilly cobblers. Being fired from a newspaper job can lead to a five-minute karate fight with a few peanuts, causing a highway pile up is good for a laugh, and models dress like pink mermaids. There is even a dream sequence for God's sake. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype is that it is not consistent with not having so many songs. With only four to choose from, including the credit number, on average you wait 22 minutes between tracks. Some movies would be vapid by having too many tunes, but here they could have helped stun the pain. Of the remaining three tracks, the Edge of Reality is really not that bad, although Elvis's dance to it must surely have been called "The Bear Trap". In a way, for a PG certificate film from 1968, this is shockingly high on sexual content. Unfortunately, however, with talking dogs, Central America sitcom values ​​and the stiffest dance you will ever see, Elvis's dignity is wiped out by this movie.
