There is no denial of the first Azumi film was a commercial product; It was an adaptation of a popular manga and had been thrown by young, attractive actors and was certainly not lacking in the budget department. But it was more than entertained for what it was and I can't deny it, I enjoyed it immensely. <br /> <br /> "Azumi 2" only lacks everything that made the original so wonderful. The first thing to put alarm bells ringing is the absence of the excellent Ryuhei Kitamura at the helm. With him he seemed not only to take his own visual flair and kinetics, but original style, beauty and most importantly, his heart. While the former had a simple "hitlist" sign, this has a cork puller root of a story, with too many boring characters stabbing each other back so many times the potential for any sympathy or pathos has wiped out. Gone is the effective interaction between the protagonists; Azumi and her cohorts are often reduced to a bunch of stroppy teenagers waging a forest. Characterization is non-existent; If anyone actually looks at who lives and dies, I am shocked. The same goes for villains here. The final battle - in fact, all the fighting - is completely devoid of any kind of excitement. The fact that they are poorly choreographed and abysmal - not to mention few and far between - becomes a sideline of their own pure meaningless. The bad guys themselves are trying too hard to be campy, and although they were all combined, they didn't come within a country miles of Jo Odagiri's Pete Burnsian antics in the original. <br /> <br /> #### Major Spoiler at the end of section! Aya Ueto tries her best, it has to be said, and she also managed to keep her hair in good condition between the films. Azumi is now a full-blown assassin, which means she can bend her sword around in slow motion; Unfortunately now the character is set with a kind of man with no name style mystery, the Ueto model seems to be even more inappropriate. I know this should be the point, but this, combined with the inefficiency of everyone else in the movie, the plot's stupidity and the general uncertainty of the movie generally means that it is even impossible to get behind her character this time around. The less said about Chiaki "Remember me from Kill Bill" Kuriyama's performance the better; Suffice it to say that her "swing" from good to evil is just as strange as napalm. <br /> <br /> Overall, it was just a huge disappointment. Any benefits are that ten times better in the first movie. A lazy, unsatisfactory - and generally straightforward - mess.
