I thought the movie (especially the plot) needs a lot of work. The film's elements remain westernized and untrue to attempting to produce an eastern feeling in the film. I will give three out of many of the mistakes in the movie: <br /> Only when Shen told Wendy that he would help her study China's history, I was really happy that the audience would receive some Chinese Information history; but it turns out that the movie did not show that Wendy actually studied Chinese history; but instead, the movie shows only Wendy, who practices the method of remembering what she had studied, which frustrated and horrified me. <br /> <br /> The other one who really bothered me is how the characters were mentioned about mooncakes - Moon cakes this and mooncakes it and how good it tastes. Yet they do not really mention the real meaning of it. The only thing they talked about was of any significance to the moon cake, was the harvest festival, which they did not explain or went into depth. They could have mentioned the myth that correlates with the moon cake - Moon Lady. The myth begins with how ten suns once existed, and each would rotate, but one day all ten suns rose and dried the earth with the rising intense heat; then the Divine Archer, Hou Yi shot nine of the ten suns and left only one sun (there are different versions where Hou Yi shot the eight out of nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given an immortal pill so that he could live forever if the ten suns rise again, but his wife, Chang-O, stole it. After stealing it, she fled to the moon where she met a hare. She then came across an idea and told the hare to pound the pill into many pieces so she could spread the pill over the ground and give everyone immortality. (There are a few variations of this story, but throughout my childhood I have mostly heard of this version). I thought that details like this would make the plot more culturally Chinese oriented. <br /> <br /> The last thing I want to point out is the movie's last battle scene. The teachers possessing the monks fought against the Terracotta Warriors (the soldiers' life-like statues) opposed the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to the Chinese. Terracotta Warrors serves as a connection to China's past, and it was very westernized (how badly to kill at least) that the monks in the movies were willing to destroy the connection. It would be understandable if, in view of her Chinese-American and not full Chinese knowledge, Wendy had no problem destroying these priceless artifacts. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was westernized because it seemed that all the monks and Shen would do is fight ... I believe it is rated TVPG because of violence that goes against Confucius thinking of cooperation and harmony . It seems more accurate that the monks are trying to avoid violence and trying to work out peacefully before resorting to violence. All in all, all or one of the manufacturer, author or director did not do their research thoroughly and did a messy and effortless job instead. I would suggest that they either stop moving this movie or resume the movie so that it contains more accurate information; However, I would give it credit (2 stars) to remove a stereotype of Asians and Asian Americans being clever and calm.
