I realize it was brutal to live in the western plains of Wyoming in the 1900s, it's actually still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "made for TV" movie? Also, women's rights were still emerging in this nation during this time, so to find an independent woman who is determined to start fresh in this harsh territory and still show the realism of the era? would it do for good viewing? Honestly, I don't know. I've been thinking about this movie for the last two days, and I still can't seem to say it was a horrible movie, but I can tell you that it wasn't the biggest one I've ever seen. From several hodgepodge styles to appear, to two mismatched actors who are not emotional, to some of the most gruesome PG-rated scenes that ever come out of the late 70s cinema, it's hard to get one good understanding of Heartland. Was it good? Was it bad? It may be for you to see and decide yourself, but until then, moments I enjoyed and desperately hated! <br /> <br /> This movie continues to be a battle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I was not sure what the director did or what direction he was going, but somehow seemed to work as a whole. I thought the story as a whole was a very interesting historical story. I don't know much about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this movie caught this picture in my mind. The idea of ​​very cold winters, no neighbors for miles on miles, and this Polaroid-esquire view untouched by corporate America. It was refreshing to witness and clean, great to experience (though the television). There were scenes that really stood out in my mind, such as the cattle-branding scene, the pig slaughter scene and the sad homesteader who didn't survive their journey that just brought a true sense of realism to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a good job of bringing the view to Wyoming to the viewers, but I'm not sure he brought decent players to accompany the view. <br /> <br /> Whilst I will constantly compliment the scene of this movie, I had trouble coping with the actors who apparently went on the set and read their lines from the map on the page. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a lonely one who somehow finds a connection with Conchata Ferrell's Elinore Randall. The two actors have no chemistry at all. Their scenes, which they share, are meaningless and honestly void of any feeling. The pregnancy scene almost made me sting because of the way these two "veteran" actors portrayed it. The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the baby out of her, while Clyde gives an approval nod when she is done. This is love? Should it be love? I don't know, I think with stronger signs, we would have seen a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell, it felt like two players just playing their parts. Other scenes that just seemed to struggle in my mind were those who "hit" the frozen horse at the door for food or shelter, the constant fading and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (I just didn't believe it) the lack of true winter combat and the whole land scene. The land scene especially because I needed more explanation on what Elinore did, why she did it and why Clyde would build her a house if they were married! It was these simple events that, if it were time to explore, would have made for a stronger movie. Overall, I will go in the middle of this feature. There were absolutely elements that should have been explored deeper, as the relationship between these two strangers and Elinore's ultimate homesteading goal, but they were faced with some beautiful scenes in our nation. These panoramic views have changed over 100 years from huge mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some brilliant scenes of realism (starring cattle and pigs), I just felt as though we needed more. Depth was a key element missing in this movie, which was overshadowed by marginal and diminished history. Pearce could have thieves deeper into this untapped world, but instead left open loopholes and cliché Western signs. Ferrell carried himself, but Torn was completely displeased. Decent for viewing but won't be picked up again by me. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** out of *****
