Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth did not need a remake. It is a well-made film that stands up well to this day. But since the modern remake machine is currently in full swing; I really can't say I'm surprised to see the movie updated to the modern audience. The plot remains identical to the original movie, and we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes out to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, to discuss a divorce when the young man has an affair with older man's wife . From there comes a game of cat and mouse. It is clear from the outset that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add another touch to this movie, and he does so using the central location that has been changed from the charming playful country house of the original to a technical wonder with layers of safety equipment. I am glad that the director chose to make this change as no one wants to see a remake that directly copies the original; Plus there is the fact that the location is well used and always nice to look at. Unfortunately, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> The original movie was over two hours long, while this remake is only a shadow for more than 80 minutes. Of course, this therefore means that this version has less about it; And unfortunately, it is the signs that suffer. The reason is also premature, and we are initially in the narrative far too fast and before we get the chance to actually understand why and how these events can take place. The movie does not build the characters, or the report between them, enough to make sure their relationship makes sense. One big thing that has changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games, which proved to be very important when the turns came into play. Here he has a kind of security fetus that doesn't matter at the end. Kenneth Branagh's handling of the movie allows for a classic score, but the class ends there. The original flourished on it, but this film is happy only to the ground even with explosives on numerous and most unjustified occasions; which cheaper it all. The final twist in the story is quite different from how it was in the original and ensures that the movie boils down to a really hefty conclusion. After spending two hours with the original I understood, respected and liked both characters presented in the movie - after 80 minutes of this I had all of them both. I have some respect for Branagh for not only spreading a carbon copy of the original film; But it's not a good fit for the great Anthony Shaffer game.
