I'm not sure if the filmmakers were after a Saw-type movie or 12 Angry Men (people blend facts to get to the truth). Whatever it was, it was poorly done and not worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I'm not watching movies for blood and doing, but because this movie had little else, it would have shown the actual killing more. Most were off-camera, which minimized the horror that we should feel about the deaths. It also bugged me that the policeman was among the victims; he unknowingly contributed to the innocent young man in prison by accepting plant documents (given to him by MJH) in the evidence room. (And wouldn't MJH have a prosecutor, had access to the evidence - take it out and put the wrong evidence back - anyway, then she wouldn't have needed the cop's help?). The others, while they often did not understand, were this person they were harmful, still played major roles in his ultimate death. The gun dealer should have known that his weapon would be used for evil purposes. The policyholder rejected a person obviously in need etc. But the police's crime seemed less in comparison, as he did not know exactly what he was doing. The film authorities could have taken it a step further and made him be the one who called MJH to plant evidence, which would have made him more guilty. And MJH's cry that he (the police) got her in that mess has no sense at all. <br /> <br /> It would have been more exciting if each person died in a way that offered the others a clue why he / she was there and deserved to die. For example, the assured could have got the applications he rejected, hit the throat, so he choked on them; The oriental woman could have got her eyes carved out because she was a false witness, etc. Yes, more violently, the gun died, but more interesting. The dialogue was not witty, there were no twists, and the end was one of the worse (if not the worst) I have ever seen. Ending along knocked three stars out of my rating. The actors did a decent job, especially considering the trash and motivation they had to work with. All in all, a waste of time.
