It has been close to ten years since I have seen one of the last two successors to "Phantasm" - certainly because of my still alive memories of them, they are not very good. Being recognized for this day, I am still a big fan of the first two installments, so I thought I would go back and relive the 'last chapters'. Part three is definitely the worst of the series as it obviously takes less seriously and throws in a lot of confusing things that don't make much sense ... Again kicking off where the previous movie left us, Reggie Mike saves from the tall man who promises to come back to him later, but things are not too long-lasting when they come across jody who is inexplicably able to take the form of a ball. Apparently his soul is imprisoned by the tall man, so Mike is then drawn into the monstrous dual-Netherworld, and Reg must find him ... Along the way he meets a ten-year-old child and a nonchuck There is really nothing memorable about "Phantasm III ", except for how stupid and powerful" humorous "it is trying to be. Only a positive aspect that didn't even help the movie, and it was a return by A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, representing their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they basically make cameo appearances ... of course, Reggie Banister is back in his lead, but his bumbling, love-like attitude makes his presence too annoying to suffer. Angus Scrimm also didn't seem to be "to" his role. He speaks too much here and is not as near as threatening and spooky as opposed to "quirkiness", which the film seemed to care for. Most people's perception of this flick seems rather inappropriate and tends to think "it is still entertaining". Maybe I'm just too much of a nit picker, but I just couldn't get into this one. I remember not like it when I was a kid and after seeing it again - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli rocked the scene with his original low-budget, nightmare legendary movie "Phantasm", which I still rank as my top favorite horror flick and his respectable successor kept things moving and dark surreal and GORY, but "The Dead of the Dead" (stupid title) just as rushed and joined me ... The inclusion of the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrappy Doo !!), was a strong indication that Coscarelli lacked ideas and then far where he could ride the franchise ... So it's a "Phantasm" movie with very little gore, nudity and four-barrel shot guns. Should I say more?
