* Contains some spoilers * This movie is cheesy 80s horror in all its horror. The ground takes too long to get out of the ground, never sticks to itself, and then it just collides about 40 minutes in the movie. There are a few gem moments for zombie fans, but not so much zombies to create a true sense of terror. The zombies also take a long time to make their appearance. First, there is a whole half of a film about mobs and prison bands. The film's hero is a veterinarian from Vietnam who gets caught in the mob. The headmaster puts him up and he goes to jail. In this prison, they experiment on the prisoners to find a way to cure them against violent tendencies and criminal behavior. But the badie psychotic chief researcher / military guy has other plans in mind. He will use a slightly different version of the serum to do .... then then .... super soldiers! After some infected prisoners kill a few guards, and most of the prison has a round infected communion wine, the military / insane scientist guy "Hi, it can be a problem" and calls genius scientist transformed investigative journalist hot baby ultra-Powered independent woman character which of course invented the original serum. She goes to jail to see what goes down, the military guy calls in a few SWAT teams from his safe position outside the prison, and the hero guy takes responsibility for the few prisoners with a heart of gold when a rebellion breaks. out. The hero's lighthouse and scientist / journalist's lady go together to find a cure, rescue the children's children and handle some irate prisoners, both infected and not. Meanwhile, the mob boss has fired an agreement to enter the prison so he can save his imprisoned brother. The military is getting ready to blow up the site and everyone is encrypting to find their way. <br /> <br /> There are many spawn scenes where people are killed by being pushed or pulled through prison bars. There is also a scary decapitation scene and the electrocution scene involves the same infected rasta capture. Still, the most disturbing scene in the early part of the movie is when a coarse corrupt guard raps a prisoner. <br /> <br /> The main point of this movie is a scene towards the end. Altogether, woman and children try to make their way to the only escape route. Their path leads them to a long corridor, on one side there is a wall and on the other is prison bars. Hundreds of bloody zombie hands come through and dig their hair and faces as they pass. There are also a few good scenes of the classic "couple of zombies munching on fresh dead bodies" and "many zombies ripping a guy into shreds" bits. All in all worth seeing if you are investigating the zombie genre as it has so many zombie clichés worth noting; It is practically an instruction manual about what not to do when making a zombie film. But if you're new to zombie flicks and want a real scare, look elsewhere.
