Wow, the plot of this movie is everywhere! There is so much plot and so many things happening that it almost made my head spin !! And as a result none of it seemed particularly credible. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Kay Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She has had a lot of experience with local theater and has ambitions to come to Broadway. When a big-time actor arrives in town, she pursues him in the hope that he can give her a career boost. But her husband is worried about shenanigans - as this actor is a cad. Then hubby burns them and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he is convicted of First Degree Murder !!! Not Manslag, but Murder 1! Now, pregnant and in need of funds, Kay goes to New York. But Broadway jobs cannot be found, so she is forced to do some work - even burlesque. Unable to adequately care for her young daughter, she gives it to another woman to travel. But in the end she finds a job in a real Broadway game, and everything looks rosy. But the jealous diva staring in the play hates her for an inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown out of the game. Despondent, she makes her way to England and becomes a real star. Years later she returns to New York to have her baby - but the child is older and thinks the woman who cares for her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer believes that if he gets $ 10,000, he can get the man out of prison. As another reviewer wrote, is this bribing people? How can $ 10,000 get him out otherwise - maybe he'll buy a helicopter so they can fly into the prison yard and scoop him up !! Wow - it's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens at a 45 minute mark !!! Believe it or not, there's a bit more to it. If you are really interested, take it yourself to find out how it all unfolds. <br /> <br /> It's like 'kitchen sink writing' - throws in just about everything and hopes in some way, it'll all work. Unfortunately, the movie shows to be hopelessly incredible and mushy despite Mrs Francis' best efforts. It's that kind of movie, no one could really have saved thanks to a 2-rate plot. It's almost like someone just took a couple of dozen plate elements, threw them into a box and then randomly started picking them to make a movie !! All in all, unless you are a die-hard Kay Francis fan or love something Hollywood made in the 1930s, this is one you can easily skip. Not terrible, but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child playing Francis's daughter on her return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think she should be ... I think.
