When a man who does not have Alzheimer's does not remember how many films he has made, he is probably the world's most productive instructor. That man is Jesus Franco, the king of the so-called eurotrash. His 1980-wing Devil Hunter is as hasty, opaque, stupid, lazy and exploding in the true sense of the word (the movie's title is misleading to begin with) like any other French movie I've seen. That makes it sound pretty awful, and that's ... But Franco has some kind of opaque sensibility, a generous way of bald scandal, with nudity and sleaze and violence, and even with his stupid cheap editing that tries to Pave the extreme speed with which all his films were made. The blend of all these elements makes you ride her movies out, even though you are mostly waiting for them because they are so boring. Devil Hunter is almost incomprehensible for the first half an hour. The kidnapping of strangers by a white woman who seems to be a model or movie star is involved with a bunch of native acts in South America. There are lots of naked writhing, dancing and endless repeating zoom-ins on a nasty totem pole. You have to get used to the repeated zoom-ins and the technique of cutting back to the same shot three times in a row immediately, as these are Franco's main ways of extending a movie to length. <br /> <The monster, similar to the totem pole, is actually a bit scary. He has raw bug eyes and his presence is always signaled on the soundtrack by cacophonous groaning, apparently recorded in an echo chamber. Early in the play, he chews on a native lady attached to a tree, and it's hard to know what's really happening here, but I think he ate his stomach (or her genitals, sweet Jesus!). <br /> <br /> Anyway, the adventure begins properly when a studly guy and his freaked out Vietnam veteran pal are sent to the island to restore the white girl from the kidnappers. The flakey guy has an accent, which, as called, is half Brooklyn-American, half English-Liverpudlian and all retarded. All dialogue and duplication are ridiculous and ridiculous, making another layer of the movie that somehow holds your interest. <br /> <br /> Not too much is happening from here, and it is quite slow with the odd bit of indignation as a rape. The nebulous action is fleshed out (haha!) With acres 360 degrees nudity from the natives and the two female leads, and even from the monster itself. The fact that he walks around with his penis exposed causes him to ruin an inappropriate perspective for the fiery hellhole, but it must be done at some point and it is great to note that the director will show one's genitals on camera. <br /> <br /> The best feature of Devil Hunter is the location of the movie. Franco can be extremely cheap with structural and historical aspects of film making, but he doesn't turn around with sets. You get real islands, jungles, helicopters and mountains, all in widescreen. This is something that is really cool to experience these days with crappy CGI sets and background art ad nauseam. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, issues of recommendation seem to be where this movie is about. If you try to watch all Video Nasties, you will have to watch this at some point and you will be done as restless as I was. If you like Franco, you see anyway. If you do not enter any of the above categories, the odds are that you will never cross this movie. Copies of it just don't look like, and I could hardly recommend finding out. It's Franco. Lazy, crazy Franco.
