When a movie doesn't have fewer than five different titles, it usually means more things and almost always means the movie has big flaws somewhere. Necromancy has big faults and is just out and about bad. I saw the version on video called Rosemary's Disciples. Yes, I am sure it differs from other versions, but I am not inclined to believe that in any way there is any other version and the few minutes it can have - really get better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the movie opens with Laurie waking up, and her husband takes her to a city where he has a new job at a toy factory for occultists (yes it gets bad here early!). The city is called Lillith and has a guy with a rifle on the bridge to ensure that only those who are chosen by the "owner" of the city are allowed. Soon we find that everyone who lives in Lillith is a witch and everyone follows the directives on Mr. Cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants his dead son back (hence the name Necromancy). People in the city do witch kinds of things - have ceremonies, some like to have a goat's head, and promiscuity abounds (not very well shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is played robustly by the pictorial and literally larger than life filmmaker Orson Welles. Welles is abused but doesn't make a mistake, he's the best thing in this movie. And that's really the nastiest part of Necromancy, as Welles gives a rather poor and pedestrian performance with some direct guidance. In a scene at a party, director Bert I Gordon returns to Welles and sees the party's action using exactly the same frames! It looked ridiculous. Like the scene that was repeatedly seen by a woman's arm centered in swirling flames after a car accident. It looked like arm in a store mannequin. The story is never fully used as we never really know what happens: many scenes are shot like dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. This also applies to corny, hokey durability. The management Pamela Franklin is pert and beautiful and has some talent. Apart from her performance, real slim picks from the rest of the cast sans Welles. The direction and history were both made by Gordon, who of course had little gas left in the engine. This is not a good movie in any way under any name.
