2 stars for Kay Francis - she is amazing! And she did not deserve this terrible tripe, like Warner Bros. threw his way! <br /> <br /> The two-sided premise that this movie is based on is ridiculous and incredible at the end. Kay is a small town wife and mother who longs for something bigger: she wants to be an actress. When a big-shot actor comes to town and invites Kay to his hotel to talk about opportunities, Kay tells her husband goes to the cinema. Her husband's biddy of a mother makes a mistake in her house's ear that Kay is not truthful and he is looking for her. He finds her w / the actor in the hotel (they only speak!) And he swallows the guy who falls over a railing, lands face first in a pond (lake?) And dies. Now here are the two incredible rooms on which the rest of the film is based: 1) The judge tells the jury that if it is established that the man died * before *, the head went into the water, which they must find her husband owed to first degree murder. (Whaaaaa ?????? I think you are slamming a guy in rage, would count on murder or murder 2 at most, not the first time murder. Give me a break! But the plot required him to be found guilty of murder 1 so he could be sent to prison for life. Anything.) 2) Her husband's lawyer, after conviction and judgment, says Kay, that is all her fault. His reasoning is that if she hadn't gone over to the actor's room, her husband would not have had to go after her and slay the guy and kill him. He tells her she is the culprit, not her husband, and she nods and accepts. What. The. Hell?!?!?! The rest of the movie is about Kay trying to gain fame and money to get her husband free from prison and right the wrong she did by getting him to kill the acting chamber in the first place. <br /> <br /> I can't even go ahead with this review. The movie was just too painful. Four years earlier, in the pre-code day, you would never have caught Kay playing such a glimpse! In true Kay Francis fashion, however, she did best to make us believe that this woman was a credible character. I give her a lot of credit for trying to breathe some life and credibility into this ruthless role. This character was far from pre-code Kay roles and really spitfire Kay Francis. <br /> <br /> You must be aware of this! There are much better Kay Francis vehicles out there! (From personal experience I highly recommend Mary Stevens, MD and Jewel Robbery, also good is Dr. Monica and One Way Passage. I'm sure there are other good Kay flicks, but I only mention those I ' have seen and can recommend.)
