For starters and for the post, the term "Necromancy" describes the black magic art that brings the dead to life and in no way relates to having sex with cadavers. It's called necrophilia, and yes I know that too, it's an obvious difference, but I already get many comments from acquaintances and relatives that I practice a perverted taste in movies! This film is quite the opposite of perverted or lax, in fact, and only qualifies as boring, unfortunate and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one top five ranking, namely on the list of most incoherent movies ever made! Now director Bert I. Gordon is not exactly famous for delivering masterpieces (on his repertoire there are titles such as "Earth vs Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "God of the Gods"), but he really surpassed here with a completely pointless superfluous and completely indecent story of witchcraft and secret small towns. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their baby being born dead, Lori and her husband Frank moved to the quiet little town of Lillith, where Frank was suddenly offered a prominent job in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels a disease atmosphere, especially with the city's patriarch and "owner", Mr. Cato behaves very intrusively and mysteriously. It's another thing. How can anyone "own" a city and everyone in it? Whatever Lori discovers, everyone in Lillith is a witch, and Mr. Cato solely lures her to the city because of her supernatural ability to revive the dead. For many years, Cato has been trying to bring his late son back to life, and he is willing to make any human sacrifice it requires. I honestly don't see the point on the whole movie. It's a blatant rip-off of "Rosemary's Baby" ?? One of the alternative titles is even "Rosemary's Disciples" ?? but the manuscript is muddled and imbecilic over belief. Why has no one allowed to have children as long as Kato's son remains dead? It's just really selfish! When and how did Lori suddenly learn to revive the dead? "Necromancy" certainly contains some really creepy and atmospheric moments, but these have been involuntarily achieved either by complete coincidence or by a total budgetary deficiency. The grainy photograph gives the film an eerie mood, and the set pieces look cheap enough to be scary. Orson Welles' performance ?? undoubtedly low point in his career ?? is pitiable and it is still the best aspect of the whole movie.
