The only former Gordon movie I had seen was the kiddie adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed this shortly with EMPIRE OF ANTS (1977); however, he seems best to remember his scifi work in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Whatever I did on this in a DVD rental store: Had I not noticed Orson Welle's unmistakable figure on my sleeve, I wouldn't have bothered myself - since I know the movie under its original title, NECROMANCY! I had seen a quiet from it on a father's old horror-tome: The actor's presence in a movie about diabolism seemed like a good idea that might not be missed, but the end result - especially in this bastardized version - is a disaster! I honestly honored Welles, who is bored, and rather than in his deep and commanding voice, he mumbles the inward demonic invocations almost in the whisper !! Basically, it is yet another reissue of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): A couple are invited to a remote community under false intent and soon find themselves surrounded by diabolists. The girl played by Pamela Franklin apparently has supernatural powers (handed down by her mother, which seems intermittent all the time to warn her - but delivered in an intense way through tied teeth being the latter speaks largely inconsistently and the fund of enormous hilarity every time she looks!) and is expected to revive Welles' late young son from the dead !! For what it is worth, Franklin - a genre regular, right down from the debut show in THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not bad in its role (requiring some nudity and experiencing more half-frightening hallucinations during the film); however, her husband Michael Ontkean is not up to the challenge of his John Cassavetes-like character. Some of the other girls also look good - especially Lee Purcell, whose delayed decision to help Franklin escape from the city, ultimately turns out to be undone. <br /> <br /> The events come to mind in an incredibly muddled climax that sees the Satanists eventually turning Franklin on and getting her to take the revived boy into the coffin (that's gratitude for you!). While the added scenes are sticking out (the hilarious opening ceremony and others would be erotic decorations), the overall quality of the film would still have been poor without them; Then again, this particular version is further immersed in electronic electronic score - which is totally inappropriate and cheesy to the extreme!
