As a teenager, I was beautiful in all Bigfoot things - I read the books and followed the reported observations. As a more jaded adult I have pretty much given up on the big guy now, but don't mind seeing the odd movie when I come across one. This one had a few strong points - mainly the recreation of two of the more famous Bigfoot meetings - the 1924 Ape Canyon event and the Bauman event in 1850 related to and by Teddy Roosevelt, of which I 'am a little familiar with the youthful reading , I did. The film takes for granted that both events involved a sasquatch, while both events have more plausible explanations, but the recreation was well done. There is also tribute paid at the start of the movie for the famous Patterson video, and again for its authenticity. The Sasquatch end-of-movie meeting was also very well done and had a very eerie sense of it, as the sasquatchet was portrayed mainly in the shadows or as hairy feet ran past the scared men. Unfortunately, these four things may have totaled about 20 minutes, while the film as a whole is just over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> It's the fictional story (finished in a documentary style) of an expedition to a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia, to the suspected home range of the sasquat. A computer had targeted this area based on observations, and in one of the more entertaining scenes in the movie, the computer also used "eyewitness observations" to draw a picture of a sasquatch that resembled the "creature" of the Patterson video! Apart from the 20 minutes I mentioned, we see pretty much this expedition journey, which means we'll see a bunch of guys on a long camping trip. I've been on camping trips with the guys. Let me tell you - they have never been worthy of a movie. Among the long draws are some good wildlife shots (although one suspects that canned footage was used or perhaps even captive animals that perform like wild animals), and there are some spectacular scenes, except that the scene is not of British Columbia, it is from Oregon National Parks. I appreciated that we never got a real picture of the sasquatchen, so we didn't have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3.10
