It shows that this is a French film, LOL, with an emphasis on young girls with much older men ... why are the French so fixed on this kind of thing? When the age difference is so great, it really looks like pervert! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she has a strong resemblance to Olivia Hussey, Zeffirelli's '68 Romeo and Juliet, set in a similar period), but she looks about 15 and the actor plays Tassi, her painting instructor, looks ... well, 50 is KIND. <br /> <br /> Other posters have made the work of explaining historical record (exceptionally detailed in this case) by the real Artemisia, a great artist and one of the earliest recognized female painters during this period (17th century ). Her story speaks to us in modern times, especially because of the old accusation that "all the great artists were men" - she basically blows this claim to bits - and because the story of her rape case is so spectacular. Not only was she clearly assaulted and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (for these days marriage with your assailant was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a rapist and possibly killed his wife and child. <Br /> <br /> The film makes a terrible misunderstanding by turning this truly fascinating and remarkable story of history - very dramatic and no need for "spicing up" - because in some strange way it is "hotter" to have an overseas teenager draws male sexual organs and has a warm love affair with a man old enough to be her grandfather. It's "sexy" - the truth is boring and seems too feminist / politically correct. <br /> <br /> It also disturbs me that this is only part of the Artemisia life that is considered interesting enough to film. The fact that she painted for decades (her famous painting by Judith Hulling Holfernes was painted AFTER, not before the rape), that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy that she continued to have children ... oh it is boring things. After all, it's about a middle-aged woman, and they're not "hot" as teenagers. I understand that there is a very creative license to make a movie (or book) about a true historical character. You need to create dialogue, have subplots, create dramatic structure. Certainly some details can be sacrificed - it is nothing if the dates have moved a few years, or if Artemisia is being played by a blonde actress (when we know of her self-portraits that she was a brunette ... and a big boneless one, not a skinny minny), or something like that. But to turn her story around her and make rape in a romance is actually sick and disturbing. It is even worse because the director is a woman. She should be horrible to herself! <br /> <br /> If you like this (and I know some people might like less about the real female artist and like costumes and hot sex), you'll probably like "Dangerous Beauty" with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack. Also based on highly rewritten history, with lots of swelling steaks and jeweled crosses: Bon Appetit!
