CAN INCLUDE SPOILERS ..... I am surprised by the high rating of this movie to be honest .. really am. All I saw was a slow moving propaganda movie with nothing much to say. (Note to myself to check the rating for Platoon here). This movie was so black and white ... Americans well ... anyone else either vicious or useless. I take it with the British troops it was supposed to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world most would agree with I am pretty sure) they lost 3 men and the others ran away while the US troops were not even elite soldiers in the fighting mind kept the ground and opened a can of ass on them evil creeping Iraqis. Aye bad strings in mind. The only good thing I have to say about this movie came in this sense when the sniper took out the SAS man ... snapshot from a distance, good sound used ... really well done a little, but the rest ... Save me what is I'm 10 years old here? Well, I'm not and can see nonsense propaganda in a movie and boy made this movie it. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh aye and in the most crazy, wild guy can't stay home with his wife and young child .. he has to sign up for a year to fight in a fog lie of a war !! Why ... because young men need excitement or something apparently. Just as I am surprised by the high rating of this movie, I am really. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America I hate the announcement of this movie, which apparently will not even face problems with an illegal war (in my eyes), which OK enough, because there are clearly people out there who think it is a fair war for what any confused reason (would say anything else but censored) but hey it's up to them. But to churn out a movie as one-sided as it is black and white ... good v evil is lazy and treats me like a child. In war there is very gray, and there are two (sometimes more) pages that believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with anything dark side verses treats. For Hollywood at times, you really take people to mugs ... then again 7.8 .... Well you're right, but I'm not buying it. Glad I downloaded this movie tells you all that for nothing. ;)
