As a last day, Ayn Rand, Bigelow is the biggest muy macho in her depiction in the movie of a couple of tough American hombres stuck in Iraq and protecting road bombs set by ruthless, relentless, child-killing Arab terrorists. When Bigelow sets the Iraq war as the backdrop for the great scene of human drama, an expert from a veteran bomb is blown up, and another turns out to replace him in the dusty, hot, ugly rubble that is Iraq and a new one. completely born. The new guy is what John Hershey described in his book, and later the movie The War Lover, as a sadistic fingernail that does not actually fit civil society, and demands that war stimulation sublime and suppress his troubled sexual desires. The war cutter can only work fully in war, peacetime fights him. While Hershey chastised the war lover (as Steve McQueen played in one of his greatest roles), Bigelow senses him. The army needs war lovers, they are defending defense against our enemies. We cannot handle the truth that it is warriors who are the best soldiers, the hardest men. According to the unironic Bigelow, permanent men's pussies, war lover is a special breed, the last of cowboys. So what if he wants to detain his men or throw an Iraqi boy? He is a return to sex and death-war. In war, sex is a lackluster, loveless, non-asking, non-telling kind of male bond. Bigelow has no opinion on this; She just limits the possibilities of masculinity in this skin-fisted attempt at realism. Only a warrior can win the moral struggle between right and wrong, between US innocence and Arab perfection. Bigelow spoils her racism and arrogance behind the journalist's diligent facade. She is just another gung-ho yahoo showing a brutal war on civilians as a moral triumph of spirit. On the political front, Bigelow returns to the Western genre and its relentless clichés over and over again, ad nauseam: The wonderful world of the open border, which happens to be the land of another. ("You can shoot people here" says a soldier); the hard but human black comrade, the soldier with the sense of death, the grudge, possibly the crazy commander, the college educated fool trying to liberate the enemy. You name it, Bigelow revives it. <br /> <br /> Human love is tangible in scenes with the sweet Arab boy turning to the warrior, but Bigelow is playing it straight; she does not execute sex, just clean it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, insidious face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not pure evil is either denied, hostile or in general not good. They deserve everyone to die for their impudence, and many of them do in this glib gore movie. The Iraqi women are all hysterical, they only make their presence known by screaming. They could be male stunt men in a row for everything I know you never see their faces. There is no female presence at all at the base or in battle, although women's fatal accidents in Iraq would surely disprove this. Bigelow goes through all the movements one by one. She admonishes war, she canonizes the sadistic nut-case hero. The Cowboys, surrounded by the subhuman Indians, prove their mettle by doing God's work and suppressing the miserable terrorist-infected hell hole with pure bravado and suicidal craze. Towards the end I felt like rooting for the Indians. In Bigelow's world, however, it does not make any merit or understanding of it all. The Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. The slaughter of civilians is just the dramatic backdrop for our hero's psychic sexual struggle. Every US ball finds its mark. You must love the guy, the war lover. It's just his way, he's the true hero. He's just a guy trying to get things done in the hard way, and then what if he wants boy song on the page.
