The line is more fun in England, where away from Vixen! The native America has the word "fanny" a whole new meaning. Unfortunately, this is the only laugh you get in this horrible sex comedy that is neither sexy nor fun. Exceptionally unalluring with painted eyebrows, Erica Gavin (Acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who desires his own brother, but rejects his black friend while making derogatory remarks about watermelons. As if in revenge, he asks her if she would go with a Shetland pony. Reference is also made to "do it with monkeys". Gavin's ability to shake and shake with orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch is only matched in the lack of appeal of his seduction dance ?? which involves a bonfire and a haddock. Personally, I preferred haddock. <br /> <br /> For '68, it was pretty tame and illuminated the controversy it attracted at that time. A sign claims to be "stoned" even though it is only on bourbon, and for one of the original "X" certificates there is no full frontal nudity. Just six years later we wanted to get Timmy Lea and his Confessions, but here we have to do with topless shots. Only Gavin's last seduction of his own brother really chokes. Another activity for Vixen is where she helps solve the sexual problems between a couple by sleeping with both of them. The two women clearly do not enjoy building their scene together and making a bad effort to pamper it. After Vixen has faced their disharmony, the romantic man of his wife concludes "I suppose she's got it for her!" The only dignified segment involves an unusual discussion of Cuban communism. It seems to be the case with the rest of the film, but is spliced ​​with shots of Gavin's breasts to force it into continuity. This then leads to a vague anti-Vietnam attitude, which is commendable, but fell in the middle of such a lukewarm movie it seems to be tired and insensitive, not to say cleanly tasteful. Incidentally, that part of the wild communist Niles Brooke is taken by Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page that played Captain Trunk in the entertaining comedy Sledge Hammer! The site must be embarrassed by his back-catalog (which also includes Meyers beyond the Dollar Valley), although Meyer excuses wanted you to believe in the horrible dialogue, miserable action, bluntness, and gloomy editing are not only part of the charm but completely intentional. As a defense, it does not defend water. <br /> <br /> The annoying random music ?? a cross between the tunes they play in cinema restaurant ads and muzak used by television stations when the transmission goes down? is ubiquitous and intrusive; while even the stupid, amateurishly skewed camera angles cannot create interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones where women have been "asking for it", black men ?? or "shining" ?? is not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely uncomfortable.
