Wayward Cloud is a frustrating movie to watch. Infuriatingly enigmatic, it treats every shot as a work of art. You get the impression that the composition of each shot has been designed and prepared with a degree of exquisite care bordering on occupation; Expressing how far the cinema has evolved since the first films turned out in the nineteenth century and imitating their construction, the camera hardly ever moves ?? except during the camp and colorful music tracks. Ambient noise is kept to a minimum and no word is spoken. This curious but effective entity forces the audience to focus their attention on visual stimuli alone, so even though history progresses at a snail-like pace, we feel ourselves immersed. Unfortunately, this immersion begins to run somewhere around the hour mark. I began to feel that if the movie challenged me to watch while it became more difficult when the protocol dragged, then the mere act of becoming a will play. <br /> <br /> Had the content of this movie not been as sexual as it is, it would no doubt be even more unclear to Western audiences. As it is, there is an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse on an unconscious (or possibly dead) woman who is so contradictory that, although it may speak of the extent of the degradation to which pornography exposes both men and women (users and the one used it is so superficial in the way it chooses to do its point to effectively make it ineffective. Of course, the worst and most enthusiastic explosive participants in available pornographic content will search this movie out of all the wrong reasons and watch it with their sticky finger on the forward button on the remote. <br /> <br /> For all its problems, the movie is definitely a stayer, and the more you think about it, the more sensible certain aspects of it seem to be. Ironically, the viewer is likely to be proportionately rewarded for a movie that does not happen so little by watching another or even third time. For me, though, was enough?
