This hit movie from 1970 has not lived well, but honestly it was not so good when it was released. Nevertheless, it was a tremendously popular success, perhaps because the idea of ​​fatalistic young love must have appealed to the audience, saturated with constant television coverage of the Vietnam War. The plot is pure drop when it comes to Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player who encounters and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonistic Vassar music student proud of his working class background. Of course, his older school father fails by Jenny, and in a typical rebel act it means that the young couple get married in one of the hippie-era, thriving ceremonies. He lands his dream job in New York, but she is unexpectedly sick and dies of her terminal illness. There is a veneer of contemporary film-making methods displayed by director Arthur Hiller, but none of it can hide the old-fashioned, cliché-famous story in the core. The inevitable conclusion left me very untouched. <br /> <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw became stars with this movie as Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicable, so then neither seems to be able to convey the depth or complexity required to make their characters convincing. At least, the boyish O'Neal is sincere in his stubborn approach, but MacGraw is so wood and smirky in behavior that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny beyond his sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before he found the decapitated racehorse in his bed in "The Godfather") makes it better as Jenn's plain baking dish Phil, as Ray Milland also as apparently insensitive Barrett pater families. The overly familiar Frances Lai music has almost become parody in itself over the years. The print quality on the DVD is good, although the only extra is a rather effusive commentary of Hiller. The most interesting piece of trivia is that the writer Erich Segal (on whose book this film is based) devised Oliver as a mix between two Harvard roommates he knew? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who happens to be part of the movie as one of Oliver's room throttles.
