Warped takes on the Pinocchio theme and sits down at Christmas time (.. after the previous filing of ties for Christmas) booby-trapped toys sent to murder a child (... yet other victims are harmed by this) perhaps by a toy man "the lake". Screaming Mad George was in charge of killing toys (including a caterpillar entering a victim's mouth and out of his eyes, another where soldier toys actually shoot real balls on a babysitter after the girlfriend was nearly stunned by a cut-off craft, operating from a remote control). The small target is a dumb child named Derek (William Thorne) whose stepdad was murdered by a red bullet with elongated arms, which alike his face, causing him to land on a gambling game. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) cares about her son's mental state and expects her reluctance to open gifts or, more importantly, to speak, from seeing her husband's horrific murder. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears his son's safety and reluctantly informs his former boyfriend Sarah that the local toymaker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for trapping toys to harm children for the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident. child of retaliation saying that if he could not have a son, then others should not. Still, it seems that Petto has devoted his feelings to children, but his sinister son Pino (Brian Bremer) does not have, and Derek has his fate over. Why? You will soon understand. <br /> <br /> Exactly disappointing special effects and pretty steep performance. Rooney's name adds a prominent movie to the movie and makes it a notoriety, but his histrionics can only help so much. Attractive lead actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as the man who enters her life are not so bad, but the lame plot that evolves is hard to take seriously. I guess it's supposed to, but Rooney has no reason to be in such a movie like this. He has no place to bring any personality to his toymaker beyond rage and desperation, quite volatile, barely sticking together as he explodes in anger against Pino when not downing spirits. Bremer is suitably weird and "robotic" like Pino, who yearns to have Sarah as his mother. The practical effects used during the attacks on victims are quite convincing. Screaming Mad Georges work with Savage Steve Holland was far more effective than what we see in this movie. The sex everyone is talking about is not as free as many would have you believe (I can't even remember any nudity). Probably the best of the many successors is green, but it is not exactly an endorsement. I'm pretty sure to write on paper, this was an entertaining concept, the idea of ​​forging Pinocchio using horror elements, but the result isn't blowing you away completely.
