Dieter Bohlen, Germany's infamous composer and producer of weakly trashy pop hits such as "You are my heart, you are my soul" felt the need to tell his story - and gracefully he decided to hire a ghost writer. The result was a fun book about his life. Well, more or less a fuzzy picture of it. He did not deny that he is a selfish asshole, but the whole story was twisted to fit his image of himself. No word that he probably broke up his former wife and she ended up in the hospital. But it was written in a fun style and a great success in his appearance as a jury member in the German version of "American Idol" - especially his unforgettable comments. <br /> <br /> This should be the end of the story - really. In the hype of the said "Idol" TV show called "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (abbreviated DSDS), someone must have had the terrible idea of ​​making a movie out of the book. The result is "Dieter - That Movie" <br /> <br /> I've rarely seen a movie trying so desperately to be fun and fails so completely. None of the gags really hit the point. Naddel's voice and style became immediately on my nerves, even though Verona's voice should have done more. Clear, childish, predictable and long gags destroy any motivation to watch this movie at the end within minutes. The content of the film is a sloppy film adaptation written down by a ghost writer based on Bohlen's sloppy idealized memory. They could have used this freedom to do just about anything. It should be a satire, but they failed. The story is completely uninteresting, and the fact that the background voice is Bohlen itself ensures that the whole movie has nothing satirical at all. It is no wonder that it was considered bad for a cinema release. The likelihood that this thing would be rotten in any archive was quite high until recently, as the current season of DSDS proved to be a mediocre success. With the "friendly" help of Germany's largest print newspaper "PICTURE" and the desperate situation of the TV station RTL to have something in the program while the still insurmountable show "Wetten dass ...?" running on channel 2, the movie has finally come to television - unfortunately. Watching this movie is a waste of time - there are probably better cartoons with much more fun and a story that is actually worth watching. <br /> <br /> Therefore: 2/10
