OK OK, it can be hard to put one man's life into one movie. Biopic traditionally focuses on one or two essential parts of the subject's life. Now Byron was a "my week beats your year" guy, making selected parts that are representative even harder. Moreover, as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, human life itself must be seen as a whole. Lifting out parts not only shows the whole picture, it shows a completely different picture. <br /> In short, my review comes down to this: Probably Byron was really "my week beating your year" prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that he actually did more in his 15 or so active years than most do throughout their lives. True, he had setbacks and was the victim of the time and social attitude he lived in - but in the end this guy was supposed to be the prototype whose life we ​​all want to lead, no? Well, I would NOT, at any time, want to live life shown in this movie. So it will be 3. Not to be so badly done (which is more or less in the direction), but more importantly to miss the point completely in a flat plot. <br /> <br /> Some more details. To simplify things, a Byron bio should have two different episodes: 1. Europe's first trip: England and his rise to fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad. Now it is important that the second part should be at least as important as the first. Not only was it much longer, but the main change in Byron took place then. Moreover, this is where he made his best works (Don Juan, the vision of judgment, etc. - all the things that make him * truly * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead of in this movie (a) Byron's life never comes across as self-indulgent, (b) it only gets * worse * after leaving England. They did two good jobs: First, they, in turn, started the European journey (although a bit more of the current trip would have been welcomed as a prologue), secondly, they chose an angle and they chose their throw-in love for Augusta (which is perfectly cast). The problem with this last is that they never let it go. True, Byron remained strongly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but especially as he was such a mood-changing person, the fact that his letters reflect it did not show that he might not have had life at all at other times. br /> Anyway, the first part of the tv movie should be completed with him leaving England. There is no doubt about that. The case is: Once abroad, a life of deterioration (with the infamous Geneva period) began, but in Italy Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice, and for himself, when he found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (subsequently at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, he was also * liberated *. His mind and life opened (and not only in decadent sense) while the English closed longer as it fell into the Victorian age gravitational pull. True, the freedom was Augusta-less, but this bittersweet freedom tastes sour in this movie. We see a lonely, boring snob getting older. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought much about his poetry, except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! Apart from poetic and romantic development, his relationship with Shelly (and the crash) should have been more documented. It is also in Italy in Ravenna that he becomes involved in politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important as it shows that the decadent romantic and ultimately escapist language and person of Childe Harold changes to the more planted-in-life realistic and lighter passion of Don Juan's language and person. Life and work is one. True, still a little naive, but that's what made him Greece! And the whole thing came in full circle in Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit further ignited the spark. Missolonghi was not the bored snob suddenly looking for some actions. It was the insights in Italy (Gambas) that moved him to action. It can be a symbol for the man who is looking for some exciting excitement in ancient style, while the rest of Europe is aimed at the mother's reason and conservatism. But it was not just what was a true inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron wrote massive amounts of Don Juan. True, his end is a little sad, but it's not like he's worn. It is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had some strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but each time he was able to reinvent himself really. He believed that he was not "less" at the end of his life - no, he had made a physical and mental journey that at that time was few people willing to do. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is it so often overlooked the second period of Byron's life? Because it had less obvious conflicts when the man finally came to his own? By focusing our attention on the frustrated English years of scandals, we do not seem to be much better than the English aristocracy at the time that Byron so despised and who, despite having no choice, would * voluntarily * fled in 1816 to find a world that was modern and liberal enough to let him find the voice that would make him the first romantic plains ghost poet and evolve from a self-obsessed snob to a passionate man who moves on with a cause.
