I think that this show can be summed up as well as anything. Batman TAS can be the worst thing that ever happens to comics based on comics because everything that comes after will be compared to it and nothing has yet measured. It's just for damn good. Was Batman Beyond Good? "Yes, but it wasn't TAS." Is the Justice League good? "It's not that bad, but it's not TAS." <br /> <br /> Batman is definitely no TAS, but I won't hold it against it. It would be unfair and in addition it has many other problems with it. The concept of a younger, less experienced Batman combat crime is a fine one, and at times the art is very nice. But the rest of the time, art is worthless American time, and this confuses many of the mistakes in the show itself. It is paced, written and designed as an American time. If I wanted to see Jackie Chan Adventures, I'd see Jackie Chan Adventures. Or I could just slip my head into a wall and get the same effect. The joker is an abused, mentally unstable clown in a suit that uses his wits, unpredictability and clever gadgets to fight Batman. When he is forced to fight hand in hand, he will either resort to something cheap or totally unmatched. He is not supposed to be a monkey with dreadlocks who know kung-fu and can jump into twenty meters in the air, accompanied by speed lines. If they had wanted to do it with a villain, there were other less important signs they could have used or * gasp * they could have created a new hero. And it's not that repetitions are a bad thing, don't let me get wrong. TAS (I go again) took Mr. Freeze from your standard icegun-wielding B-villain and made him a memorable and morally complex character. Of course, Freeze wasn't exactly a classic villain at that time, and they did an upgrade, but the point is. What Batman does is take everything you like about Batman comics and lore and take a big, smelly dump on them. Guess what? They ate corn. It is obvious that this show cannot stand against TAS, but stand on its own, and it still doesn't work for me. The sites are not good and they do not develop better. They have been written for demographic children under the age of twelve. Should children enjoy a show? Of course they should. This should not be an adult program with severe, nudity and free violence. But the brand of a really good show is that it can be enjoyed at different levels of all ages. This show misses that selection. <br /> <br /> Is this a TAS? No, of course not. The problem is that it is not even a JLU.
