I'm a big fan of the Batman comics, and I was disappointed when I could no longer find Batman: The Animated Series on TV anymore. I was thrilled to learn that there would be a new Batman cartoon on TV. I saw the first episode that day it premiered and I was very disappointed. <br /> <br /> First of all, the animation is very poor. It looks like a cheap, crappy Japanese anime. Then again, almost every modern cartoon is like that. <br /> <br /> The sign designs are even worse. Batman looks more like Birdman, Catwoman looks more like Chihuahuawoman, Bane looks more like a red version of the Hulk, Penguin is a Kung-Fu master. Mr. Freeze is something untouched with an iceberg on its head and Riddler is a gothic Marilyn Manson look-alike (which is fun because I don't expect people obsessed with puzzles and puzzles to be Gothic). The worst sign design is Jokerens. They made him a monkey / denied Bob Marley / Kung-Fu fighter! Joker must be Batman's deadly enemy, but in this show he hardly poses a threat because his crimes are so stupid and meaningless. In an episode, his plan was to put his Joker poison in dog food! Oh, how bad! Batman is a fascinating and complex character because he is haunted by the death of his parents, why he is fighting crime. This version of Batman does not seem to be haunted by his parents' death and is not at all interesting. He is also not a detective, just a fighter. If there is an enemy, he cannot defeat, he will not study the enemy to find out their weak points as a detective would, he just wants to build a giant combat robot to defeat them. Many times this show does not even seem like a Batman show, just another brainless anime, it is nothing but pointless struggle. What I hate most about this show is what they did for the bad guys. They have taken away everything that makes them cozy and relatable and transformed them into stereotypical evil evil. Man-Bat is the biggest example. In the comics he is a tragic scientist studying bats to find a cure for his deafness. When he is experimenting with himself, he transforms himself into a giant bat. In this show, he is an angry scientist who will deliberately turn into a giant bat without any apparent reason. Almost all crooks are like this; None of them, with the exception of about one or two, have a real motive for their crimes. The worst characterization is Mr. Freeze. In the comics, Freeze was just a mad scientist until the genius author Paul Dini wrote the BTAS episode "Heart of Ice" which gave Freeze a new origin that made him a more tragic, three-dimensional and sympathetic villain. The section was so popular that fans accepted it as their original origin, and it was even used in the comics as its origin. Even the crazy movie Batman & Robin used it as its origin. In this show, he is a little jewel thief before becoming Mr. Freeze. After being Mr. Freeze, guess what? He's still a little jewel thief! Great origin. No wonder they used it over the one Dini created. <br /> <br /> As a Batman fan, I don't like this show just because it's not like the comics because I also liked the BTAS, the Batman comics came after it, Tim Burton's Batman movie and of course the amazing Christopher Nolan Batman movie. None of them were 100% loyal to the comics, but they were still very good. The problem with this show is not that it is not like the comics or the BTAS, it is that it lacks any kind of depth that makes other Batman media so popular. <br /> <br /> I have given this show so many chances, but the more I see, the more I find it disappointing. I miss the good old days back as Batman's comics were something everyone could enjoy.
