Just once, I would like to see a version of Beowulf, where it seems that the writers at least have a knowledge of the original poem. Once again, after seeing this Sci Fi presentation, I'm disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not suggest the authors understand and analyze the poem in old English, but I want them to at least try to read a translation in modern English and try to construct a story based on what actually occurs . The story is exciting enough; Why Add Plot Elements That Don't Exist and Destroy History? What's wrong with being true to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to any kind of weapon; Why introduce some super-armbue that is unbelievable and could not have existed during this time period (as correctly pointed out by the previous reviewer)? The battle with Grendel was Beowulf vs Grendel. That is it. No one else took part in the fight. The only way Beowulf could have defeated him was to select specifically to engage the monster without any weapons, the error that all previous challengers did. But in this version Danes and geater fight the animal and Beowulf hacks out of Grendel's arm with a sword! Again, why couldn't they portray what really happened? Personally, I think a one-to-one grappling match between the two would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a pathetic and abysmal depiction that is untrue to the true story. Why add a pact with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother, which includes bidding? Why create extra characters like Finn that don't add anything to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They couldn't even put the scenes in the right places (a forest instead of swamp and not lair under the lake). They fail to notice the metaphor that Grendel's lair means? it must be underground to represent hell. Why not focus on the symbolism of the epic poem? Even my high school students last year could do much better when they made a short film based on Beowulf, as they focused on the themes and the symbolism behind the story. If Hollywood could create a movie that focuses on these elements and is true to the plot, then it would be a great movie.
