Where to start? Anachronism? High tech cross bow with a range of about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A monster Grendel that looks like a robocop and of course never interacts with any of the weapons that are fired or swung against him? The heart torn out of his victim's chest without any sense of contact? Maybe the blonde who would fit in with a recent fashion show with her makeup and striped hair? The old Danish court represented in classic Greek style? The Queen played by Marina Sirtis more savaged by her makeup artist than by madness? The effects are far too weak to bear this story. There are some stories that do not mind or even take advantage of cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about the signs that seem to change in their attitude without motivation? A bravado idiot prince whose home has already been savaged more than once by the monster Grendel seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf, who was sent far from Geat's country to help the desperate Danes. In this it feels more like an old cowboy western than any kind of myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient story from an era with almost no literary tradition and much of both its feelings and its drama is unclear. I suppose any modern narrative that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the ambiguity must fail. I did not love the recent "Beowulf and Grendel", which sees Grendel mainly as a human being and sees Hrothgar and his Danes as being haughty and stupid to acknowledge Grendel's assault as well-founded revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist attitude that Hrothgar Danes were a lot of macho thugs who never understood, even after it was over they had brought this nightmare to themselves, and therefore the original story of Beowulf, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of the real story. I think there is a more complex meaning than that, but this "Grendel's" horrible secret that Grendel's attack is tied to a former human victim does not bring us closer to the shame that Hrothgar and the Danes experienced . <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend it as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give it a 4: higher than it deserves, but always hope that a bad effort will draw attention to someone who is telling the story intelligently. Meanwhile, Sci-Fi's film production seems to follow the NASA policy that it is better to build lots of probes that fail than a successful couple.
