La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza, or The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, which I believe is the common English title, is set to 'Ireland' in '1902', where the mysterious counter Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) soon invites to be out of worksheets actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three more of her colleagues who are soon out of work, actresses Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) to his castle is located on a small island just outside the coast. Initially, Evelyn is reluctant, but is persuaded when it is agreed that stage hand Samuel (Leo Valeriano) also goes together. Once, Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather both cut the head of their cheating wives through a ceremonial knife and there is a feeling of discomfort when it turns out that Evelyn looks just like the present Count's wife who ran away not too long ago ... Along with having to worry about weirdo servants, it turns out that someone will use the knife himself to cut out a few heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is total, complete and complete crap from start to finish. First thing begins to start criticizing titled Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, let's examine this title because when I do, I feel somewhat cheated that there are no vampires or any kind of blood suction at all, no one does anything when anyway & there is definitely no dance or dance, so don't expect any of these things. What you should expect is a dull, boring, dull, meaningless little 'giallo' that takes over an hour before someone is killed, and any kind of murder mystery begins to take shape, the first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is like plot less & uninteresting as something out there. The best way to imagine is to think of the most boring, soft-grained porn movie you've ever seen, so cut out most of the soft-core pornography and leave just bad actors, bad dubbing, poor dialogue, a little bit of software core sex & lesbianism & absolutely nothing else. Yes, it's really that bad. Mystical elements are shit, people do illogical things without apparent reason and the overly complicated "twist" end is just as bad as the rest of it, The Sixth Sense (1999) is not! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does an OK job & La Sanguisga Conduce la Danza actually has a good look and believe it, although it is obviously low budget, I think there are scenes where he shows a storm that rages outside the castle, but the storage shot used is in black and white! So the movie jumps from light color to black and white when it cuts to the storm and back to color again! There is a completely hilarious scene where a girl and her friend discuss their breasts and she lets her friend feel so full of compliments, this scene is so fun and just as unnatural that it is invaluable and easy movie's best moment Although a bad 70s porn would be embarrassed by the dialogue! There is minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget about some blood or gore as there is nothing except a neck head. <br /> <br /> Technically, the films are quite good, but it is actually quite impressive, although it is not massive in scope enough to work efficiently. The film has a good sense of color and the film cabinet is fine. The movie is dubbed, so it's hard to make sense of the original performances, but the voice actors are terrible. The dialogue is even worse than normal. La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a horrible movie, it makes no sense, it has almost no history for over an hour, it may have the most misleading title ever & is really boring and boring with a confused stupid 'twist' end. As for euro horror fans go there are lots of much better movies than this so please do not waste your time, as for anyone else this is definitely one to avoid. Trivia Note: the infamous (& banned in the UK) Nazi exploitation / horror movie Scary experiments of SS last days (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella & he has a rather significant role as a police detective in La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza.
