This "clever" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And while I suppose the original movie was pretty bad, it was made a little worse when American-International Films chopped the film and put American manufacturers in the spotlight. Now, unless your audience is made up of total idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that this was done - and made with a little finesse or caring about the final product. The bottom is that you have many clear Japanese scenes and of course American scenes, where the film looks quite different. In addition, the American scenes are really pointless and consist of two different groups of people at meetings, just talking about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! And even though this is a breathable, flying and destructive monster, there's virtually no energy because I suppose the actors were just embarrassed to be in this miserable movie - especially movie veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both looked equally tired and bad at being there. <br /> <br /> Now, as far as the monster is concerned, it is not quite the standard Godzilla-like creature. Seeing a giant trapped turtle pulls its head and limbs and begins to spin through the air as a missile is fun. On the other hand, the crappy model plans, destructive balsa buildings and power plants are, as usual, in this movie and come as no surprise. In addition, a weird Japanese monster movie cliché was honestly annoyed by most non-Japanese audience members, and it is the "cute and perishable little boy who loves the monster and believes in him". Yeah right. Well, like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and several other movies, you have this annoying creep and cheer on the monster, but unlike later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is NOT a good guy and it turns out ultimately that the baby is just an idiot! Stupid, extraordinary bad special effects that could be made better by the average seven-year-old bad play, meaningless American clips and occasionally horrible voice dubbing make this a miserable movie. Strangely, while most will certainly hate this movie (and the stupid child), there is a small and very vocal minority who loves these movies and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Don't believe them - this is a horrible movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Apparently, because of his amazing scene presence, Gamera was featured in several more films in the 60s as well as some recent incarnations. None of these changes the key fact that he is a breathable flying turtle or that the movies are really, really paralyzed.
