We now travel to a parallel universe where the appearance of giant prehistoric monsters flattening cities is part of the daily routine. It is a world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind - a weird world, and one became even stranger by the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the monolithic Toho Studios, the second rung Daiei Studios was more famous for samurai sagas than monster movies. In the mid-60s, they decided to participate in the giant reptile rally and designed a rival monster series for Toho's mother's successful Godzilla. They wisely chose Gamera as their flagship - a gigantic turtle that shoots flames between its snail teeth and spins through the air by shooting flames through the skull's feet (and at some point you almost see the paper mask shell on fire!). The first Gamera movie "Gamera The Invincible" (as sold to the United States) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, just 10 years later. American warriors are chasing an unmarked flight across the Arctic to its violent death - on-board nuclear weapons ignite and awaken the gigantic Gamera from its icy sleep. Feeds of atomic energy go straight to a rampage and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a mental connection with the giant turtle and even holds a miniature version in an aquarium by his bedding. believes that Gamera is essentially friendly and kind. He is like a little Jewish child with a pinup of Hitler. "Gamera is a good turtle," he wont, then crumbles and puts on a face as a person's pooped in his coco pops. Miraculously, world leaders belong to him, and then Z-Plan begins to save the world and Gamera from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera was a surprising hit. The annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually worked on the kiddie audience in both Japan and the United States, and the sight of Gamera on two-meter stomping miniatures in Tokyo and the North Pole is wonderfully chintzy. Most surprisingly, the series' lifetimes are: eight original Gamera films, as well as a number of recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is with eight eight-year-old milquetoast - and if I hear "Gamera's friends for ALL kids" once again, I'll crush Tokyo. It seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where children are clever and turtles are larger than a Seiko billboard in the 1965 turtle party Gamera.
