With the increasing popularity of the now iconic Godzilla series, as with any cinema event, there will inevitably be a crowd of imitators trying to deposit the success of the great lizard. With godzilla, the beginning of a growing popularity of the kaiju (gigantic monster) genre came. Many sought success; a couple got it. One of the few who not only benefited but gained popularity was Gamera, a giant turtle that could breathe in and out and fly by spitting flames from the sockets in his carp as a means of jet propulsion. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was marketed as a friend to all children, later other monsters fought to save the children in danger, and so Gamera became very popular with the kiddies. Unfortunately, it's about the only audience the original Gamera series will appeal to. While the new Gamera movies directed by Shusuke Kaneko are amazing, revolutionary monster movies, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. The first Gamera movie, titled in Japan as "The Giant Monster Gamera" was clearly a Godzilla will-be-be. Although the film was produced in an era of color film, it was shot in black and white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla film from the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I do not know much about the Japanese version, for the version I know of the American version where scenes were cut and new footage with American actors was inserted (is it by chance that the same was the case with the first Godzilla movie?) Now if this adds or takes away from the movie, I can't say it. But "Gammera the Invincible" is really nothing but a strange drilling that just goes together like the big turtle itself. "Gammera the Invincible" is a very routine oriented movie. The characters are from a stock of science-fiction standards, the story is inan, the monster has no real motive to attack civilization, the play is ridiculous, etc. The only thing that separates it from the Godzilla series is the end of the movie, but it is also a critic, as the plan, which eventually stops Gamera's rampage, is completely false and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie and many other items in this genre are also adapted to that description, but this is a real stodgy monster movie. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko would later transform Gamera into an interesting monster with his trilogy In the 1990s, Gamera in the original series was not an attractive screen presence. He was neither scary nor sympathetic. He just waddles like a toddler, swaying with each step, and knocking miniature sets over. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera except for a small child (Yoshio Uchida, who was long left by the credits, though he plays a "central" role) who believes that Gamera is a turtle. film in the genre that "Gammera The Invincible" is part of the easy targets of criticism and this is subject to extra pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitators, this Gamera movie is not very good. And as far as my cinema experience goes, the rest of the films in the series are either as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera will be recorded in color and continue to fight monsters. And like Godzilla, he would be cheaper and cheaper with each movie until it was time to revive the series and make him serious again. <br /> <br /> It's peculiar. Normally, I recommend people to stick to the originals and forward the remitters. But in the case of Gamera, my judgment is just the opposite. I strongly urge people to see the 1990 camera trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and skip the original series unless interested. The new films are inventive, well-made, exciting and above all fun. The original series is a long stream of boredom.
