I have a serious problem with this show, more actually. A simple list is sufficient for now, I later go into more depth: superficial characters, a laugh and boring humor. <br /> <br /> If you don't want to look at the rest of this review and read it only so you can feel superior (as if you see something in this show, I didn't) to an often annoyed teen from Canada, I sum up: Friends sucks not only because it's unfunny, but because it ruined the TV audience for new good shows (Arrested Development, Dexter, etc.). Friends are as much responsible for reality TV, "Two And A Half Men" and "The King Of Queens" as television directors. Now with the review. <br /> <br /> These characters have no soul, they are exactly the same in every way (outside of gender and hair color). They react in the same way in dull situations and are completely safe in their own bodies. Where is the conflict and the humor that comes with it? Why doesn't Rachel rage out on Monica after Monica starts hanging out with Rachel's enemy? Why isn't Joey considering suicide because nobody seems to take him seriously? Oh right, for he is the stupid, and he is good at it. This is the curse of having perfect characters: lasting conflict and (god forbid) personality becomes an impossibility. The rubbish track is the only thing that should be dead just after birth. Any show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of fun. How can I make such a broad generalization? When a show claiming to be "comedy" requires laughter from someone, VISIT AUDIENCE, it must mean that the audience would not laugh without it. Laughtracks destroy humor by preventing fast comebacks. Humor becomes a construction rather than a free-flowing device (see Office, Arrested Development). <br /> <br /> This leads to my next point: The mood is boring. There is no way to make a perfect character any more than a little humorous (without a laughing track apparently) simply because our daily humor comes from acknowledging our mistakes. So what if Monica dated a 17-year-old? She immediately recognizes that what she is doing is not true and breaks with him. There must be some kind of conflict rather than an immediate solution. Perhaps her mother finds out, or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and ends up seducing him. It would be great, it would be like a custody battle! So now I have presented proof of my position. Many of my friends love this show because they haven't heard of Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development, many of my friends hate this show because they recently began to see Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development. <br /> <br /> I've seen very little of "Friends" in my life, but I've seen enough to see big mistakes that make the show, in my opinion, totally unappealing. If you've read this long, thank you, and I hope you at least start to see some of the shows I've mentioned.
