The Last Station, director Michael Hoffman's melodrama about the last months of Leo Tolsty's life, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a composition at Yasnaya Polyana, takes trips and writes and is seen by his wife and supporters of his "movement," people dedicated to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence, and common property, who have gathered in a forest camp not far away. His wife Sophia (Helen Mirren) is openly waging with the leader of her movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), which she claims in her efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights to her works against the Russian people trying to steal that wealth is owed her to her husbands imminent death. To observe all this is Tolstoy's new steward, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive supporter torn between his love of man and concern for his wife. Hoffman's script, based on the novel by Jay Parini, often jumps into confused territory and builds a complicated twist of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately do not settle satisfactorily. The scope of the film is magnificent and its history should reverberate like Tolstoy, whose beliefs in some ways foreshadowed both the Bolsheviks and those of pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately it is not, it is un-unpickable, building with many gusto confrontations that constantly ravelling out in nothing. The three-way relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia, and the incredible Tolstoy, for example, is often referred to. In the last section of the film, a muddy pastor even shows a magnificent hat, but the manuscript never expands beyond the inability to insert it into history as an attempt to enrich it or express some historical accuracy. There are lots of details in the movie, but there is not enough attention for most of them, and consequently the movie feels messed up, overloaded, energetic but unfortunately meaningless. <br /> <br /> In the heart is the love story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and the story which is confusing and cramped as it is, is the reason to watch the movie. Mirren and Plummer are not surprisingly the best things in the movie. Plummer's Tolstoy is vague, promptly confused and determined, worried and full of joy and security. Mirren's Sophia is in full panic in a fair foam, forced to see and expected to be dumb, as her husband gives away his time, his belongings and his money to people who are undoubtedly devoted to him, but also clearly in possession their own agendas. They are amazing performances, the more so the great divide between the true meaning of the couple's place in history and the manuscript's ability to support it, both Sophia and Tolstoy appear to have been lost in the film of Mirren and Plummer alone, both Do best they can out of what is bad material there. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, are unable to do the same, and Giamatti's Chertkov does not seem to be either a revolutionary or a thief (and not both immediately), but rather a cipher, a standpoint for a whole package of unsolved worries and interrupted historical impulses. The scale of this thing never boils down to anything it hitches together, passing by on the plums and the strength of the Mirren and not much else. It is interesting and beautiful, but ultimately unfulfilled. 4.5 / 10
