Unlike my fellow reviewers, I always try to find something redeeming in any movie I see. Yes, the quality of copying and lighting is eerie, the play is wood, and the opening sequence is very misleading with all the great female lesbian vampires with blood drops. something must be lost in the translation of the word "blood sugar" from Italian into the title; Almost as if the producers were originally supposed to film a gothic vampire story and then change their minds but could not afford to give up their dramatic opening order, then it hit the film anyway. <br /> <br /> This movie made in 1975 has recently been released on DVD and comes with its own theater trailer, which in some respects is more bold than seen in the movie! Now everyone who buys this movie is probably already reading their synopsis anyway and knowing what to expect - Italian mid-1970s softporn. I bought it because I am attracted to Christa Nelli (most often credited as "Krista Nell"). The absence of a cast of characters I find most frustrating in many of these Eurosleaze films from the 60s and 70s. had hoped Imdb would show cast of characters as one hears their names in the movie, but without a cast list, it is very difficult to link them to that actor. I think Krista Nell played "Cora" but under the massive hairstyle, costume and makeup it is difficult to distinguish her safely. <br /> <br /> There is mostly a two-dimensional depiction of the actors in their parts and no one really stands out. Perhaps something is lost in the copying process. What were the positive points? the music was atmospheric and of course if you are in beautiful lesbian soft porn there is. The external sites that were used were good and I would like to know where they filmed the castle on the island. It is said to have been put in "Ireland" (North or Republic?) In 1902, so all sports time pieces costumes. Some of the scenes I found inadvertently fun especially the sex scenes !! anyway, an enjoyable treasure. I rated it 4/10.
