This incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girl classmates) who lead a giant robot to defend Japan from invading creatures called angels. There is very little explanation for the angels, or why their number has risen in recent times, and they just seem to be jumping out of nowhere, without apparent reason (why not attack all at once rather than at recessed intervals that suit people you try to destroy?). The scenes of the robot battle try to use a number of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring. Almost every episode acts as a waste of space where nothing of interest occurs. <br /> <br /> Some may be fascinated by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic references in it, but that's all they are - shallow one-liners for religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly thrown into zero craft . The series as a whole is incredibly boring because of the superficial character of the character, which is really nothing more than self-consciously crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplified conflicts like "I hate my father" repeated over and over and over and over and over without any progress beyond their face value. It is not exaggerating to say that these characters overthrow this series from time-consuming mediocrity to angry waste during the last episodes of their endless, dreadful diatribes of excessively repetitive psycho-mobiles (some of which are completely meaningless). <br /> <br /> I don't say when I say that this series just got worse and worse when it evolved. Every day I want to look at the DVD that sits on my living room table and say to myself, "Damn, I have to look at the next episode at some point. (Suk) I might as well go through another tonight. " The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, but they could somehow hand over to a totally uninteresting drill party within the opening 10 minutes. This comes from a guy who will happily sit through 150 minutes of glacial pacing movies, so my criticism of this series is most amazing. <br /> <br /> Never throughout my life have I despised to see a series as much as "gospel". I had already bought it based on all the fanatical comments on IMDb, and I would certainly not let it gather dust after spending my hard earned money. What followed was 10 hours of clean, unmitigated torture. My love / hate relationship with anime becomes a hate / love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster. "Evangelion" represents all that anime should not be - massive amounts of dull, pretentious panties under the guise of intelligent cinema. The universal recognition for this piece of shit is simply incredible; and the ridiculous claims of fans that this series as "one of mankind's greatest achievements" is probably the most stupid comment I've ever heard of IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
