I occasionally see some of this show because my wife sometimes looks at it. I try to enjoy it for the basic idea that helps a needy family, but several factors get in my way. Each episode follows the same format, where many parts seem to be completely scripted (as they are) and tears seem to flow in cue. Attempting to manipulate the viewer with a mix of emotional breakdown and sad music is a real treat for me. The fact that everyone who donates something to the house, be it Sears or whoever has to join himself to be generous, is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with it all is that what needs to be huge amounts of money and a small army of workers combine to build an amazing over the top home for a single family. Now I know that this sum of money is nothing but a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but how much more can be done for more people with the amount they spend on a house? Instead of focusing on a family and getting them all crying during the episode, why not help 10 families and show highlights? Isn't life hard enough for the average person? Why do I need help finding things to be sad about, why not show something really inspiring without being manipulative? I know what is being done for these families is good, but they are also used for reviews. You can't tell me they aren't being trained sometimes about the cries. I guess when I see these people moving into a home that most hard-working in the United States can't afford their children, it's really disruptive to me. I can't help thinking about what could really be done with a small portion of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat screen TV or personal shower that tells you the water temperature and shoots out of the ceiling, why not help more people get food, clothing, education, and health insurance? I know so we can be entertained and have a good cry. With regard to money, I feel the same about Oprah. I don't think anyone can actually experience the amount of money she possesses. Yes, her latest reality show did good things, but when she gave $ 30,000 to each loser "contestant," I sit here thinking ... it's a year's salary for many, many people ... if they are lucky. Don't let me get started on battle shows. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition "does good," but forgive me if I see it as more self-service than giving of itself. Does anyone out there feel the same?
