I am a Christian, and I say that this film had horrible plays, unreal situations, and a whole facade front for Christianity. You might as well see "Remember Titans" and at least don't mix Christ in a football movie as a formal steroid for losers. Let me make some really urgent comments on what bothered me in this movie. <br /> <br /> 1. The school was in Georgia and was a white academic school. I did not notice a single black student or play in school. I deal with the white "Christian" academies in the south and they were built for no other reason than to restore segregation. This is disturbing when the film is about Christianity and Christ who changes life ... how about changing the hearts of the segregation? (Note: I loved the token black coach, as it consisted of the all-white team and all the black 'Giants' players.) 2. The uncritical recognition of all Christians about this movie. Can I get a few people to say that it was bad acting, poor filming, poor writing and briefly poor compared to other movies. If we were to compare this with another football movie, would it have the same charisma and energy? <br /> <br /> 3. The half-baked Christianity that was shown made me even less sensible than the unrealistic end. If Christianity is about just reading a little scripture and asking to begin a complete life change, then do not wonder when no one will listen to what Christians have to say. We will sell Christ as a healing. He doesn't have to sell, and he doesn't have to be attached to such whimsical lifestyle. No wonder everyone considers Christianity to be anti-intellectual with this unreal presentation. <br /> <br /> I recognize that this movie can be inspiring for a few people. For most, it won't be. It will not give a true picture of struggle and intense tension. Most important to me it is not Christian in any way or stretch. It has values, but it becomes short as a "pull-up-by-the-bootstraps" message as shallow as positive thinking. If you live with people who are struggling and / or those in third world living conditions, this movie will be hollow as most churches are today in their religion.
