This movie is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD !! It is the same kind of juicy sacred religious drive you get from the bow idiots fighting for Jesus or pumping iron to Jesus. Yes, Jesus was a total buffet, liked contact sports, and certainly owned a complete set of stupid bells. Duhhh! This movie should have been titled "Walk to Jesus" or something like that, just to let the public know that the real intention of this movie is to transform people into Christianity and to pander to those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed. in the blood of the lamb. The title is derived from the Bible is clarified when the head coach reads his Bible and asks for help from Jesus. The latest sports movie "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than this was, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just a desire and determination of a person with a dream. Any broad appeal as an inspirational motion picture is ultimately lost in the midst of all the obvious biblical and sacred religious propaganda. You get the impression that only message is the only way you can succeed and gain positive is if you accept Jesus as your personal Savior. But it is simply not true, and therefore it is a lie that is persecuted by those who believe it to be true and want everyone else to believe it. The picture of the winning athlete who thanks Jesus when he wins, comes directly into the mind. What does he do when he loses? Does He Curse Jesus? Of course not! When he loses Jesus, he is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. And the logic goes around and around and it ends exactly where the true believer needs it every time !! I had to pause when the stage with the coach received a whole new truck came on so I could stop rolling on the floor and grinning my ass and mocking. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see a Jesus fish on the back of a large gas stream SUV passing me as if I were standing still . <br /> <br /> Another message that this movie entails is that Jesus apparently cares more about the victory of a mediocre high school as he does about the millions of starving children in the world. The final scene where the insecure and insecure kicker supports a 51-yard field goal and it is hyped up as an incredibly incredible miracle puts the last gag with a spoonful of religious red flag on this turkey. I gave it only three stars because the guy who played the black coach could actually act.
