I have been scolded and despised by fellow Christians to say my disappointment at this movie. I get hounded by statements like these: "I can't believe you didn't like it! It was made entirely by Christians!" "Everyone donated their time and no one was paid for the movie! It was made by a church and not Hollywood. We had to spend our money on movies like this! They only spent $ 100,000 to make the movie." "This is a true church and Christian school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed it." So it's apparently the reason why I should love this movie simply because of the way it was made and the least amount of money used to do it, and it's done by Christians. That's all I need to love the movie. <br /> <br /> See, I have the movie without knowing anything about the background of the movie. I had never heard of it and had no idea - other than football - what it was about. I saw it as if I was looking at another movie and was disappointed. I was disappointed with the vicious editing and lame script. I was very disappointed with the decision for climax. Do not worry. There have been other cheap films and other EXPENSIVE films that have earned less respect from me. It's not about making the movie. It's the end product. The author acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything we ask in the way we want, but he would show by believing God is changing our lives. It is true. But God can change our lives and we are still barren. God can change our lives and we do not get a journey from our job. God can change our lives, and our car is still an old jealousy. God can change our lives, and our house is still smelly. Why didn't he portray it in the movie? Others expressed their concern about the author / instructor about the case, but he was apparently defensive. I didn't think the play was terrible or many of the landscapes. I like the idea of ​​going to God and acknowledging his amazing power and our weakness. Writing and directing was very weak. It is easy to distinguish between this because many of the characters have no development. All we really get from the coach's wife is that she's not pregnant (well until the end of the movie). It looks like there were only ball players who had the potential to have an interesting character, and it was cut to pieces "I have a curly father and I can't play football well, but I want to kick the winning field goal myself although I have never kicked a real field goal before. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. Umm, I have been working for two Christian schools, went to myself and has had many nieces and nephews in other Christian schools. All in all, I have had some close ties with about ten different. None of the problems I have seen in all these schools were addressed. I saw this as totally surreal in the movie about their school and wished they had shown the human factor. It would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how God can work. I would like to say that every work - whether written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's world view. The world view that was shown me in this movie is made up of "People who ask the right way to win ball games, get new cars, think when they couldn't, get a trip and get their house fixed - all in a short time span. " I know. I should love the movie because of the sincerity of the people who did it. I think I should love the movie because it was well done and for no other reason.
