Interestingly, 90% of the highest voice reviews are all covered by "* random username *" from "USA" (no state's pride ??), all of which say more or less exactly the same thing with exactly the same grammatical style and all with exactly the same complete lack of flavor in film. I would dive into this suspicious trend, but unfortunately it is a review of the movie, not the reviews itself. Let me start by saying that I am both a Christian and a true avid movie fan. This means that I have seen many movies from good to bad and can wholeheartedly claim that Facing The Giants is not really a good movie. It has good intentions, but fails to meet many (if any) basic standards that I associate with a quality movie experience. <br /> <br /> The acting: Mostly awful, nice at best. The hearing that most people apparently were volunteers at all didn't even mind me. <br /> <br /> Dialogue: Bloody, cheesy, script comes out as a long version of something cheesy rubbish you would see done in Sunday school or youth group function. Rave Review Robots enjoy in the absence of "meaningless words", but the cold hard truth is that such words are part of the real world and the complete lack of it is tangible. Let's just say that the average ol 'head coach of a team in a state championship game would have much more to say than "OH NO!" when things do not go their way. <br /> <br /> The Plot: At least bogglingly predictable. It has been noted that this movie is "not a Hollywood cliché" and yet it is as if it was drawn directly from Making An Underdog Sports Movie For Dummies (including the mandatory quasi-romantic subplot to the ladies) and just one Christian-themed layer of paint slipped on it. I do not lie or jump when I say that almost every major detail in both the plot and the subplot had fixed immediately after their start. Only a person who has never seen a decent sports movie throughout their lives would be emotionally touched by the story here. <br /> <br /> The Executive / Editing: It was also patterned almost exactly after the generic Underdog Sports Film template. Yet there were not many noticeable goofs, so at least Facing The Giants was technically competent. Message: Ask Jesus and he will give all your desires. Part of me hoped that this movie would end in the team's possible defeat to really emphasize the whole "If we lose, we praise you" part, because in the real world you will fail at some point and it is good to Be prepared for it. But in the world of Facing The Giants, if you fail, it is clear that someone is either screwing up or cheating. Another interesting question is what if the ears came across another team that had received religion? Would they be caught in an endless circle of miraculous plays and last minute saves, or would the universe simply explode? Bottom Line: For the hardcore conservative Christian parents who regret Hollywood's evil, Facing The Giants will be another mediocre-best Christian movie to hold onto a pedestal as the preferred model for modern film production. For everyone else, the effects will vary from boredom to a burning desire to see something else. And a warning: Any attempt to show this to non-Christians will not lead to repentance, but to spear. I give these two stars, one for the scene that didn't have me rolling my eyes, and another for basic technical skill on a low budget.
