I watched this movie in youth group, where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife sat down over it. Then some grown-up couples at a church-related Christmas party got bogged down in giving a copy of this movie to each family, and now my household is stuck in the movie (though fortunately it's still in its shrink). I shouted bitter tears over these sad events, and here's why: First, this movie has good intentions, especially if you're a Christian like me. This movie tries to show that you have to put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, isn't it? Eh. It turns out to be a problem - a big one. This film is made by a church, so of course each problem must be treated as tastefully as possible to Christians. It's all black and white, no gray areas. The grace and will of God in this movie is a predictable thing, and it immediately comes to all those who do His commandments. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. This is not the Christian life I know of. The God I believe in is a strong and trustworthy God, but He is not one who gives my every wish. I follow him as well as I can, although it is often difficult to go but the football team in this movie finds their humility and self-control much easier than anyone should ever find it. I can't relate to cardboard cuts that flip from bad side to good side during some structured movie scenes. And as I follow his commandments as described in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself blessed in blessing as these figures do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I've done the right thing; everything else comes with long, messy, hard work. But take the example in this movie set: Grant Taylor coaches the soccer team at Shiloh Christian School, who has had 6 lost seasons in a row. He can lose his job over it and he and his wife have little money as it is. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him he is sterile. Oh, and his car doesn't work. And boys on his football team are disrespectful to their parents, whiny after their millions of losses and bad on the fired field goals. This is certainly a merged community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides he'll trust God for everything! And he leaves his faith to his team. So far so good. Not long. As they begin to obey, literally bless them. Suddenly, students cease to respect their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team begins to win each game; they even win the big championship against the toughest team in the league! Coach Taylor's job is reassured; the school gets him a shiny new truck as a gift (which, incidentally, is the epitome of superficial, fair weather workers); he gets a trip; his wife (get this) even gets pregnant from his sterile sperm! And the thin child manages to kick his first darn field goal right when it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord etc. Etc. ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ in such a carved and dry way. Yes, there have been miracles aplenty in my family, as well as gifts and creatures comfort, and I attribute them to the grace and love of God. But God is no faucet that you turn on and off by being good or bad! He is basically a mystery; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you don't need them, but you really do. It is a long and hard hit on the path of fulfillment, and things never show as you thought they would. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But because of its sovereign primacy and total escapism, it tanks enormously to a 1/10. The bad actors and sports movie clichés seem to be pure pimples next to the leper lies that this film unintentionally pushes. <br /> <br /> For all your future churches planning to make a movie: Don't be afraid to show REAL life, even add some inconvenient truths to the mix. But the very bases of the population are wowed by this cotton candy treat, no one has learned anything significant from it. Give us the meat, the bones, the right things! Real life applies to everyone, not just Christians, and that is one aspect, "Facing the Giants," failed to understand.
