It seems to me that some of the films that have been banned during the movie history were actually very important and very good movies. I would argue that the censors, instead of banning challenging controversial movies, should consider banning movies that are so bad that they pose a threat to your IQ and your beauty. If they were to do so, one of the first movies that were quickly hidden away would undoubtedly be "Stroker Ace". This movie is horrible with a capital 'A'. It's the worst movie that Burt Reynolds has ever played in .... a great success for a man with "Cannonball Run II", "Cop And A Half" and "Rent-A-Cop" on his CV! <br /> <br /> The wafer-thin story introduces us to a successful stem cell racer stroker ace (Reynolds), a man who loves fast cars and fast women. He is stuck in a declining contract with crooked promoter Clyde Torkle (Ned Beatty). The contract requires him to do some humiliating promotional work for a new chain of fast food restaurants, such as dressing up as a giant chicken. Thrown into the mix is ​​Lugs (Jim Nabors), Ace's dim-witted pal, and Pembrook Feeney (Loni Anderson), a bimbo with a brain fractionally smaller than a pea wooed by Ace. <br /> <br /> Formerly a stuntman, Hal Needham, director of this low-grade waste, made many films that relied on their expertise in creating spectacular stunts and cargo / races. Some of these movies were OK, like "Hooper" and "Stunts Unlimited", but with "Stroker Ace" when he made a career nadir. The characters are so stupid that you actually feel sorry for the actors who play them. Anderson is particularly saddled with such a stupid role that it causes you to paint your teeth with despair. The mood is weak and infantile all the way through, and stunts and race sequences are inappropriate. Even the away team during the final credits (found in all the Reynolds-Needham collaboration) are generally unfunny, giving the impression that the movie might not be much fun. "Stroker Ace" is a considerable size stinker.
