Scarecrows is one of the movies that, with a little more acting, a little more direction and much more history logic, would have been quite convincing as a horror entry. As it stands, it is still a creepy film that has solid make-up and make effects, and a prerequisite that maintains the mood of terror in spite of itself. And hello, there are no teenagers being killed one by one - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change in pace. And the plot line is incredibly similar to Dead Birds, with a falling robbery, an abandoned ghost house in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But like the dead birds, the adults are still unclear, they run around wisely before being slaughtered one by one, and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> However, in scarecrows, we never find the supernatural why, and it maintains the atmosphere of fragility. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; unless they resemble Ray Bolger of course. Escaping in a hijacked plane with the pilot and his daughter, after an ass netting millions, a para-military bunch is double crossed by one of their own; a very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with the big and heavy box that holds the money with apparently no plans on how to move it around when on the ground. Being the stupid of the pile, he is first murdered. But not before he takes place on the Fowler residence, it is close to lots of really scary looks of scarecrows and surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and many warnings to stay away. And the strange weather on the roof, with pitchfork and pterodactyl, should also have been a warning sign. The inside of the house is also quite vain (to us in the audience, anyway). Annoyingly, we listen to Burt's thoughts in voice-over as he walks around and mysteriously comes across the key to the rugged truck in the yard. The way the key pops up would be enough to get my pants - with me in them - flying out the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy watching people's lips move on the screen, even when they're just thinking loudly. It helps intensify the action and gives the actor more to do than just look like what the voice-over says. Burt lifts the box on the truck and makes his escape. Why not? falling trucks always have plenty of gas in them, especially with today's prices and the battery? No problem. Now I mentioned that Burt was the stupidest of the pile, and here's why (besides the above, of course). By using night vision goggles to go through the foliage and find the house, he takes them off to drive the truck away, and instead the headlights turn on to see where he is going. Of course, the bad guys still move in the plane the headlights on his truck and know where he is going. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Definitely. I'm not sure why he needed night vision goggles in the first place, as each scene is heavily illuminated, from the layout of the plane, to the night time outside the stage and the house. The cinematographer was either a. Myopic, b. Just outside the school or c. Dealing with really cheap movie trunk. <br /> <br /> Burt meets his death when the truck dies in the middle of the sky. Go figure. A very nice print, and I must admit, a couple in the film, is the fact that when he opens the truck's lid, there is no engine. Creepy, to be sure (and put pants comment again here). History logic fails when dead, now-filled-as-a-flunder-with-money-and-straw-burt returns to the house. The rest of the pile is there, tearing it up, then realizing that he is actually dead, and was cleaned and filled like a scrub with money and straw. Dead Burt, however, manages to make a whole fight and grabs a man by the mouth and pushes him through a window and makes him bite more than he could chew in a gorylicious scene. At this point you would think they would run out of the house and back to the plane - but no, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt-dead episode is treated pretty much, even though a light bulb in the pile claims, "Burt went around the death of the chrysanthemums!" The stolen money suddenly appears on the grounds outside the house, and the bad guys blithely go for bait. Soon another of them, Jack, is sent and again the scene is well finished and horrific, involving a dull hand saw and no anethesia. Now there are three scarecrowers who are about to destroy chaos, and one of them needs a hand, literally. <br /> <br /> When one of the villains sees the scarecrows and Jack becomes scarecrow, he begins to scream, run away like hell and shoot his gun in typical para-military fashion. So much for everything that trains under pressure. He meets with the others and stops in his tracks to explain why he screams, runs away like hell and shoots from his gun even though the scarecrows seem to be chasing him. Again, the script logic thing ... Death and cleaned, Jack returns to the house, and goes for the screamer with the usual results. By the way, if you listen to Jack's demonic grim, you may notice, depending on your age, the same monster-grabbing sound that is often heard in the episodes of Lost In Space TV. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors drive away from the house and back to the plane, barely escaping. But do they? You have to watch the movie to find out.
