I saw SCARECROWS because of the buzz around it. Well, I can't imagine anyone who likes this movie because it's just bad, bad, bad. It is obvious that the one who made this movie does not know a single thing about horror. The whole story is a failed marriage of two genres: action movies (weapons and criminals) and horror (live scarecrowers). When the criminals are killed one by one poky looking for scarecrows, the two genres automatically cancel each other because first of all they are criminals and who cares for criminals and secondly because they are stupid criminals to start! Having zombie scammers go after them just doesn't work here. Where's the danger in that? I wanted the criminals to die horrible, painful deaths. <br /> <br /> But history is so heavily constructed that this marriage of genres, which could have been original, if they handle well, NEVER gills. We are simply back with a bunch of super close criminals and a bunch of scarecrowers who are "alive" no matter how scary the movie makers thought. To make matters even worse is that the cinematography is horrible (TV like) and, worse off all, the whole groups of the dialogue are told about the central banks, and we constantly hear inan dialogue talking about decoupled images as if we see some kind of radio show. This part was really bad. The director should have been shot on the spot to come up with such a stupid idea! I can't tell you how annoying it was. <br /> <br /> As I have already mentioned, the criminals in SCARECROS are incredibly stupid. For example, when someone suddenly discovers, gutted and stuffed with money and straw (yep, straw) in his large open wound, the others ask "What drug is he on?" after they shoot lots of bullets in him, unable to kill him (he has become "zombiefied" by scarecrowers. Don't ask ...). Get a freaking clue, morons. I have never seen such stupid people in a movie. And then there is the girl. I wanted one of the scarecrows to have killed her quickly because she had a pain in the row. When she finds that her father has been victorious on a scarecrow cross, she actually blames criminals in an embarrassing scene (bad acting), even though the criminals could not have done so. What a dimwit she was! But the scarecrows are the biggest weakness in this very weak flick. They are not scary. Nothing is explained about them. They are just a plot unit in this plot unit filled movie. <br /> <br /> Mr Wesley, filming the face of a scarecrow for 30 seconds nonstop evokes nothing but sheer boredom. And the scene with the talking head in the fridge. Thanks for the laughter. All in all, this had to be one of the worst movies I've seen recently (and I've seen many movies these days!) Between the equally evil SILO KILLER or SCARECROWS, I'd rather look at SILO KILLER again. Yes, SCARECROWS is so bad.
