You get a gift. It is exquisitely wrapped. The box it is in is handmade out of the finest wood and shows skills down to the smallest detail. It is then wrapped in beautiful paper, handmade and hand-painted by the most talented artists. The whole thing is packed in ribbons made of fine silk lace. It's a sight to see. <br /> <br /> Then you cut the tape, scratch the paper, open the box and find ... nothing. It's toys. You can either enjoy the packaging or forget it. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without its point and purpose: War is not a good thing. Well, it's not the original one! The moral is so obvious that it is almost embarrassing to even point it out. And even the faint insight is undermined by a story in which especially war war toys are clearly a bad thing until they need an exciting climax, and the movie simulates a war using innocent toys. It's as if someone is preaching a strict, discouraging sermon only to stop saying "Just fun." <br /> <br /> But even as an empty box, the movie fails to control closely. Yes, it is a sight to see with some remarkable, striking images. The sets are imaginative, and the cinematography captures the colorful scenes with skill. But the pictures are cold and emotionally sterile. Like the manuscript, the film's appearance is joyless and sometimes aesthetically unfruitful and surreal. It is a movie that will praise toys as wonderful and special things, but show them to be creations of a world that is empty and cold. The film strives to be fun, in a morose way, but humor is forced and artificial. Robin Williams, as the besieged heir to a toy production empire, casts in his ad lib, which only seems alien to the bizarre, cold-structured world he inhabits. In fact, the current references and tasteless sexual induendo that are scattered throughout, are contradictory to the childish fate that the film is vaguely trying to be. For this movie to work or make sense, it must be set in its own universe, an Oz remote from Kansas. Every time the jokes move us back to reality, the movie's toyland is becoming increasingly blatant. It is said that this was director Barry Levinson's pet project, which he had been trying to make for ten years. Unfortunately, it is obvious why he had trouble getting support. Like most pet projects that are finally made (RADIOLAND MURDERS, RADIO FLYER & BATTLEFIELD: EARTH are good examples) it seems to be a blind spot in the filmmakers' field of vision. Perhaps Levinson directed and redirected TOYS so often in the head that he did not have a fresh vision for it when he finally came on the sound. He had already perfected it to death. <br /> <br /> Many of the toys featured in the film are clumsy, mechanical, wind-up monstrosities. Then the movie itself.
