Ridiculous fluff that connects his mistake by trying to make sense. Joan, this time as congresswoman, Agatha Reed, chairman of a committee dedicated to "examining the high cost of food." King Reed says: "The housewife has got it in the neck for a long time. She's all business, but gets scary when she gets an honors degree from Good Hope College where she was expelled for the crime of staying all night (the parallel with Joan's real life is unmistakable here as it is in all Joan Film) . The degree causes much confusion on campus ("It would make it the widest institution in the history of education!")? But Joan is unaware of this when she comes. University President Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, is, by his most beautiful case, Joan's former teacher? and love. It was with * him * that she spent the night all these years ago, but Joan thought it was better to just disappear instead of trying to explain to the skeptical college that they were getting married. Of course, this high-profile event will be covered by * Life * magazine ?? and who shows the photographer to be? Yet another of Joans old lovers ?? the one she was associated with in China "during the war" and he thinks Joan could be on his way to trouble with his old flame. Eve Arden, plays Joan's assistant, "Woodie," is with her butcher and most smart-alecky in this movie ?? with her flipping and unnecessary remarks that would make you dismiss her from her job if you didn't like her so much. But you don't just look like Eve in this, as in all her roles, you love her. She is so droll and no-nonsense, you want to pay her just to hang around and be one of the boys. When Joan cries on arrival at her alma mater, Eva tells her that it "looks hard." But Joan says others might just see a collection of buildings, she, Joan, see youth? itself at 18 "eager, expectantly a little scared, ask" What is life? What am I? "" But of course, if we actually go into the depths of Joan at 18, the truth may be a little different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the biggest problem in seeing any Joan movies. You can call her characters whatever you want, but it's always Joan all the time. So, since we always see Joan being himself, it is easy to do without the character's names. It's just that it gets confusing when Joan tries to tell us something patented untrue, like her description of herself at 18 ?? When we know that at 18 o'clock Joan had already been around the block several times. Many men would have described her as eager, and as far as she was expecting, she had already had several abortions at this time. But it is a personal problem and I go down, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "and so do Joan?" this or that or "we see yes as ..." when we do not literally see a home video. <br /> <br /> There is an unintentional hilarious moment when Joan gets the Clara Bow doll, she left behind in college ?? Fast arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and this is a transparent trick to make us believe Joan is much younger than she actually looks. It fails. What also fails is an attempt at political correctness in the early 50s. In history, Joan has written a free speech book and made a movie (no, not the one about plumber), and she draws attention from an early 50's campus radical, dr. Pitt, who is being fired for his views, is shockingly similar to Joan's. This is where the film becomes a mysterious story of morality, a weak, to be sure, but perhaps the only thing that keeps it from slipping into oblivion.
