This movie was so bad I don't know if I should laugh or cry. I had great hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year I participated in Horrorfest, and I have to say Horrorfest and all her films are making false advertising on a whole new level. Food kudos to advertisers because I'm sure they tricked many people into spending money and watching those movies that year. Hamiltons were easily the worst of them I've seen (the others I saw were turmoil, dark ride and reincarnation). The movie deck and trailer made it seem like a family of cannibals who terrorized the neighborhood, which I thought was a pretty interesting plot, to only be disappointed at the end of discovering that it was some 'old age' tale of a boy's transition to be a vampire. That is why drama prevails over any sense of horror in this movie. And to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add in a set of horny twins who can't wait to take a "bite" out of each other and some deadly creatures locked in the basement as if I had discovered what it "had The secret not been revealed at the end of the movie, I would have left the theater halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> Complete waste of time and money Cut out forty minutes of this movie and make it an episode on some Shows like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and it would have gotten more praise than this. Absolutely rubbish! So bad that two years later I have to come back to IMDb and write a review about it because it still stands out in my memory As one of the worst movies I have ever seen, even while reading this, you remove the rest of the Horrorfest movies in the future, the most you can do is rent them from Blockbusters or watch it online for something Horrorfest has films from inauguration Any movie creators who can't handle it on the big screen, and all that is about "things they don't show you in theaters," they don't refer to blood or intestines or horror ... they referred to the movies themselves. Because they are terrible. Think of Horrorfest as a less famous version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. <br /> <br /> Sorry for everyone they 'hate' but next time think twice before cheating customers out of their money.
