Hamiltons tells the story of the four Hamilton siblings, teenager Francis (Cory Knauf), twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) & Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) & Elder David (Samuel), now a surrogate parent. Hamilton's moving house a lot, Franics is unsure why and is dissatisfied with the way things are. The fact that his brother's sister kidnapped, imprisoned and murdered people in the basement also doesn't help relax or calm Francis's nerves either. Francis knows is just not right, and when he finally finds out the truth, things will never be the same again ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores as the Slagter brethren (who are only other film directors' credit so far is April Fool's Day (2008) remake, said enough) This was one of 'Movies to die for' in 2006 After Dark Horrorfest (or whatever it is called) & in Keeping With virtually all the others I have seen, I thought The Hamilton's was totally total & total crap. I found the character's really poor, very unlikely & the slow moving story failed to catch my imagination or maintain my interest over it being 85 and a half minutes for a long 86 minute duration. There is the horrible twist at the end, which made me laugh out loud, this is the really great continuous build for what is inside a closet in Hamilton's basement, and it has gradually been revealed to be a little boy with a teddy. Should it really scare us? Should it really shock us? Is it really something that should make us talk about what the end-credit rolls on? Is a harmless leader young boy the best "twist" ending decision makers could come up with? The boring plot goes by, it is never clear where Hamiltons get all their money to buy new houses, since neither of them seems to work (except David in a slaughterhouse and I doubt to pay much) or why they are not has been caught before now. The script tries to blend in daily drama with heavy horror, and it just makes a terrible job of combining the two to the extent that no aspect is memorable or effective. A really bad movie that I struggle to say something good about. <br /> <br /> Despite being written and directed by the extreme sounding butchers, there are no gore here, there are little bloodstains and a few scenes of girls chained in a basement, but nothing you couldn't do yourself Make at home with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a camcorder. The movie is also not scary, and since it has a very middle class class suburbs, there is no atmosphere or mood. There is a lesbian and suggest a creepy kiss, but The Hamiltons is low on the exploitation scale and there is not much here for the horror crowd. Filmed in Petaluma in California this has the modern low budget look about it, it's not badly made but pretty forgettable. The action of an unknown (to me) cast is nothing to write home about & I cannot say that I have ever felt anything for anyone. <br /> <br /> Hamiltons commit to the cardinal sin of being both boring and boring as it never restores. Add to it an ultra thin story, no gore, a rubbish ending & sign is who you don't give a throw about & you have a movie that didn't impress me at all.
