Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's set in Hawaii, it's a drama of action / adventure crime, lots of scenes have both boat and palm trees and polyester fabric and garish shirts ... it's even the star actor "Zulu" in a supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes must be some undercover agent, and the support support is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed at that time and had been running for years. It followed the demand for Hawaii-based criminal drama quite adequately. Code Name: Diamond Head may have been calculated as hier to H50, as the older series gradually dropped ... but it comes across as a redundant, 2nd rate copy. It does not suck, but it is completely derived and does not do anything as good as the original. There is some decent working talent involved here. Thinnes is an old pro and he gives his role his best shot and he is not bad. But Thinnes is just as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as a vicious spy master named "Tree," and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in any scene he looks at. But he does call his role in here. Frances Ngyuen is a reasonably exotic look, but her amazing skinniness, opaque features, thick accent and wood deliveries are not the things that dreams are made of. Based on her delivering the 'romantic interest' for Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series aimed at white audiences brought up by Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our love goddess. Give her another 30 pounds and a year of dialogue / voice coach and she can cut it. Zulu is, well, his usual self-indulgent bit pieces, but he is not a person who can carry a function himself. <br /> <br /> Also, the plot and dialogue are strictly by the number, with nothing to distinguish them from any other Quinn Martin production. And by this time, the American TV supporter had seen a very large number of QM productions .... I think "CN: DH" was too many and it sank without a trace. It wasn't really the actors' fault, and I hope they went away from this with a decent pay slip and another post on their C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revived this for their treatment in their sixth season, and they had a lot of good natural fun with it. Worth finding out in that version if you enjoy the MST approach to filmjapery and lampoon, but I can't imagine anyone worrying about this pilot for any other reason.
