As others have mentioned, this movie corresponds to THE FLY (both versions) and the lesser-known sci-fi girls ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that the two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. METAMORPHOSIS did not have these benefits. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting science fantasy story that had the wrong people in charge of it and the wrong actors play the roles. The story follows the researcher Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man working on a genetic cure for aging and death. When the university works, he threatens to cut funds, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum itself. As a result, Dr. Houseman the rest of the movie slowly to a noble. And oh yes, seeing the good doctor go through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy. It's really so bad it's good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was it?" "A nightmare ... from the past!" Many of the reviews I've read for this point out how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie are. I just want to go ahead and pamper it: the good doctor goes from being a pushing half-man, a half-dove to being what seems to be a man in a rejected Godzilla costume when the police finally avert him. In the final scene, some uncomfortable child with a small animal horn, which he claims will never die, is seen, and the film's heroine Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) clearly decides that the little lizard is the final incarnation of Dr. Houseman. The camera gives us a close-up of the lizard's face; this I assume the director's way of showing us that the lizard is evil. Yes, it's cool, but I was laughing, so I can't complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of Chilling Classics 50 Movie Megapack that I bought. I am sure many of those who read this did the same, as the 50 package is the only way to watch this movie on DVD. If you've recently bought boxed sets and haven't seen this movie yet, it's really worth your time, even if I just ruined the end for you. It may also be possible to find this movie online for free.
