"Metamorphosis" holds a little bit of cult, simply because it is written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian blocker is more or less the personification of male sleaze and star in virtually every rancid Joe D'Amato production in the late 70s / early 80s. Wouldn't it be interesting for eager European-cult buyers to own the only movie directed by the guy who walked around with just-butted in "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead" all the time? I thought so! Unlike the films he recorded, Eastman's own "Metamorphosis" is a little disappointing in the Gore & Sleaze departments. There is a handful of ugly murders, osteic monster effects and naked female bodies (a guest appearance of sleaze queen Laura Gemser!) On the display, but it's mostly a talkative movie. The beautiful & eloquent Dr. Houseman is heading for a scientific breakthrough with his research on human DNA codes when the university he is suddenly working threatens to cancel his funds. He developed a theory to decode genes and block the human aging process, but if he does not come up with detailed reports soon, his research is stopped. So Dr. Houseman does what any intelligent researcher would do and injects the untested serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the title suggests), he slowly becomes a murderous monster that actually goes much faster! In other words, his research sucked! Like the other reviewers already mentioned, this movie lends many ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly"? the dramatic romance's subplot included - but does not add any originality from its own. The big difference is that you are constantly associated with Jeff Goldblum's character in "The Fly" while Dr. Houseman becomes another monster to be destroyed as soon as possible. The fast aging syndrome aspect also reminded me of Ruggero Deodato's unfortunately underestimated giallo "Phantom of Death", only the protagonist of that movie inherited the disease and did not inflict it on itself. However, the physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films. Get scared or excited to discover here, instead the movie contains lots of bad plays, poor lighting, miserable editing and a completely delayed climax to start. You are welcome to skip this one.
