If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you're looking for a movie that makes you laugh and forget about your problems. I don't think role models are the movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film centers around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) Two juice promoters going to schools that market the product tell kids to stay away from drugs and more juice. But Danny has the worst week ever and crashes his company car, with Wheeler in the seat next to him. He is soon ex-girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), a lawyer, manages to avoid having them imprisoned, by doing hours of community service, volunteering at a big brother called Sturdy Wings led by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is awarded to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old and has an evil mouth as if he were Chris Rock. Danny is awarded to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and fight as if he were in the Middle Ages. But will it be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they get better in prison? Okay, I'm not going to turn around in the bush, this movie was very uncomfortable in many ways. In particular, the Ronnie character, who heard the bad words that came out of a young child, was very shocking. If he was a little older, it wouldn't have that much. I mean what his parents think when signing him for this. Elizabeth Bank's character is so opaque, maybe I should feel bad for her character, but I didn't feel anything because she's annoyingly predictably portrayed as a woman who would be played in these types of comedies. And Jane Lynch, who's the worst of the worst. She delivers the most overactive performance ever. Plays a former drug addict who seems like she is still on drugs. Listening to her gives all that annoying dialogue, making me throw my head up against the wall. Seann William Scott again plays another Stifler as a character, he should really try to separate himself, and this movie will not. And the more Scott tries to be hard to be fun, that's what prevents him from being fun. <br /> <br /> By contrast, Paul Rudd is separate from the others in the movie because he manages to deliver a solid performance, even though he is not grinning, but he is the most interesting character from the rest. Cause Rudd doesn't go over and try not so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse can be seen. But the rest of the movie is so stupid, it sometimes fetches. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It is a reminder that these types of comedies do not attempt anything new, which is the same, they take no chances. Role models are an example of that.
