(Only minor spoilers except as mentioned). <br /> <br /> I recently enjoyed a very Spanish cinema; Both the actual Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar and the Latin American cinema of directors such as del Toro, whose stunning "Devil's Backbone" was set in civil war Spain, was the finest horror movie of the last decade. It is therefore not surprising that this film is both well-made, well-behaved and manages to maintain the very different Spanish atmosphere. But it is also so uncomfortable and meaningless a movie that one could hope not to see. What is the real purpose of all this? We have no real idea of ​​what caused the creepy central character to embark on his killing spree, despite the fact that large amounts of narrative voice-over are drawn directly from his own narcissistic journal. In a routine unpleasant opening order set more than a decade earlier, we see the key character killing his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and control reaction ("if I can't get you, no one can?"). Oddly enough, it may be one of the best sequences in the movie, but it has no noticeable relation to his subsequent killing spree, which works quite differently in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to cause this change? We have no idea, although we later discover, as an absurd kind of thought, that he has been given a degree in prison. In Britain, in several of our infamous "serial killer" or "sex killer" cases, the terrible question arises; What about the wife? Did she know or suspect what was going on? This is a question that this movie might have asked for, and the lady actually starts to appear as one of the more exciting characters. But banally, the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, she didn't." Even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on a record, the film still manages to bend it. Everything we actually get, outlined perfectly at the end, is her little amorous readiness to deposit the proceeds after the event. Compare this to the terrible revealing moment in Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says "you know what I mean?". thereby sealing one's own destiny and giving us a terrible insight into unimaginable cravings of suppressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (Major spoiler in this section). In the meantime, we have to believe that the killer himself is a criminal mastermind who at all leaves the police, thereby ensuring the shortest prisons in a mental hospital before being released so he can kill again. How did he achieve this? The reason becomes extremely sketchy at this time; something to do with deliberately leaving certain traces to the police; But how it all works or why, or how the subsequent trial actually continues, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> In fact, I don't think the serial killers are like this. The lamb's silence can be cartoon thing, but ?? Lecter aside ?? It gets its serial killers right. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, deeply inadequate people; not the scary charming mastermind shown here (closely related to The Last Horror Movie, or even Man Bites Dog, though it doesn't seem to have been noticed that it was a satire). <br /> <br /> This movie has a little excitement and bungles which little plot the plot could have generated. It has nothing useful to say about the motivation of serial killers, either in general or in Spain's specific cultural environment. This is nothing more than a badly stated excuse to show some rather misogynistic violence for women. And, oddly, what makes the violence even more repulsive is a certain price shortage of nerve even in how it is presented. The soft core character of what actually appears makes it just more repellent titillator. Only one explosive shot, properly timed, would have been infinitely more shocking and would have made the rest completely unnecessary, releasing more movie time to erode the holes in the plot and characterization. Instead, we only get endless shots of young women vulnerable scattered on a table in their beautiful, but easily revealing underwear. Very, very scary. I'm sorry to be rude; I love horror movies and can tolerate even the most extreme, to the extent of even worrying my partner. But I think anyone who finds this movie good or interesting, even I would find myself away. The purpose of a horror movie is to scare you; It's just great. <br /> <br /> It leaves a very bad taste in the mouth. I have to give this movie more than a star just because it is competent, but morally it deserves none and should never have been made.
