Disappearance is set in the Mojave desert as Jim (Harry Hamlin) & Patty Henley (Susan Dey) plus their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) & Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft), a family family traveling along, They stop at a roadside diner and ask for an old desert mining on the map called Weaver. No one claims to have heard of it, but it certainly is & the family decides to take a detour to check it out and take some pictures. Once in town they take some pictures and look around, but when it comes time to leave their car, they will not start and they will be staying there. As they look around, they find a camcorder that they only play to discover pictures of a scared woman who says all her friends have disappeared the next morning and their car has disappeared, as things take a very scary trip. What is Weaver's secret? Should Henley ever leave it alive ... Writing, co-executive produced and directed by Walter Klenhard I have to say that disappearance is one of the most frustrating movies I've ever seen. For the first 85 minutes, it was a pretty good mysterious mix of thriller and horror movies, but then we are treated to one of the only worst conclusions ever in film history. The scripture proposes many different things, but never elaborates or affirms & I was really fascinated by what was happening, from the family car mysterious disappearing, the four recent tombs, the case of the abandoned mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden & inexplicable disappearance of Ethan and his equally inexplicable resurrection, the Sheriff's outrageous motives, the compass of the car that got crazy, the crashed plane, the townspeople who refused Weaver existed, and the possible side effects of a neutron bomb were dropped near Weaver in the 40s but they are all thrown out of the window & for everything we know could have been completely separate random events. Everything came together nicely and was created for a great twist revelation, but none was forthcoming and instead I was treated to the most ambiguous, strange, surreal and accurate frustrating ending possible. If nothing else contradicts much of what has gone before and leaves the viewer more questions than answers. It is almost as if the decision makers had these good ideas, but then did not know what to do with them and did just one end of the place. I just felt that I was so much into watching the movie, which can be pretty slow at times without any kind of reward and actually ended up feeling more like a kick in the teeth or a good two-piece salute! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the large expansive desert sites give a good sense of isolation. It is well made, but what did they think about what ended? Nothing suits, nothing makes sense, and it's just a huge frustrating mess that, after sitting through things for almost an hour and a half, leaves you confused and wants to know more. Despite being a horror movie, there is no blood or gore, even if there are one or two scary moments here and there. In fact, the movie reminds of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) remake for big parts, as that is what the movie was created to be before a bizarre than, which does nothing to close the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations and movies. Seen in America, but filmed in South Australia. The play is fine from a decent cast. <br /> <br /> Decay is a really strange movie designed for a long time to be a nice little horror mystery thriller, but it never explains anything that happens and the really surreal ending just throws up more questions than reply. I really can't see anyone doing head or tail of this, I really can't.
