This production never really came out of the ground for me. The reason is so cut as uneven, and the production is so short that unless you have read the novel or experienced a better adaptation (like 1995 with Amanda Root), you will be a little lost, as there is no time for character development. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the throw fell short of what they should have been. Mrs Croft was far too old, as was Anne's oldest sister Elizabeth. In all such throbbing accents, Mary stated that the general triviality and selfishness of her character had been lost. Much better was Sophie Thompson's Mary, whose egoism and illusion are so well-known that then Wentworth suggests that Anne stays with the wounded Louisa and Mary objects that she, as Louisa's sister-in-law, should stay in, you can imagine someone less suited to doing so. In this version, she may as well stay because she is not sufficiently differentiated from others in the production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to look at, but he made a much better st. John Rivers 1995 Jane Eyre), probably because this character required less implied depth of emotion. I agree with the previous remarks on the gig scene: seemed more like he was trying to get rid of Anne than to make her an advantage. Likewise, the accident scene: It happens so quickly and with so little context, you wonder what everything about it is. And moving the speech that Wentworth overcomes in the short story to the beginning of this production is a critically erroneous track that only contributes to the script's uneven character. <br /> <br /> My other issue with this version was the lighting. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from CSI morgue - very very blue. Other times, the lighting was so bad that it was hard to clear the scene very well, as when Anne visits her old school friends, Mrs Smith (who, incidentally, must be paralyzed to Anne on the street to tell her about Mr Elliot's horrible Character was such a violation that for a moment I couldn't think who she was - I thought she was one of the musgrove girls, and she might as well have been. All the girls were pretty much replaceable. And the running scene at the end ... in an era where courtesy was at a premium, it's hard to imagine that gentle Anne tearing all of Bath as some demented altitude. How stupid can you get? It's too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the goodness of an Anne Elliot, but she was completely hamstrung by a poorly organized script and an over-production.
