I love Jane Austen's stories. I have only read two of them (P & P and S & S) but after seeing this adaptation, I reach for "Persuasion" from my bookshelf just to make sense of the story and also because I refuse to believe Jane Austen could have written such nonsense. For me, I thought that if you base a movie on a Jane Austen novel, you can't really go wrong. It will prove good enough by default. I was mistaken. <br /> <br /> First of all, where are the characters you sympathize with and like? You must have at least one sympathetic sign to get the audience to invest their feelings in them and it didn't. Well, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to come together, but only because that's what you know the purpose of the story is that they come together. Instead, I had to resist presses to throw my teacup on the TV and continue to watch it to the end. Anne was totally annoying all the time, and at last I really have no idea why Wentworth was so beaten up by her, as there seemed to be nothing for him to be attracted to. She was gentle, boring, boring, socially inadequate, and came across as one gets after everyone else's instructions rather than having her own mind. This can still work for a protagonist if you do well. It was not good. <br /> <br /> The other characters showed only different degrees of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst, with a full blown narcissistic personality disorder. Where Mrs Bennet in P & P had similar flaws, she was still endearing while Mary was more of a freak show. More disgusting than fun. <br /> <br /> Wentworth was very nice and seemed like a decent kind of guy. For the most part of the story, I just wondered what kind of person he was and why he is in love with Anne, as surely, he is the kind of guy who wants someone who is a little more alive? Acting-wise, not too much to say when I reacted more to the characters being portrayed, rather than how good / bad people acted. Anthony Head was excellent, but as soon as I saw he was in it, I didn't expect less. <br /> <br /> Also found the story very confusing. It was only at the end of the movie that Elizabeth did not seem to be Anne's founder, but actually a sister (I'm still not 100% on it). The whole of Anne / Wentworth's back story was also a little unclear. They had been together but then broke up and they are both bitter about it? Why? I wondered a little here, and the explanation seemed to be that she dumped him because she was persuaded to do so by anyone? But it was said in a kind of "by-city" way that it was almost missed as if somehow it was insignificant. How can it be insignificant when it is the very core of history ?? There were also a lot of namesakes, but no real sense of who the characters were. This Louisa person for example, who was she? A friend? Family? What? It was not very clear who the different characters are and their relationship with each other. Lady Russell was there a lot, but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth were brother and sister who felt very unrealistic when Mrs Croft was so old enough to be her mother. The final kiss, yes it was a little weird they kissed on the street, but I didn't really think about it because I was too busy and shouted "NEVER AGAIN !!" on the TV, because someone else's lips shook and shook and trembled for what felt like age before they actually met wentworths. Have some hesitation there, but only for a few seconds or so, not half a minute. <br /> <br /> There is the question of camera work. As a regular movie guard, don't be aware of angles and the like unless you decide to take care of it. I decided not to do this, but I still noticed them. For me, this means that the filmmakers do not do a good job. Many conversations were with extreme facials, something that should only be used when there is a really important point to be made. In this adaptation, it was overused and therefore lacked meaning. The handheld feel to the occasional didn't really work for a period of drama. The camera's work in the current scene also felt too modern. (Not to mention the race itself.) This was the only Austen adaptation I caught in the ITV Austen season. Make me wonder if it's worth seeing "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" or if I should just read the books and leave it. I'm sorry to say this is a Jane Austen custom I didn't like. Maybe I see the 1995 version instead. The BBC is known for having made beautiful Austen adjustments before, after all.
