I didn't really want to see this. It seemed to be an old Raj Kanwar movie that disgusted me even before I began to see it because I didn't consider him to be mediocre as the filmmaker. The only reason I took this is apparently Shahrukh Khan's appearance in the movie. I hadn't even known what the movie was about because I was sure it would be just an ordinary adventure. So I just imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with a significant supportive role of Rishi Kapoor, whom I thought would play his father or uncle. And for my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! He is the one who romanticises the young Divya! I was saddened to find out that Shahrukh had a small portion of no matter, and so too, only in the other part of this idiotic movie. Just let me repeat the question: Why would a 17-year-old lovely Divya have fallen to a 40-plus long-haired, shabby, raised pig like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor was ashamed to take this part; All he did was ridicule himself. He romanticized a girl who could logically be younger than her own daughter and make things worse - seems like a teenager in the eighties. Besides that, to make himself more pathetic, he plays a pop star ... To make things clear, I have no problems with actors who are romantic ladies much younger than they themselves are. As long as they make a compelling couple, there should be no problem. In fact, leading actors have always been thrown opposite young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and made the couple pretty good. I also have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor and his action in Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but it does not look like he is watching this movie like Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan see today. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and for the reason that each person actually saw this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He very well allowed his part to do him. The late Divya Bharti also made a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, just go in the other half. Personally, I wouldn't do it myself.
