I'm not one of those people who want to go out of a movie based on source material and automatically say "The book was better." I know better than dampening the value of a movie just because it wasn't a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and many decisions to make a movie that is sometimes beyond the control of the director / editor / filmmaker / producer and certainly beyond the control of the original author. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same, word for word, like a book or a game or a video game or Disneyland Ride, or whatever! A film must be judged on its own and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful movie must be made because the material is relevant to the community to which it belongs, and if it is based on source material, its relevance must be revised and improved by the filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Films That Will Be Blood, follow this paradigm because it was based on a novel written at the turn of the century, Oil !, It feels relevant because of things like the war in Iraq and energy concerns the country of origin The United States was and was experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original movie, benefits from using new technology and animal rights concerns that people have. <br /> With that said, I just don't understand why they even bothered to make this movie? Besides the great performances, guaranteed Oscar nods and Shanley's director / writer fee and royalties he will get, this movie seems to come from nowhere. It should simply be like a game. The film (which is essentially the same as the game) says nothing new about the reprehensible sexual atrocities committed and, in many cases, covered by the Catholic Church here and abroad. It says nothing new or different from the original game. I can't help comparing this movie with another movie that came out at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on a game. Frost / Nixon, while Nixon regrets, seems relevant because it seems to have come at a time when President Bush was leaving the office. Sorry that Nixon, as depicted in the play / film, about the war and his presidency could as well reflect on Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and actually benefited from wider film distribution because it made people speak and reflect on the political status quo in that country at that time. However, doubts felt as if it were yesterday's news and did not seem to offer anything that the game did not provide. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is "good", the show is excellent and the script adaptation is apt, but what? Why didn't it just become a game? Why beyond marketing and economic reasons does it make a movie? It did not give the audience anything new to discuss the terrible subject.
