The Oscar season has arrived, so it means that a lot of these deep, engaging, powerhouse ensemble movies are everywhere in the theaters hoping to win an audience and have the opportunity to make the best picture in the big show. Among them, this film is based on a very popular and reputable play. The original playwright was actually a writer and director of the film adaptation; that comes as a double-sided sword. On the one hand, who is it better to translate the game than the original author? On the other hand, who better not to see the fault and the disadvantages of the game and correct them than the original author himself? Doubt blends excellent acting and lots of excitement and excitement; with a frustrating ending, unnecessary dialogue, questionable management and of course, the inability to provide significant answers. It is a growing trend among these "high caliber" films not to answer all the issues it gives and it has to stop. Doubt is like a joke without its stroke as a book with Final 20 pages missing, like losing reception while watching the fourth quarter of a hard-challenged football game and not having the 50 cents to continue playing the arcade game and see what's happening next walk. Doubt, like the previous Best Picture frustration party No country for old men, does not end really; It does not give us significant answers or provide enough for us to find out the end. Yes, that was the intention, but it is not a test of humanity, it is a fight. I do not pay money to see an unfinished work, I pay money to see a beginning, middle and end, and ask that I do not fall asleep during the three actions. We are forced to become the film's "authors" by filling in the blanc even though what happened before and what will happen to the characters we were screaming at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama is about a nun (Meryl Streep) who seems very confident that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual progress toward a child going to church; the first African-American boy in the Catholic Church. The church is secretly torn over whether he really commits ugly sins behind everyone's back. The reason thickens as some of the children begin to behave differently, which attracts a young teacher (Amy Adams) message. The story is set right after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who shook the nation for some time and questioned their belief in humanity and in each other. <br /> <br /> The strong points of the doubt come in the acting ensemble and also the exciting excitement that builds slowly and never boils over. Streep seems to be Oscar-worthy in every role she is in, and here she is no different, as her stubbornness and cold-hearted behavior lay a blanket of fear among all the students and with some of the church staff. Hoffman once again excels as a pastor by successfully suspecting a charming personality and a friendly aura. The seemingly hypocritical personality is hard to pull off, especially when we suppose to like him and also consider him the same; but Hoffman joins the record against one of the best actresses in our generation and delivers great. When these two argue, you can hear fireworks fly without ever seeing one launched. But let's not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for their amazing work either. Doubt's casting ensemble is among the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as mentioned earlier, it is the writing and director that destroys this movie, especially when it reduces the third act. Questions arise, but they are not answered. Signs appear, but do not give any real improvement over the plot. Children behave differently, but we never quite find why. There are awkward angles in the camera's work ?? And there's no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, author of the play, had a previous film in his director repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether pure arrogance or stupidity, we are stuck to seeing transmitted sequences of random conversation, utterly annoying talking, drilling to no end (There was a two-minute discussion on coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Shanley. /> Bottom line: The lack of an end is a stupid trend that is as annoying as the seized camera work in action movies. It doesn't matter that we have a really talented play, or decent filmography, or a good story is being worked on or good use of sound and music; because we have a block of unanswered questions that sprinkle over a movie that is over 100 minutes not even finished! The translation from play to movie is good and quite accurate because we have the original gallows behind the project, but he took the mistakes and stupid hiccups from the game to the movie too. This decade has seen its share of blockbuster and high-profile movies that could have gotten a much higher score from me if they had just decided to add a few minutes of footage and actual end: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men , Burn After Reading is a few examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: Quit your stinkin 'movie. Please or at least provide a good amount of tracks for us to easily fill in the blank (like Wall-Es's depressing backstories) instead of staring into space as the credits suddenly start rolling and you are left with a sense of emptiness, confusion , and mental anxiety. Have a beginning, middle and end, thank you! As a critic, I prefer my movies to be whole, not incomplete. Doubt feels incomplete, so it becomes an incompetent class. Anyone should break this stupid trend.
