Intergalactic Criminals (Ross Hagen) have been sentenced to death and await execution on a spaceship designed for such a purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak, and Kol flies in a conveniently located escape cushion and flies to the ground (which is apparently nearby). There he confronts a group of "teens" (looking thirty) and a game manager (John Phillip Law) who helps protect him from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and fines android (or more correctly "gynoid") Alienator. <br /> <br /> From the front of the box, I was convinced it was going to be a horrible movie. But as horrible as it turned out, it was also lots of fun (probably at least partly because I looked at it with someone who happens to be intense amazing). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in making over a hundred low-grade films (especially "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), does what he does best and throws together a plot that only makes half sense and gives us rudimentary specials. effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appear (as "Tara"), of course at a low point in their career. Of course, there are plot holes. Why are there Hillbilly Rednecks in California (allegedly Los Angeles County if I understood the rapporteur correctly). What happens to the room woman's sticky blouse? Why is there a submarine about the ship captain who is vigorously trying to win her heart when this story doesn't go down? What the heck is "Quadrant 5"? How does chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that shortens an android, but landmines do virtually nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk Indian football player with emphysema? And the Lund guy (Robert Clarke) ... does his character even have a point? Does the game he plays with the captain have a point? Does this movie have a point? But the biggest mystery is the android (or gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alienator"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner", only much bigger? Because seeing if something is a cyborg, it's human. But if it's an android, it's the whole machine. This was an android, so there was no need to make it look human. It could have looked like something. But the person who designed her made her a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a leotard showing me a little too much. If you want to make a female android, wouldn't the purpose be to make her seductive and entice enemies? The mission was not completed. They say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I found a huge exception. <br /> <br /> If the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" was still today, this movie would be on a very short list of movies that have to be harangued. <br /> <br /> In addition to the debilitating Alienator (sorry, Teagan, gross weightlifters) the movie is okay. Perhaps there is not much of a story, and perhaps the characters are not very interesting. And maybe the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable without any particular reason - what use does a killer robot with a deer have? But overall, I liked the movie. I will not pimping it out to my friends or running out to my local video store to download the latest DVD copy (which I am sure is packed with amazing special features - not). But I am considering watching this movie well spent and looking forward to similar adventures in the future.
