A unique unfunny musical comedy that artificially tries to marry the then-edge rock'n'roll explosion with the middle class sensitivity in a suburban sitcom. The result is a boldly dated mish-mash that satisfies none of the audiences who went to the music, but would at least keep their parents seated. <br /> <br /> A quick glance at the promo writing on the back of the video release should give an idea of ​​the content. Tom Ewell is a drunk agent, overplayed with so little comic ability you almost expect him to bend "hi honey, I'm home!" Blurb puts him as "So Fun in 'The 7 Year Itch'". It almost sounds like an excuse. What other movie would sell itself that a leading player was good at something else? It sounds like "So fun in" The 7 Year Itch "... but he's a nonsense in this." Mansfield, a beautiful girl with rumors of 50-inch assets, is unfortunately a basement Monroe with all the powerful abilities and comic timing of a decaying haddock. Her timber delivery combined with Ewell's OTT double-take makes this a Hell comedy partnership. For her side, the seller gives us: "[Jayne Mansfield] whose more obvious talents are the cause of many of the movie's biggest laughs!" As you can see, a movie sold on the idea that it leads is a great coffin, not the most sophisticated thing. Most of this "humor" is men who literally fall over themselves, their glasses break at Mansfield's, etc. Only the Freudian nightmare of a milk bottle that overflows doubts its "U" certificate. <br /> <br /> For the musical side, the most adenine of players is chosen. Would you really like to see Eddie Fontaine's offer: "I love your eyes, I love your lips, they taste even better than potato chips" in a song called "Cool It, Baby"? Only the burnt little Richard breaks out of the MOREN, but is forced to sing some of his more colorful songs in a four-minute order. And how will all the actions sing without a single microphone? Tried satires in the industry are broad and childish in their opinion. Technically, the image was quite advanced with special effects (including a ghostly Julie London) and deluxe color (which now looks flat and artificial. In fact, it resembles its roots, which bleed and fake flesh colors, a colored film). However, the direction is not unique and the sound quality is also quite poor. <br /> <br /> Perhaps it will be so old. A time when men still smoked on the screen, made adorable sweet actors adult comments and black servants only to cook and dance. (All this happens here). Still, some like the threat, the African Queen, Ben Hur and many, many more as examples of movies from the period that can still be enjoyed today, so the argument "good on time" is not really up. In her heart, the girl cannot help It is a cynical and condescending venture that does not carry close inspection. 10.4. <br /> <br />
