Made a year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF THE SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily have been called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANTATION, and it probably inspired the producers of the Nazi sexual exploitation pics to continue with their more infamous films because the stories are identical : a beautiful, horny head strong (but stupid) blonde woman breaks down and kills many people under her control, who all hate her and want her dead. Sounds good? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the manufacturer of the ILSA flicks, are good friends and they started their careers together. So of course there is a connection there. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can't help but think that Russ Meyer would go ahead and do something other than his typical busty women epics, because XXX movie became the whole rage in the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer's film, though they were full of nudity and kinkiness and violence, were never close to real porn. His films began to look positive on the side of DEEP THROAT and other hard-core porn blockbusters. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films, and BLACKSNAKE is the ultimate result of such a quandary in his career. Of course he wanted to branch out into different unknown areas. But BLACKSNAKE bombed at B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to making VIXEN-type movies, although they were still not pornographic, they were definitely more over-top than any of his previous films. It is no wonder that BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It's just awful. Trash-O-Rama. Jaw-dropping badly. It's a quasi-campy assume slavery if you can imagine it. The end result is down. One minute we are in the typical Meyer area: overwhelming, playful and stupid, and then the next minute, super serious meditation on slavery and violence. Huh? It just doesn't work. The slavery / racism aspect is violently mishandled and woes this movie in the true exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sad as ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and such kind of movies, so I imagine fans of the latter were disappointed with it, which would explain the almost lack of interest in this movie from either exploitation fans or Russ Meyer fans . Meyer blames the mistake in BLACKSNAKE because, and I quote: "It didn't have enough breasts in it." I'm sorry Russ, but the movie is just bad, breast or no breasts. But he's right, though, about the low breast ratio. Apart from Anouska and the girl, the film's cast man. Meyer replaces his usual source of boxing babes with lots of hunks with massive pecs, in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and the great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand around, who is portrayed as a ruthless but smart gay man who enjoys the power he has over the men, one can only wonder what Meyer really was trying to create here. BLACKSNAKE Stars David Warbeck, who is keen on Anouska and her right hand man. Bad David. He looks completely befuddled by the whole experience. He seemed to have fun making the movie, but you can clearly see it, at times he has no idea what happens. And then there is Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... in the 1970s, not in the 1870s. With her makeup and hair, she looks like a typical 70-year-old Brit-pin-up babe than a century-shift dominatrix. And her wardrobe is fun. At one time she actually lets go of her leather boots! I didn't know they had zippers these days. But the character she plays is in itself really degrading (no saying is calculated). She is nothing but a digit for the object of desire and passion for all men (and the woman) on the island. One night, when David and Anouska get it on, her annoying slave driver walks into the living room, David unknowingly knocks and tries to rape her and pits her violently. The next day the slave driver still works for Anouska, and the two seem to have done nothing. It's totally ridiculous. In any case, if her character had been a genuine person, Anouska would have whipped the slave forerunner meaningless and kicked his ass off the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman holds him on her plantation after attempting to rape her stretches the slender history and the characters' credibility to the maximum. Ridiculous details like this and the thoroughly eye-catching flash exploitation make BLACKSNAKE an oddly unpleasant but tough film. Can be seen in the train wreck variety. I just couldn't help watching the movie for the very basic aspects of it all (the excellent cinematography sorta makes it easier to see). So it's an exploitation movie, I think we managed to do what it was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer finishers.
