At a time when the Constitution and Principles of the United States were founded, the subordination of an administration desperate to distract attention from its own internal problems, in which the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are unapologetically discarded, is trampled upon, a tension on the state of illegal action. which far exceeds the terrorists they oppose may seem appropriate. But if you want to watch a movie about it, try Ed Zwick instead of THE SIEGE, because NADA is one of the most infantile "political" thrillers ever made. As Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTTER, the director has taken up a subject, he is completely ignorant and imposes his ignorance on almost every frame. <br /> <br /> His terrorists are a wildly convincing group of stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses as if he were auditioning for MAD Magazines' Spy vs. Spy's strip behaves like Michel Duchaussoy as an absurd KIDS IN THE HALL, who sends out the sociology professor from Hell, Mariangela Melato, a carton middle class revolutionary wannabe - who behaves on every convincing plot becomes as if they will be captured. The corrupt authorities go a little better, but are still painted in incredibly wide battles. <br /> <br /> It is possible to make a clever movie about stupid people (cf ELECTION), but it's a moronic movie about stupid people made by people who think they're intellectuals talking to masses. In fact, there was one to transform Testi, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed. The result would actually be to increase the film's intellectual content, not to lower it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol may have just gone away with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his scene is so incomplete (the battle scenes would scare a preschool while the kidnapping is more eerie than the kidnapping itself) and his the inability to have his thrown to perform with at least some approximation of recognizable human behavior so blatantly that it is actually embarrassing to see (special mention should be made here for Duchaussoy: so very good in Chabrils QUE LA BETE MUERE , he is amazingly bad here in a performance so far above the top it is again). Chabrol has made some fine films, but you would never guess it from this amateur mess - a newcomer to his work would never see another of his films after that, which would be a great shame. Utter drivel and a boring waste of a potentially interesting material. A star out of ten - and it's very generous.
