I've seen a few episodes of this show and have found some elements of it to be quite interesting, considering medical facts that can be learned. But this is completely upstaged and destroyed by the endless immoral relationships with the show's characters. Everyone seems to have slept with just about everyone, even in office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There does not seem to be a solid, lasting marriage or relationship throughout the show - everyone is broken up and on prowl - hardly a true reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy, and it's really full. <br /> <br /> Then we are presented with endless small moral dilemmas, and they are generally solved in such a way as to tell someone who does not agree with the omniscient degenerate management and staff of private practice. For example, in one of the recent episodes, we are presented with a very rare situation in a baby born with an insecure sex, and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the operation because we must allow the child to determine his sex later. Anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think anyone who opposes abortion would be offended by the way the show treats pro-lifers. Addison commented that no man was allowed to have an opinion on the issue and only a black person got dignity to counter abortion on moral grounds. The general feeling was that if you are against abortion, you are a freak - hardly the popular mood in the United States. Two of the main characters in the show casually mention that they had abortions when they were younger and did not have excuses or regrets, although research has shown that women can undergo intense depression. Another young girl comes to the clinic for an abortion and then thanks the staff on the way out and someone is talking about it as how they help this young person and it was like something to pursue. The script could have been written by Planned Custody. All in all, this is a cheap show that lacks much of a future unless it decides to present real-life relationships rather than just incredible soap operas and unprecedented medical situations throughout the show.
