Choke starts as a rock band known as The Choke preparing for a concert at a nightclub called 'Club 905', which is owned and operated by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell the other band members, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they both go solo & their services will no longer be needed. Once at the club, Dylan is preparing, but Mike does not discover and the concert turns into a disaster. So as the band thinks things can't get worse, they find a dead body in the basement that all the doors are locked so they can't get out and they can't trust anyone as a mysterious killer starts picking them out one-on-one ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard by-the-numbers teen slasher who really has nothing to do for it. The manuscript of Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber (not too many horror films out there written by the ladies ...) has something surprisingly good sign in it and some nifty dialogue, but while it is much better than a lot of modern shots on a camcorder type horror in it Regardless, it is so slow and boring that even a few interesting characters can't get anywhere near saving it. As you would expect, all the usual teen slasher cliches are used, from the isolated places that the victims cannot escape, thrown by beautiful teenagers who stop splitting, a couple of murders and a really bad twist that trying to emulate something like Scream (1996) and be surprising, but doesn't make much sense when you think logically (they couldn't have done any of the things they needed) and to make matters even worse, I guessed who the killer was pretty early on and although I didn't want to boast, I was on the spot. Then there is the fact that Choke makers felt that the audience would be entertained by showing endlessness (it feels endless as they see it) scenes of teenagers walking around dark corridors do nothing special, I'm sorry But there are only as many scenes as this I can take before it starts to get boring. The murder count is low, first they all decide to stick together (good idea), but then they all randomly choose to split up and go their separate ways (bad idea when there is a killer on the loose), the pace is dull, kill the scenes is imaginative and on top of all of the twist end is bad. Director Mas does well, the movie looks OK for the most part, though there are the odd occasions where he uses some annoying post production editing techniques like slow motion or frame jumping. Gore levels are not quite up to scratches, there is some blood splatter, a guy with a hole in his chest, some dead bodies and some pointed out some metal poles. Most of the kills occur on the screen with the ax-drill at the end a good example of the film that doesn't show anything. When the film is about a rock band, there is some rock-oriented soundtrack with some really horrible, horrible rock songs used on it. I'm sorry rock fans, but in my ears it's just noise pollution. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere, and the lack of blood and gore is just invisible when the rest of the movie is so bad. With an assumed budget of approx. $ 1,000,000 Choke is well made with reasonably production value, it looks cheap to be safe, but not as cheap as many low budget horror movies look. Shots at a place called Spokane in Washington apparently. The action is one of the movie's strongest points, as it is generally pretty good all the way around, I think no one will win an Oscar, but it's not half bad. Choke is a consistent routine Scream style teen slasher that has one of the weakest twist endings ever & a criminal lack of blood, gore, violence, nudity and dead bodies. I mean, if a slasher doesn't have sex or does what is the point? These are the only things that the average slasher is worth looking at, right?
