"Carriers" follow the exploitation of two guys and two gals in a stolen Mercedes with the words road warrior on the hood hightailing it down the highway to the beach with surfboards attached to the top of their car. Brian (Chris Pine of "Star Trek") runs, and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo of "Coyote Ugly") has shotgun while Brian's younger brother Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of Fanboys) and his friend - not exactly boyfriend - Kate ( Emily VanCamp of "The Ring 2") occupies the back seat. This quartet with twentysomething characters lives in a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic - which co-directors and co-scenarios Alex Pastor and David Pastor tell us absolutely nothing about - has ruined America. Of course, lack of exposure removes at least fifteen minutes which would have slowed this cynical melodrama about how people degenerate into a crisis and become their own worst enemies. This lethal virus gives you shingles and then you bleed and die. Most run around with the white stitches attached to their nose and mouth with a thin rubber band. Initially, this foursome meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni from "Runaway Bride"), and his cute little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of the lost") blocks the highway with their SUV. Brian swears around Frank as he tries to lay them down, but the oil pan in their Mercedes bursts and they come up on foot. Reluctantly they take a ride with Frank after they have sealed Jodie up on the back of the SUV. She has a mask over her nose and mouth and is stained with blood. Frank has heard that the doctors cure sick people in a hospital and they go to it. Unfortunately, someone has lied to Frank. The hospital doctor gives the last couple of children some Kool-Aid that will put them out of their misery. The treatment did not improve their condition. Everyone else in town is dead. Kate tries unsuccessfully to get a ringtone on each phone. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter, and he lets the heroic quartet straighten his SUV and take off. In fact, "Carriers" are qualified as a relentlessly depressing film about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who degenerate into killing killings to protect themselves. They come to a country club and frolic around on a golf course until another four pops up in suits and masks with pump-action shotguns. Incredibly, our protagonists manage to escape without being shot, but Brian is frightened when he almost falls into the water with a floating body. Eventually, they discover that one of them has been infected. Later, as they are running out of gas, Brian blocks the highway, which Frank did at the start. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christian women driving the car. Danny is lying that his pregnant wife is giving birth and he needs their help. Brian throws caution to the wind and blows away with the ladies with his automatic gun when they refuse to help them. Brian catches a slug in the leg from the passenger, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza movie that you can either laugh or laugh at, because humor is largely non-existent. At the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes have become villains who only care about their own and their situation. Chris Pine makes a great impression as a fun lover Brian, and his energetic performance is the only reason to be associated with this hokum, while the only other well-known actress, Piper Perabo, refers to a disagreeable love role. As Bobby, she makes the tragic mistake of showing compassion to a dying little girl and paying a terrible price. It's a testament to Pine's achievement that he can change his character to the point of setting himself up for others. In essence, Pine has the only role that gives him the ability to draw a one-eight from happy-go-lucky guy to heartless guy. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers and they never let go. As there is no relief in sight, "Carriers" sink into predictability. "Irreversible" film photographer Benoît Debie does a fantastic job with his widescreen lens and as unfortunate as this weather becomes, Debie makes it a dynamic movie. Except for the lack of a happy ending or closure in any meaning of the word, "Carriers" suffers because it is so terribly cynical. The scene, when the German shepherd attacks Danny, most encourages the excitement, but even that could have been improved. Unfortunately, the pastor brothers do not scare too much tension or tension. By fade-out you really don't care what happens to anyone.
