This self-proclaimed root may have put kibosh on Mr. Branagh's career as an adapter of Shakespeare to the cinema. (Published 4 years ago, not a step to an adaptation page.) I just finished seeing this on cable - holy God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> I agree with the feelings of a reviewer below who said that reviewing something so blatant and unfortunately horrible is a monstrous act that comes across as shrill. That said, I take the risk if only because * The Unemployment of Love * is the perfect reward for those who overestimated Mr. Branagh's direct abilities earlier. Branagh has always been a beautiful miserable instructor: grindingly literally mind; star-struck; unforgettable ungenerous to his fellow players (he loves his American stars, but loves himself more and makes sure he gets all the good lines). In this way, the sad fact remains that * Love's Labor's Lost * is hardly worse than the interminable, ghastly, inflated * Hamlet * of 1996. In fact, this movie may be preferable if it is only about 1/3 in length. Branagh decided it would be a good idea to update this bad, early work by Shakespeare to the environment of Cole Porter, George Gershwin, Fred Astaire, Yada Yada. So he sets the case in 1939, leaving around an eighth of the text intact for real interpretations of the thirties standards (wait until you see the actors raised on wires against the ceiling under "I'm in heaven") and throwing actors not known their dance or song (included themselves). The result is a disaster that is so surreal that one is left dumbfounded that they just do not call a horrified stop for it all after looking at the first daily newspapers. I do not even blame the cast. To rewrite Hamlet, "The play is the case!" No one could possibly get along well with this hodge podge: the famous RSC alumni are no better than Alicia Silverstone. Who could possibly act in this thing? <br /> <br /> Branagh's first mistake was to think that * Love's Labor's Lost * was a game worth recording. Trust me, it's not. It is an irregularity in Bard's canon, written explicitly for a trained coterie of courtiers - NOT the usual audience he wrote. Therefore, there are very valuable (and EARLY!) Word games, references to today's scholastic nonsense, parodies of Lyly's * Euphues *. . . In other words, hardly that kind of material to appeal to a wide audience. Hell, it doesn't appeal to an audience already exposed to Shakespeare comedies. Playback cannot take place without cutting the text drastically and desperately "updating" it with any gimmick that comes to hand. Which asks the question, why disturb? Branagh's second mistake was to think that Shakespeare's cake of a game could be served with a side order of Gershwin's jam. It was clear that the idea or hope was to make an incomprehensible Elizabethan exercise tasty to modern audiences by administering the nostalgic American pop culture into the throat at the same time. But again this question asks: Why disturb? <br /> <br />
