SPOILERS Too often, Hollywood's Shakespeare adapts to entertaining movie pieces. Beautiful shot, they are well done and faithful to the text. Movies including Branagh's "Henry V" and 1993's "Very Ado About Nothing" are powerful pieces of work. When you see the "Unemployment of Love", it is such a great disappointment for expectation to be so terribly wasted. Unfortunately, "Love's Labor's Lost" is terrible! King of Navarre (Alessandro Nivola) and his friends have left drinking and women for three years to focus on their studies. Plans start to fall apart, but when the enigmatic Princess of France (Alicia Silverstone) and her entourage arrive. Soon, love is in the air, and philosophy is beyond the prince's mind. From the beginning, you realize that this movie is not quite Shakespeare. Carefully moved into a 1930s musical by Ken Branagh, the plot is still there and the manuscript remains, but now it has been sacrificed in favor of expensive musical tastes. Classics like "The way you look tonight", "Let's see music and dance", "I'm in heaven" are all destroyed by faint song and a strong feeling that they just don't belong here. <br /> <Apart from weak song, we are also treated with an increasing number of unpleasant beliefs of ordinary stars. Ken Branagh and friends like to make this movie, but they give us a collection of roles. <br /> <br /> The main eight actors (four men and four women) are all just as bleak, and the only positive on their behalf is a major improvement on the truly terrible Timothy Spall. In fact, only one person leaves the film worthy of praise and that is the consistently magnificent Nathan Lane. Lane has shown over the years that he is a comedy genius, and in this feature he again adds a humorous humor to jester Costard. <br /> <br /> There is little else to say really. "The Unemployment of Love" deserves mild praise for Branagh's original take on an ancient tale. Unfortunately, however, the positives end. Slightly acted, executed, sang and constructed, "Love's Labor's Lost" is perhaps the weakest Shakespeare adaptation of the last forty years. It should be avoided as a plague and should never have been done. A poor, disappointing choice of Branagh, and here his next effort is better.
