Around the end of the 1970s, animated Don Bluth, frustrated with the production, animated Disney, who was cut off from Mouse House to create his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still stays in good shape today. This was followed by an American flag and country ahead of time, both made under the involvement of Steven Spielberg and commercially successful. Although none of these two films had the dark adult appeal of NIMH, they are still very charming, fun features for both children and adults. But before long, Don Bluth had his first big misfire with all dogs going to heaven; Critics were particularly hard on this movie, and cases were not helped by the fact that it opened with Disney's THE LITTLE MERMAID. Considering that the film has such a friendly sounding title, one would expect ALL dogs to go to heaven to be a comfortable family prize. Instead, Bluth gives a surprisingly dark story of gambling, fraud, crime, abuse and murder. That in itself is not a problem for an animated feature. Say, but it raises doubts about whether the movie is for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether adults will find much to enjoy in all dogs going to heaven. In short, it's a movie with a big identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Seen in a dull foam of New Orleans, the movie begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a hard and German shepherd, is driven over by a friendly car from his former casino casino partner, a nasty cigar -puffing pit bull, Carface. Before you know, Charlie finds himself in the sky, though by default. Here, a whippet angel, Annabelle, tells that "all dogs go to heaven because, unlike humans, they are usually loyal and friendly." This line represents the movie's confused character, as the dogs in the movie, whippet aside, are presented as anything but. <br /> <br /> Realizing that he's been murdered, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and suddenly gets straight with Carface. With his reluctant help from his taxi-bitch Itchy, "Charlie" rescues Carface's prize, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who wins the rat race). Charlie claims he will help the little sweet find her a family, but in reality he uses his ability to win fortunes in the race so he can build a more elaborate casino by himself to bring Carface down. Although he refuses to admit, Charlie grows to love AnneMarie ... The notion of history is not as problematic as performance. Apart from the human girl, AnneMarie and a flamboyant musical alligator, appearing around three quarters through (with the vocal points of Ken Page), none of the other characters that appear to be sympathetic or honest are even worth watching. Unfortunately, it also applies to Charlie; In an attempt to make him an anti-hero, the script (made up of more than ten authors) succeeds in making the character too opaque. As such, the audience feels no empathy for Charlie, and worse is his redemption at the end of the movie not so compelling. (Further damage to the character is the disappointing uncharismatic vocal performance of Burt Reynolds.) Besides the lack of an endearing leader, the film's second problem is in the structure of history. The slow pace jumps everywhere and makes a habit of throwing in extra scenes that don't serve any purpose, but brushing off the movie's running time. The aforementioned musical alligator (who resides in a golden sewer infected with native rats) seems to have been thrown in from nowhere, like a scene where Charlie tries to show his generosity to AnneMarie by feeding a pack of pastel puppies pizzas. The entire manuscript feels like a rough first draft; a little more polish could have made this a tighter and more effective story. Matters are not helped by the noisy songs by Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (AnneMarie's song and gator's ballad are the only good ones, the latter being especially the benefits of Ken Page's mellifluous vocals) or the uneven voice cast. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds' stiff and lifeless Charlie detracts even more from his already excruciating character (the only exception is a fiery confession to Itchy about his true intent toward the end). The DeLuise as Itchy is pretty good, but he has had better roles, especially Tiger in an American treasure and Jeremy in the secret of Nimh. Ken Page, as mentioned, is great in everything he does, but his character has little to do with his overall contribution at best not being noticed. Similarly wasted is Loni Anderson (like a collie who once had a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that comes across as truly memorable, partly because her character is the only legitimate sympathetic one in this depressing and gratifying show. <br /> <br /> Barsi aside, the only real positive for ALL dogs goes to heaven is the animation. Technically, this film has some of the most imaginative visuals from Bluth's team (after the 1980's standards, that is), especially a scary scene where Charlie has a nightmare of ending in a burning underworld ruled by a giant satanic dog demon. If anything, the movie is more an animation strip than story. <br /> <br /> On the whole, however, I cannot recommend ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN as good entertainment. Although I acknowledge that the movie has its fans and the climax gives obvious energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's better bet. Animation buffs will marvel at the lush artistry, but when it is over, ALL DOGS CAN GO TO SECRET very well leave a bad taste in your mouth.
