I'm a big fan of movies that makes you think. I'm still thinking long and hard about this, seven minutes after the credits have rolled. What really disrupts my neurons is the attempt to understand the relevance of the naked girl's plot that slips her slender oily body, made extra sticky by being filmed on cheap video. This happens three times and I was sure it would be explained eventually. I trust the filmmakers that this lurid attempt to entice viewers would be justified. It was not. <br /> <br /> The movie must be the most apathetic I've ever encountered in the genre. The sets resemble a cross between a 1970s Dr. Who's set and the bad idea of ​​another about a mushroom-painted living room. The lighting is imaginative (if your sets become so bad, at least film them in half-dark to hide the plasterboard and create an atmosphere). Of the abducted quartet, the girl appears to be particularly paralyzed, but none of them get a personality. The aliens' plans for world domination are simply stupid - all they need is a pill, and their problems are solved. Most of the film is made up of people running down corridors. Yes, it's really exciting. The special effect on "ray gun" is ... curious, to say the least (what is a weapon that takes a 15 second concentrated blast to kill and even then the guy comes back for more?). The script is like a bad episode of The A-Team, and ladies hairstyles come from the same era so they resemble schoolteachers instead of a bout of murderous alien invaders. When we finally get to see what foreigners really look like, they are in suspended animation and never even get out of their boxes. The story resolution - the traitor's stranger simply has a few words with invading fleet forces and without a second he thought he was going home - is really a sign of a writer who has never had an idea more complex than a Saturday morning cartoon (I mean the bad those without plot, action or characterization) in his or her life. <br /> <br /> But seriously what is the naked chick? Was it really just that they could justify putting meat on DVD tires to increase sales?
