Noel Coward, a witty and urban man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten. Mr Coward, who was a long-time admirer of all the marine, was required to write a story loosely based on the loss of Mountbat's ship. In a particular British way, it was believed that a film about the Royal Navy would lose a sea-going meeting would be good propaganda. It was also considered a good idea to have Mr Coward play part of the ship's captain. Developing the many qualities needed to order a combat ship, the ability to speak in a very clipped voice, and singing sophisticated "point" songs do not get very high on Admiralty House, or at least one would not hope. A captain must serve and keep respect for the room and the undercover alike. Mr Coward could have been respectful of the gentlemen's quarrels at Drury Lane, and Binkie Beaumont could have been horrified by him, but his ability to tame, mold and lead a ship's crew during wartime must be questioned. He folds carefully around the bridge, accusing the other rows and barking orders of the officers, he only needed a silk suit and a cigarette holder to work right at home. Much is made of the "warship as a microcosm of the British Society" theme, and the crew largely consists of the usual cheery cockneys, canny northerners etc.without who cannot be fought for war. They spend most of their time on board, smoking, moaning about Lord Haw Haw and being blown up. Never mind, there is much more where they came from. On land they go directly to the pub, where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning over Lord Haw Haw and blowing up. In contrast, Coward lives in a dream home with a rose covered door somewhere very quiet with very little chance of being blown up. He, his lady wife and their two rosy cheeky cherubs sneaked in ridiculously intricate tones and the said lady wife spends much of her time knitting things for the poor unlucky ones, including his crew and who she refers to by their surnames. The beautiful young master Johnny Mills has a prominent role as an incredibly lower tire type that cultivates Mr Coward in the same way as a thrashed dog will worship his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, presumably on the grounds that she had to be pregnant after such an unnoticed passion. So yes, we have a microcosm of British society here, but perhaps not in the way the creators of "In whom we serve" are calculated. At the end, Mr Coward gets a last chance to shut down his men when the few survivors are disappointed by him: "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you", he anunciller as if he recited "Where now brown cow". It could have been David Lean's feature debut, but Noel Coward's hand awakens across this image. He was a funny and clever man, better suited to writing warp plays about bad, little rich girls and boys tense with the occasional angry song. He had a talent to entertain without a doubt, but he could neither write nor speak convincingly. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, he had no time to be a real person.
