Cecil B. deMilles 1922 Parliamentary Prison tearjerker Mordslid finds the lovely Leatrice Joy as a good heart, but obsolete young lady with more money than she knows what to do with. Her recklessness leads to prison, which in turn leads to her regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the law critic who has made it his personal crusade to bring the goodness and health of Lydia (Joy) out, but he becomes sidetracked by alcohol, and when released, it is up to her to save him! <Br /> <br /> If the plot does not sound too bad, you will be the floor of the provided presentation. The quality of deMille's direction is very low and he does not show any particular skill that is unique to him. Shooting is standard and flat, and editing is hardly more dynamic. You could easily classify it as a fashion show and be quite correct. DeMille gets dressed up in Miss Joy in so many different types of clothes (evening dresses, golf suits, car suits, piles of fur), that it is subtitle could be 'Fashion of 1922' <br /> <br /> One thing more disappointing than photography or Editing or directing is the play, which is mostly flat and wood. When this is not the case, only routine, silent gestures, rolling eye bullets, pulling eyebrows, and conscious pointing and arm movements. What would have been lived for modern viewers by crushing and scene chewing of some of the worst silent movies is just boring to see here. The only member of the cast that succeeds in any kind of expertise is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful but also can play his role naturally. She is convincing and endearing in tearful close-ups as long as you don't read the moralizing title card that follows when she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everybody else is a routine routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. Her performance here is a good argument for why she never achieved a true star. <br /> <br /> The worst and most entertaining part of this movie is the heavy moral tone that goes through it all. Meighan's character has lots of intertitles in which he drones on how the young man in America is declining in his moral attitude and goes straight back to Rome's decadence. (insert absurd flashback) This film's moralization has been described as Victorian, but it is longer than that. It has so little living in reality that I have a sense of audience at that time, it took no more serious than modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This movie is exactly what the ignorant tends to think of as a 'typical' silent movie, with the archaic moral structure, timber acting and poor direction. DeMille shows that he could be a terrible instructor without pacing, camera placement or skills in handling either script or actors. I can't imagine anyone in their real mind taking it seriously. Boring, slow and idiotic, I recommend it to hardcore silent movie dorks like myself.
