All day long I have been watching dinosaurs, and all day they have had the same fundamental problem. <br /> <br /> They don't believe in firearms. They just don't seem to have been about them or anything. Bullets _bounce_ off dinosaurs! Maybe it's because they were extinct millions of years before the invention of spice, and the laws of physics were different since then ... Aah, no. Come on. If they are close enough to work chemically today, they must be vulnerable to fast (even subsonic) lead projectiles. It's so simple. See, the toughest ghost characters on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to foundations. They are not magical. You can shoot a pistol round straight through the heavy scales on the back. They do not take armor or anything special. Small balls penetrate them, they just don't kill them. Some (but not really) big bullets are preferred because the challenge (as with most games) is to kill the animal with a shot so it doesn't run. (Hunters consider it immoral to allow prey to run dry and die unharmed.) <br /> <br /> Most animals, including predators, can be easily rejected by fire. Between noise and pain of even a non-lethal wound, most will run away. One exception is big bears that are so fearless that they are only furious with mortal wounds. Cape buffalo is considered extremely dangerous because they are well-known to charge when they are injured. We have watched video of the great bulls of a herd of cape buffalo who rescues a calf from an entire lion of lions. A big cat will run if it can, but if it can't, it will charge as a final act of desperation. Where a T.Rex would fit into this spectrum is unknown. Their behavior has simply not been observed. With these larger animals, safe hunting becomes a question of using a suitable large and powerful projectile and / or using several of them quickly enough to counteract its charging. Of course, with a T.Rex it can be a serious problem. I have seen a T.Rex skull (they have one in the museum center) and carry a gun that is big enough to bust that can be inconvenient. Chewing the neck with lots of smaller fire can be a more viable approach. Small balls would still _penetrate them, they would not just jump out just because the animal is too big to kill easily! <br /> <br /> So here we have Cortez and his men (this is _ seducing the famous Mexican campaign, apparently) captured by American natives and scheduled for victims at the pyramid. It seems that all these human victims were appeasing blood thirst from the T.Rexes couple, who terrorized the continent of the day. Instead of just having their heart carved and fed to the lizards, Cortez et al spoke to make them hunt and kill them. Okay, maybe they don't have M-16s as guys in the "Carnosaur" series, but they have flint locks, crossbars, pointers (big, made of trees) and swords. Maybe it's a little less uneven than soldiers with soldiers with full auto, but they have more guys, and I'll quickly bet on them over a dinosaur. Oh, wait, there is an ad, about a 4-incher. It's just the ticket to busting a Tyrannosaurus' skull! Then they put a trap with a group of men, cannon, pegs in a gap and lures the first T.Rex into it using a beautiful brown girl as bait. Cortez points out that they do not have time to reload, so they will have to close the row until they can be sure of their goals. T.Rex completely ignores their volley flintlock fire and we see both a ball bar _and_ the cannonball _bounce_ off! Forget it. Finally, credibility. A ball bearing would defeat Cortez's torso armor, and a 4 "cannonball could penetrate the ship by a wooden ship! withstand a 4 "cannon ball?) And here is T.Rex, standing and not even browsing. So Cortez lures it to the gorge where it falls on the pointed sticks that (I believe by magic) penetrate it and kill it. Yaaay, Pegs! <br /> <br /> Dinos are not completely harmless to gun fires - they are able to spot the other with a gun. This runs it off, so it's not as mediocre as a bear or a buffalo, at least in the movies. They kill the other dinosaur with a bomb - made of a gourd filled with spices and gemstones. My money will still be on the cannon. It is constructed function is to concentrate all spices energy in one direction - towards the target. A bomb is a much more diffuse use of force. An _real_ bomb (NOT a gourd pump) has a steel housing containing the explosion at extremely high pressure. (Think: pipe bomb vs fire crackers.) A pile of cribs that are on fire simply go on POOF. (Trust me on the one.)
